<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230302_10-K_edgar_data_1865174_0000950170-23-005852.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6527319</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>682309</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>593396</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4963168</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>40660</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>66380</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-005852.hdr.sgml : 20230302
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230302164039
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-005852
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		23
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230302
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230302

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Goldman Sachs Middle Market Lending Corp. II
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001865174
		IRS NUMBER:				133575636
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	814-01461
		FILM NUMBER:		23699724

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 WEST STREET
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10282
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-902-0300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 WEST STREET
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10282

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Goldman Sachs Middle Market Lending LLC II
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210601

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-005852.txt : 20230302

10-K
 1
 ck0001865174-20221231.htm
 10-K

10-K 

3 
 
 UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 Commission file number 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , 

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code: 
 
 Former Name, Former Address and Former Fiscal Year, If Changed Since Last Report. 
 
 Not Applicable 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

None 
 
 None 
 
 None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer: 
 
 Accelerated filer: 
 
 : 
 
 Smaller reporting company: 

Emerging growth company: 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 As of June 30, 2022, there was public market for the registrant s common stock. The number of shares of the registrant s common stock, par value 0.001 per share, outstanding as of March 2, 2023 was . 
 1 
 
 Table of Contents 
 GOLDMAN SACHS MIDDLE MARKET LENDING CORP. II 
 Index to Annual Report on Form 10-K for 
 The fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 

INDEX 
 PAGE 

Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 3 

PART I. 

ITEM 1. 
 Business 
 4 

ITEM 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 30 

ITEM 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 61 

ITEM 2. 
 Properties 
 61 

ITEM 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 62 

ITEM 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 62 

PART II. 

ITEM 5. 
 Market For Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 63 

ITEM 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 64 

ITEM 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 65 

ITEM 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 76 

ITEM 8. 
 Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 78 

ITEM 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 112 

ITEM 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 112 

ITEM 9B. 
 Other Information 
 112 

ITEM 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 113 

PART III. 

ITEM 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 114 

ITEM 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 120 

ITEM 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 121 

ITEM 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 121 

ITEM 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 122 

PART IV. 

ITEM 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 125 

ITEM 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 127 

2 
 
 Table of Contents 
 CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDIN G FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This report contains forward-looking statements that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. You can identify these statements by the use of forward-looking terminology such as may, will, should, expect, anticipate, project, target, estimate, intend, continue or believe or the negatives of, or other variations on, these terms or comparable terminology. You should read statements that contain these words carefully because they discuss our plans, strategies, prospects and expectations concerning our business, operating results, financial condition and other similar matters. We believe that it is important to communicate our future expectations to our investors. Our forward-looking statements include information in this report regarding general domestic and global economic conditions, our future financing plans, our ability to operate as a business development company BDC and the expected performance of, and the yield on, our portfolio companies. There may be events in the future, however, that we are not able to predict accurately or control. The factors listed under Risk Factors in this annual report on Form 10-K, as well as any cautionary language in this report, provide examples of risks, uncertainties and events that may cause our actual results to differ materially from the expectations we describe in our forward-looking statements. The occurrence of the events described in these risk factors and elsewhere in this report could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial position. Any forward-looking statement made by us in this report speaks only as of the date of this report. Factors or events that could cause our actual results to differ from our forward-looking statements may emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict all of them. We undertake no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. You are advised to consult any additional disclosures that we may make directly to you or through reports that we have filed or in the future may file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), including annual reports on Form 10-K, registration statements on Form N-2, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K. The safe harbor provisions of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), which preclude civil liability for certain forward-looking statements, do not apply to the forward-looking statements in this annual report on Form 10-K because we are an investment company. The following factors are among those that may cause actual results to differ materially from our forward-looking statements: 
 our future operating results; 

disruptions in the capital markets, market conditions, and general economic uncertainty; 

changes in political, economic, social or industry conditions, the interest rate environment or conditions affecting the financial and capital markets, including the effect of the coronavirus COVID-19 pandemic or any future pandemic or epidemic; 

uncertainty surrounding the financial and political stability of the United States, the United Kingdom, the European Union and China, and the war between Russia and Ukraine; 

our business prospects and the prospects of our portfolio companies; 

the impact of investments that we expect to make; 

the impact of increased competition; 

our contractual arrangements and relationships with third parties; 

the dependence of our future success on the general economy and its impact on the industries in which we invest; 

the ability of our current and prospective portfolio companies to achieve their objectives; 

the relative and absolute performance of Goldman Sachs Asset Management, L.P., the investment adviser of the Company; 

the use of borrowed money to finance a portion of our investments; 

our ability to make distributions; 

the adequacy of our cash resources and working capital; 

changes in interest rates, including the decommissioning of London InterBank Offered Rate LIBOR ); 

the timing of cash flows, if any, from the operations of our portfolio companies; 

the impact of future acquisitions and divestitures; 

the effect of changes in tax laws and regulations and interpretations thereof; 

our ability to maintain our status as a BDC; 

our ability to maintain our status under Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code as a regulated investment company RIC and our qualification for tax treatment as a RIC; 

actual and potential conflicts of interest with the Investment Adviser and its affiliates; 

the ability of the Investment Adviser to attract and retain highly talented professionals; 

the impact on our business from new or amended legislation or regulations, including the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022; 

the availability of credit and/or our ability to access the equity and capital markets; 

currency fluctuations, particularly to the extent that we receive payments denominated in foreign currency rather than U.S. dollars; 

the impact of rising inflation and the risk of recession on our portfolio companies; 

the effect of global climate change on our portfolio companies; 

the impact of interruptions in the supply chain on our portfolio companies; and 

the increased public scrutiny of and regulation related to corporate social responsibility. 

3 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 PART I. 
 Unless indicated otherwise in this annual report on Form 10-K or the context so requires, the terms Company, we, us or our refer to Goldman Sachs Middle Market Lending Corp. II together with its consolidated subsidiary. The terms GSAM, our Adviser or our Investment Adviser refer to Goldman Sachs Asset Management, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership. The term GS Group Inc. refers to The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. GS Co. refers to Goldman Sachs Co. LLC and its predecessors. The term Goldman Sachs refers to GS Group Inc., together with GS Co., GSAM and its other subsidiaries and affiliates. Goldman Sachs advises clients in many markets and transactions and purchases, sells, holds and recommends a broad array of investments for its own accounts and for the accounts of clients and of its personnel, through client accounts and the relationships and products it sponsors, manages and advises (such Goldman Sachs or other client accounts (including us, Goldman Sachs BDC, Inc. GS BDC ), Goldman Sachs Private Middle Market Credit LLC GS PMMC ), Goldman Sachs Private Middle Market Credit II LLC GS PMMC II and Phillip Street Middle Market Lending Fund LLC PSLF ), relationships and products, collectively, the Accounts ). 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 The Company 
 We are a specialty finance company focused on lending to middle-market companies. We are a closed-end management investment company that has elected to be regulated as a BDC under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ). In addition, we have elected to be treated as a RIC, and we expect to qualify annually for tax treatment as a RIC, commencing with our taxable year ended December 31, 2021. From our commencement of investment operations on October 29, 2021 through December 31, 2022, we have originated 342.74 million in aggregate principal amount of debt and equity investments prior to any subsequent exits and repayments. We seek to generate current income and, to a lesser extent, capital appreciation primarily through direct originations of secured debt, including first lien, unitranche, including last-out portions of such loans, and second lien debt, and unsecured debt, including mezzanine debt, as well as through select equity investments. 
 Unitranche loans are first lien loans that may extend deeper in a borrower s capital structure than traditional first lien debt and may provide for a waterfall of cash flow priority between different lenders in such loan. In a number of instances, we may find another lender to provide the first-out portion of a unitranche loan while we retain the last-out portion of such loan, in which case, the first-out portion of the loan would generally receive priority with respect to the payment of principal, interest and any other amounts due thereunder as compared to the last-out portion that we would continue to hold. In exchange for taking greater risk of loss, the last-out portion generally earns a higher interest rate than the first-out portion of the loan. We use the term mezzanine to refer to debt that ranks senior in right of payment only to a borrower s equity securities and ranks junior in right of payment to all of such borrower s other indebtedness. We may make multiple investments in the same portfolio company. 
 We may also originate covenant-lite loans, which are loans with fewer financial maintenance covenants than other obligations, or no financial maintenance covenants. Such covenant-lite loans may not include terms that allow the lender to monitor the performance of the borrower or to declare a default if certain criteria are breached. These flexible covenants (or the absence of covenants) could permit borrowers to experience a significant downturn in their results of operations without triggering any default that would permit holders of their debt (such as us) to accelerate indebtedness or negotiate terms and pricing. In the event of default, covenant-lite loans may recover less value than traditional loans as the lender may not have the opportunity to negotiate with the borrower prior to such default. 
 We invest primarily in U.S. middle-market companies, which we believe are underserved by traditional providers of capital such as banks and the public debt markets. In this report, we generally use the term middle market companies to refer to companies with between 5 million and 200 million of annual earnings before interest expense, income tax expense, depreciation and amortization EBITDA excluding certain one-time, and non-recurring items that are outside the operations of these companies. However, we may from time to time invest in larger or smaller companies. We generate revenues primarily through receipt of interest income from the investments we hold. In addition, we may generate income from various loan origination and other fees, dividends on direct equity investments and capital gains on the sales of investments. Fees received from portfolio companies (directors fees, consulting fees, administrative fees, tax advisory fees and other similar compensation) are paid to us, unless, to the extent required by applicable law or exemptive relief therefrom, we only receive our allocable portion of such fees when invested in the same portfolio company as another client account managed by our Investment Adviser (including collectively with us, the Accounts). The companies in which we invest use our capital for a variety of purposes, including to support organic growth, fund acquisitions, make capital investments or refinance indebtedness. 
 We expect to directly or indirectly invest at least 70 of our total assets in middle-market companies domiciled in the United States. However, we may from time to time invest opportunistically in large U.S. companies, non-U.S. companies, stressed or distressed debt, structured products, private equity or other opportunities, subject to limits imposed by the Investment Company Act. 
 4 
 
 Table of Contents 
 While our investment program is expected to focus primarily on debt investments, our investments may include equity features, such as a direct investment in the equity or convertible securities of a portfolio company or warrants or options to buy a minority interest in a portfolio company. Any warrants we may receive with debt securities will generally require only a nominal cost to exercise, so as a portfolio company appreciates in value, we may achieve additional investment return from these equity investments. We may structure the warrants to provide provisions protecting our rights as a minority-interest holder, as well as puts, or rights to sell such securities back to the portfolio company, upon the occurrence of specified events. In many cases, we may also obtain registration rights in connection with these equity investments, which may include demand and piggyback registration rights. 
 For a discussion of the competitive landscape we face, please see Item 1A. Risk Factors Competition We operate in a highly competitive market for investment opportunities and Item 1. Business Competitive Advantages. 
 EU Environmental Taxonomy Criteria 
 Our underlying investments do not take into account the EU criteria for environmentally sustainable economic activities. 
 Available Information 
 We file with or submit to the SEC periodic and current reports, proxy statements and other information meeting the informational requirements of the Exchange Act. The SEC maintains an Internet site at http://www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information filed electronically by us with the SEC. Copies of these reports, proxy and information statements and other information may be obtained by electronic request at the following e-mail address: publicinfo@sec.gov. 
 Investment Strategy 
 Our origination strategy focuses on leading the negotiation and structuring of the loans or securities in which we invest and holding the investments in our portfolio to maturity. In many cases, we are the sole investor in the loan or security in our portfolio. Where there are multiple investors, we generally seek to control or obtain significant influence over the rights of investors in the loan or security. We generally seek to make investments that have maturities between three and ten years and range in size between 10 million and 75 million, although we may make larger or smaller investments on occasion. 
 Investment Portfolio 
 Our portfolio (excluding our investment in a money market fund, if any, managed by an affiliate of GS Group Inc.) consisted of the following: 

December 31, 2022 

Amortized Cost 

Fair Value 

in millions) 

First Lien/Senior Secured Debt 

240.89 

239.70 

First Lien/Last-Out Unitranche 

6.35 

6.29 

Preferred Stock 

2.71 

2.83 

Common Stock 

0.67 

0.77 

Warrants 

0.22 

0.07 

Total investments 

250.84 

249.66 

As of December 31, 2022, our portfolio consisted of 97 investments in 34 portfolio companies across 12 different industries. The largest industries in our portfolio, based on fair value as of December 31, 2022, were Diversified Financial Services, Diversified Consumer Services, Software and Health Care Providers Services, which represented 19.7 , 17.1 , 16.2 and 9.2 , respectively, of our portfolio at fair value. 
 
 The geographic composition of our portfolio at fair value as of December 31, 2022 was 80.4 invested in portfolio companies organized in the United States, 14.7 in portfolio companies organized in United Kingdom and 4.9 in portfolio companies organized in Canada. 
 The weighted average yield by asset type of our total portfolio (excluding investments in money market funds, if any), at amortized cost and fair value, was as follows: 

December 31, 2022 

Amortized Cost 

Fair Value 

Weighted Average Yield (1) 

First Lien/Senior Secured Debt (2) 

11.2 

11.3 

First Lien/Last-Out Unitranche (2)(3) 

13.2 

13.2 

Preferred Stock (4) 

Common Stock (4) 

Warrants (4) 

Total Portfolio 

11.1 

11.2 

5 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 (1) The weighted average yield of our portfolio does not represent the total return to our stockholders. 

(2) Computed based on (a) the annual actual interest rate or yield earned plus amortization of fees and discounts on the performing debt and other income producing investments as of the reporting date, divided by (b) the total investments (including investments on non-accrual and non-income producing investments) at amortized cost or fair value. 

(3) The calculation includes incremental yield earned on the last-out portion of the unitranche loan investments. 

(4) Computed based on (a) the stated coupon rate, if any, for each income-producing investment, divided by (b) the total investments (including investments on non-accrual and non-income producing investments) at amortized cost or fair value. 

The following table presents certain selected information regarding our investment portfolio (excluding investments in money market funds, if any): 

December 31, 2022 

Number of portfolio companies 

34 

Percentage of performing debt bearing a floating rate (1) 

100.0 

Percentage of performing debt bearing a fixed rate (1) (2) 

Weighted average leverage (net debt/EBITDA) (3) 

5.7 
 x 

Weighted average interest coverage (3) 

1.7 
 x 

Median EBITDA (3) 

51.54 million 

(1) Measured on a fair value basis. Excludes investments, if any, placed on non-accrual. 

(2) Includes income producing preferred stock investments, if applicable. 

(3) For a particular portfolio company, we calculate the level of contractual indebtedness net of cash net debt owed by the portfolio company and compare that amount to measures of cash flow available to service the net debt. To calculate net debt, we include debt that is both senior and pari passu to the tranche of debt owned by us but exclude debt that is legally and contractually subordinated in ranking to the debt owned by us. We believe this calculation method assists in describing the risk of our portfolio investments, as it takes into consideration contractual rights of repayment of the tranche of debt owned by us relative to other senior and junior creditors of a portfolio company. We typically calculate cash flow available for debt service at a portfolio company by taking EBITDA for the trailing twelve month period. Weighted average net debt to EBITDA is weighted based on the fair value of our debt investments, excluding investments where net debt to EBITDA may not be the appropriate measure of credit risk, such as cash collateralized loans and investments that are underwritten and covenanted based on recurring revenue. 

For a particular portfolio company, we also calculate the level of contractual interest expense owed by the portfolio company, and compare that amount to EBITDA interest coverage ratio ). We believe this calculation method assists in describing the risk of our portfolio investments, as it takes into consideration contractual interest obligations of the portfolio company. Weighted average interest coverage is weighted based on the fair value of our performing debt investments, excluding investments where interest coverage may not be the appropriate measure of credit risk, such as cash collateralized loans and investments that are underwritten and covenanted based on recurring revenue. 
 
 Median EBITDA is based on our debt investments, excluding investments where net debt to EBITDA may not be the appropriate measure of credit risk, such as cash collateralized loans and investments that are underwritten and covenanted based on recurring revenue. 
 
 Portfolio company statistics are derived from the most recently available financial statements of each portfolio company as of the reported end date. Statistics of the portfolio companies have not been independently verified by us and may reflect a normalized or adjusted amount. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, investments where net debt to EBITDA may not be the appropriate measure of credit risk represented 41.4 of total debt investments at fair value. 
 Corporate Structure and Private Offering 
 We were formed as a Delaware limited liability company on February 21, 2020 with the name Goldman Sachs Middle Market Lending LLC II and were converted to a Delaware corporation on November 23, 2021, at which time our name was changed to Goldman Sachs Middle Market Lending Corp. II. We have elected to be regulated as a BDC under the Investment Company Act. In addition, we have elected to be treated as a RIC, and we expect to qualify annually for tax treatment as a RIC, commencing with our taxable year ended December 31, 2021. 
 On October 4, 2021 (the Initial Closing Date ), we began accepting subscription agreements Subscription Agreements from investors acquiring shares of our common stock in our continuous private offering in reliance on exemptions from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). Pursuant to a Subscription Agreement entered into with us, each investor makes a capital commitment (a Commitment to purchase shares of our common stock for an aggregate purchase price equal to equal to its Commitment. Each investor will be required to purchase shares of our common stock (up to the amount of their undrawn Commitment) each time we deliver a drawdown notice to our investors, which will be delivered in respect of such Commitment at least five business days (as defined in Rule 14d-1 of the Exchange Act) Business Days prior to the required funding date (the Drawdown Date ). New shares of common stock will be issued on each Drawdown Date. 
 An affiliate of the Investment Adviser made a capital commitment to us of 100 on October 29, 2021 (commencement of operations) and served as our initial member (the Initial Member ). We cancelled the Initial Member s interest in us on November 23, 2021, the first date on which investors (other than the Initial Member) made their initial capital contribution to purchase shares of our common stock (the Initial Drawdown Date ). 
 6 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Subject to certain limited exceptions under the Investment Company Act, on each Drawdown Date, stockholders will be required to purchase shares of our common stock issued at a price equal to our then-current NAV per share as of the end of the most recent calendar month prior to the date of the applicable drawdown notice or issuance date, subject to the limitations of Section 23 under the Investment Company Act (which generally prohibits us from issuing shares of common stock at a price below the then-current NAV of the common stock as determined within 48 hours, excluding Sundays and holidays, of such issuance, subject to certain exceptions). 
 If a stockholder fails to purchase shares of common stock as part of a capital call or other required payment to us, in part or in full, and such failure remains uncured through the applicable Last Funding Date (the fifth calendar day following a Drawdown Date), such stockholder shall be delinquent in its obligations. Any payments made pursuant to a capital call by such stockholder after the applicable Last Funding Date will be applied to purchase shares of the Company at the next available NAV. With respect to the subsequent capital call with respect to such delinquent stockholder, such delinquent stockholder will be obligated, in addition to purchasing shares of common stock in respect of such subsequent capital call, to purchase shares of common stock in an amount equal to such unfulfilled capital call or other required payment in respect of the prior Last Funding Date, and to the extent such stockholder does not so, he, she or it will be delinquent again in its obligations. 
 If a stockholder is delinquent in funding a required drawdown upon three occasions at any point during the Investment Period (occasions do not have to be consecutive), such Defaulting Stockholder will be in default of its obligations to us and the following remedies shall be imposed on such stockholder: 
 a) the Defaulting Stockholder shall be prohibited from purchasing any additional shares of our common stock or participating in any future capital calls of the Company; and 

b) twenty-five percent (25 of the shares of our common stock then held by the Defaulting Stockholder shall be automatically cancelled or forfeited, without any further action being required by us or the Defaulting Stockholder (which would result in a corresponding increase in the NAV per share of the shares of our common stock held by the stockholders, including the Defaulting Stockholder). 

We held, and expect to hold, a limited number of closings subsequent to the Initial Closing Date (each date on which a subsequent closing was held, a Subsequent Closing Date ). The final date on which we will accept Subscription Agreements will occur no later than twenty-four months following the Initial Closing Date (the Final Closing Date ), provided that our board of directors (the Board of Directors or the Board may extend the Final Closing Date by up to an additional six month period in its discretion. 
 Stockholders are entitled to receive dividends or other distributions declared by the Board and are entitled to one vote for each share of common stock held on all matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders. 
 As of the date indicated, we had aggregate Commitments and undrawn Commitments from investors as follows: 

December 31, 2022 

Capital Commitments in millions) 

Unfunded Capital Commitments in millions) 

of Capital Commitments Funded 

Common Stock 

543.34 

367.88 

32 

The following table summarizes the total shares issued and proceeds received related to capital drawdowns: 

Share Issue Date 
 
 Shares Issued 

Proceeds Received in millions) 

For the year ended December 31, 2022 

March 16, 2022 

1,823,817 

34.05 

July 27, 2022 

856,930 

15.81 

September 19, 2022 

2,069,029 

38.20 

October 19, 2022 

3,024,805 

55.54 

November 16, 2022 

193,341 

3.58 

Total capital drawdowns 

7,967,922 

147.18 

Inclusive of 476 shares that were cancelled as a result of defaulting stockholders. 
 
 Investment Period 
 Our investment period commenced on the Initial Closing Date and will continue until the third anniversary of the Final Closing Date, provided that it may be extended by the Board of Directors, in its discretion, for one additional twelve-month period, and, with the approval of a majority-in-interest of the stockholders, for up to one additional year thereafter (such period, including any extensions, the Investment Period ). In addition, the Board of Directors may terminate the Investment Period at any time in its discretion. Drawdowns may be issued at any time prior to the expiration of the Investment Period for any permitted purpose. 
 7 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Following the end of the Investment Period, we will have the right to issue drawdowns only (i) to pay, and/or establish reserves for, actual or our anticipated expenses, liabilities, including the payment or repayment of Financings (as defined below) or other obligations, contingent or otherwise (including the Management Fee (as defined below), whether incurred before or after the end of the Investment Period, (ii) to fulfill investment commitments made or approved by the BDC Investment Committee (as defined below) prior to the expiration of the Investment Period, (iii) to engage in hedging transactions, or (iv) to make additional investments in existing portfolio companies, which may include new financings of such portfolio companies (each, an Additional Investment (including transactions to hedge interest rate or currency risks related to an Additional Investment). 
 Financings are indebtedness for borrowed money (including through the issuance of notes and other evidence of indebtedness), other indebtedness, financings or extensions of credit. 
 Term 
 If we have not consummated an Exit Event (as defined below), by the sixth anniversary of the Final Closing Date (the Wind-down Determination Date ), our Board of Directors (to the extent consistent with its fiduciary duties and subject to any necessary stockholder approvals and applicable requirements of the Investment Company Act and the Code) will meet to consider our potential wind down and/or liquidation and dissolution. 
 Exit Event means (i) any listing of the Company s shares of common stock on a national securities exchange (a listing ), including in connection with an initial public offering IPO ), (ii) merger with another entity, including an affiliated company, subject to any limitations under the Investment Company Act (a Merger or (iii) the sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company (an Asset Sale ). 
 Repurchase Offers 
 Our Board of Directors expects to consider, in its discretion, offers to repurchase shares of our common stock in an amount of up to 5 of our outstanding shares of common stock (with the exact amount to be set by our Board of Directors) at the end of each quarter following the expiration of the Investment Period and with such offers ending prior to the time of an Exit Event. If we were to engage in a share repurchase offer, our stockholders would be able to tender their shares at a price per share that reflects our NAV per share as of a recent date. Such offers to repurchase shares of our common stock will be subject to, and conducted in accordance with, the applicable requirements of the Exchange Act and the Investment Company Act. To the extent any such repurchase may lead to adverse tax, the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ERISA ), or other regulatory consequences for us or our stockholders, our Board of Directors may determine not to proceed with any such share repurchases. 
 Our Investment Adviser 
 GSAM serves as our Investment Adviser and has been registered as an investment adviser with the SEC since 1990. Subject to the supervision of the Board of Directors, a majority of which is made up of independent directors (including an independent Chairman), GSAM manages our day-to-day operations and provides us with investment advisory and management services and certain administrative services. GSAM is a subsidiary of GS Group Inc., a public company that is a bank holding company (a BHC ), financial holding company (a FHC and a world-wide, full-service financial services organization. GS Group Inc. is the general partner and owner of GSAM. 
 The Goldman Sachs Asset Management Private Credit Team 
 The Goldman Sachs Asset Management Private Credit Team is dedicated to the direct origination investment strategy of the Company and other Accounts that share a similar investment strategy with us. Goldman Sachs Asset Management Private Credit Team is comprised of approximately 185 investment professionals across 15 cities and four continents as of December 31, 2022. Within the Goldman Sachs Asset Management Private Credit Team, approximately 85 private credit investment professionals across six offices in the Americas led by Alex Chi and David Miller, our Co-CEOs and Co-Presidents, oversee and lead our day-to-day portfolio management. The Goldman Sachs Asset Management Private Credit Team is responsible for identifying investment opportunities, conducting research and due diligence on prospective investments, and negotiating, structuring, monitoring, and servicing our investments. In addition, the Investment Adviser and Goldman Sachs have risk management, legal, accounting, tax, information technology and compliance personnel, among other personnel, who provide services to us. We benefit from the expertise provided by these personnel in our operations. 
 The Goldman Sachs Asset Management Private Credit Team utilizes a bottom-up, fundamental research approach to lending. The managing directors of this team had an average industry experience of over 19 years coupled with an average tenure at Goldman Sachs of over 11 years as of December 31, 2022. 
 8 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Investment Committee 
 All investment decisions are made by the investment committee of the Goldman Sachs Asset Management Private Credit Team that focuses on regulated fund investments (the BDC Investment Committee ). The BDC Investment Committee currently consists of the following members: Justin Betzen, Alex Chi, David Miller, James Reynolds, Kevin Sterling and Greg Watts, along with members from Goldman Sachs s Compliance, Legal, Tax and Controllers groups. The BDC Investment Committee is responsible for approving all of our investments. The BDC Investment Committee also monitors investments in our portfolio and approves all asset dispositions. We expect to benefit from the extensive and varied relevant experience of the investment professionals serving on the BDC Investment Committee, which includes expertise in privately originated and publicly traded leveraged credit, stressed and distressed debt, bankruptcy, mergers and acquisitions and private equity. The size, membership, authority and voting rights of members of the BDC Investment Committee are subject to change from time to time without prior notice 
 The purpose of our BDC Investment Committee is to evaluate and approve, as deemed appropriate, all investments by our Investment Adviser. Our BDC Investment Committee process is intended to bring the diverse experience and perspectives of our BDC Investment Committee s members to the analysis and consideration of every investment. Our BDC Investment Committee also serves to provide investment consistency and adherence to our Investment Adviser s investment philosophies and policies. Our BDC Investment Committee also determines appropriate investment sizing and suggests ongoing monitoring requirements. 
 Investments 
 We seek to create a portfolio that includes primarily direct originations of secured debt, including first lien, unitranche, including last-out portions of such loans, and second lien debt, and unsecured debt, including mezzanine debt, as well as through select equity investments. We expect to make investments through both primary originations and open-market secondary purchases. We currently do not limit our focus to any specific industry. If we are successful in achieving our investment objective, we believe that we will be able to provide our stockholders with consistent dividend distributions and attractive risk adjusted total returns. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our portfolio (which term does not include our investments in money market funds, if any) on a fair value basis, was comprised of approximately 98.5 secured debt investments (96.0 in first lien debt (including 2.5 in first lien/last-out unitranche loans), 1.1 in preferred stock, 0.3 in common stock and 0.1 in warrants. We expect that our portfolio will continue to include secured debt, including first lien, unitranche, including last-out portions of such loans, and second lien debt, unsecured debt (including mezzanine debt) and, to a lesser extent, equities. In addition to investments in U.S. middle-market companies, we may invest a portion of our capital in opportunistic investments, such as in large U.S. companies, foreign companies, stressed or distressed debt, structured products or private equity. Such investments are intended to enhance our risk adjusted returns to stockholders, and the proportion of these types of investments will change over time given our views on, among other things, the economic and credit environment in which we are operating, although these types of investments generally will constitute less than 30 of our total assets. 
 In the future, we may also securitize a portion of our investments in any or all of our assets. We expect that our primary use of funds will be to make investments in portfolio companies, distribute cash to holders of our common stock and pay our operating expenses, including debt service to the extent we borrow or issue senior securities to fund our investments. 
 In certain circumstances, we can make negotiated co-investments pursuant to an order from the SEC permitting us to do so. On November 16, 2022, the SEC granted to the Investment Adviser, the BDCs advised by the Investment Adviser and certain other affiliated applicants exemptive relief on which we expect to rely to co-invest alongside certain other Accounts, which may include proprietary accounts of Goldman Sachs, in a manner consistent with our investment objectives and strategies, certain Board-established criteria, the conditions of such exemptive relief and other pertinent factors (the Relief ). Additionally, if our Investment Adviser forms other funds in the future, we may co-invest alongside such other affiliates, subject to compliance with the Relief, applicable regulations and regulatory guidance, as well as applicable allocation procedures. As a result of the Relief, there could be significant overlap in our investment portfolio and the investment portfolios of other Accounts, including, in some cases, proprietary accounts of Goldman Sachs. 
 In addition, we have filed an application to amend the Relief to permit us to participate in follow-on investments in our existing portfolio companies with certain affiliates covered by the Relief if such affiliates, that are not BDCs or registered investment companies, did not have an investment in such existing portfolio company. There can be no assurance if and when we will receive the amended exemptive order. 
 Investment Criteria 
 We are committed to a value-oriented philosophy implemented by our Investment Adviser, which manages our portfolio and seeks to minimize the risk of capital loss without foregoing the potential for capital appreciation. We have identified several criteria, discussed below, that GSAM believes are important in identifying and investing in prospective portfolio companies. 
 These criteria provide general guidelines for our investment decisions. However, not all of these criteria will be met by each prospective portfolio company in which we choose to invest. Generally, we seek to use our experience and access to market information to identify investment candidates and to structure investments quickly and effectively. 
 Value orientation and positive cash flow. Our investment philosophy places a premium on fundamental analysis and has a distinct value orientation. We focus on companies in which we can invest at relatively low multiples of operating cash flow and that are profitable at the time of investment on an operating cash flow basis. Typically, we do not expect to invest in start-up companies or companies having speculative business plans. 

9 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Experienced management and established financial sponsor relationships. We generally require that our portfolio companies have an experienced management team. We also require the portfolio companies to have proper incentives in place for management to succeed and to act in concert with our interests as investors. In addition, we focus our investments in companies backed by strong financial sponsors that have a history of creating value and with whom members of our Investment Adviser have an established relationship. 

Strong and defensible competitive market position. We seek to invest in target companies that have developed leading market positions within their respective markets and are well-positioned to capitalize on growth opportunities. We also seek companies that demonstrate significant competitive advantages versus their competitors, which should help to protect their market position and profitability while enabling us to protect our principal and avoid capital losses. 

Viable exit strategy. We seek to invest in companies that GSAM believes will provide a steady stream of cash flow to repay our loans and reinvest in their respective businesses. We expect that such internally generated cash flow, leading to the payment of interest on, and the repayment of the principal of, our investments in portfolio companies to be a key means by which we exit from our investments over time. In addition, we also seek to invest in companies whose business models and expected future cash flows offer attractive exit possibilities. These companies include candidates for strategic acquisition by other industry participants and companies that may repay our investments through an initial public offering of common stock or other capital markets transactions. 

Due diligence. Our Investment Adviser takes a bottom-up, fundamental research approach to our potential investments. It believes it is critical to conduct extensive due diligence on investment targets and in evaluating new investments. Our Investment Adviser conducts a rigorous due diligence process that is applied to prospective portfolio companies and draws from its experience, industry expertise and network of contacts. In conducting due diligence, our Investment Adviser uses information provided by companies, financial sponsors and publicly available information as well as information from relationships with former and current management teams, consultants, competitors and investment bankers. 

Our due diligence typically includes, but is not limited to: 
 review of historical and prospective financial information; 

review of the capital structure; 

analysis of the business and industry in which the company operates; 

on-site visits; 

interviews with management, employees, customers and vendors of the potential portfolio company; 

review of loan documents; 

background checks; and 

research relating to the portfolio company s management, industry, markets, products and services and competitors. 

The Investment Adviser may integrate ESG risk considerations within its process for originating loans to U.S. middle market companies, investing directly in middle market credit obligations and related instruments. As part of its due diligence process, the Investment Adviser may consider, alongside other relevant factors, ESG risks, events or conditions that have or could have a material negative impact on the operating and performance metrics of these borrowers in the portfolio. Depending on the circumstances, examples of ESG risks can include physical environmental risks, climate change transition risks, supply chain disruptions, improper labor practices, lack of board diversity and corruption. The Investment Adviser may utilize proprietary research to assess ESG risks that are relevant to our investment. 
 Upon the completion of due diligence and a decision to proceed with an investment in a company, the team leading the investment presents the investment opportunity to our BDC Investment Committee. This committee determines whether to pursue the potential investment. All new investments are required to be reviewed by the BDC Investment Committee. The members of the BDC Investment Committee are employees of our Investment Adviser and they do not receive separate compensation from us or our Investment Adviser for serving on the BDC Investment Committee. 
 Additional due diligence with respect to any investment may be conducted on our behalf (and at our expense) by attorneys prior to the closing of the investment, as well as other outside advisers, as appropriate. 
 Investment Structure 
 Once we determine that a prospective portfolio company is suitable for investment, we work with the management of that company and its other capital providers, including senior, junior and equity capital providers, to structure an investment. We negotiate among these parties and use creative and flexible approaches to structure our investment relative to the other capital in the portfolio company s capital structure. 
 We expect our secured debt to have terms of approximately three to ten years. We generally obtain security interests in the assets of our portfolio companies that will serve as collateral in support of the repayment of this debt. This collateral may take the form of first or second priority liens on the assets of a portfolio company. 
 We use the term mezzanine to refer to debt that ranks senior only to a borrower s equity securities and ranks junior in right of payment to all of such borrower s other indebtedness. Mezzanine debt typically has interest-only payments in the early years, payable in cash or in-kind, with amortization of principal deferred to the later years of the mezzanine debt. In some cases, we may enter into mezzanine debt that, by its terms, converts into equity (or is issued along with warrants for equity) or additional debt securities or defers payments of interest for the first few years after our investment. Typically, our mezzanine debt investments have maturities of three to ten years. 
 10 
 
 Table of Contents 
 We also invest in unitranche loans, which are loans that combine features of first-lien, second-lien and mezzanine debt, generally in a first-lien position. In a number of instances, we may find another lender to provide the first-out portion of such loan and retain the last-out portion of such loan, in which case, the first-out portion of the loan would generally receive priority with respect to payment of principal, interest and other amounts due thereunder over the last-out portion that we would continue to hold. 
 In the case of our secured debt and unsecured debt, including mezzanine debt investments, we seek to tailor the terms of the investments to the facts and circumstances of the transactions and the prospective portfolio companies, negotiating a structure that protects our rights and manages our risk while creating incentives for the portfolio companies to achieve their business plan and improve their profitability. For example, in addition to seeking a senior position in the capital structure of our portfolio companies, we seek to limit the downside potential of our investments by: 
 requiring a total return on our investments (including both interest and potential equity appreciation) that compensates us for credit risk; 

incorporating put rights and call protection into the investment structure; and 

negotiating covenants in connection with our investments that afford our portfolio companies as much flexibility in managing their businesses as possible, consistent with preservation of our capital. Such restrictions may include affirmative and negative covenants, default penalties, lien protection, change of control provisions and board rights, including either observation or participation rights. 

Our investments may include equity features, such as direct investments in the equity or convertible securities of portfolio companies or warrants or options to buy a minority interest in a portfolio company. Any warrants we may receive with our debt securities generally require only a nominal cost to exercise, so as a portfolio company appreciates in value, we may achieve additional investment return from these equity investments. We may structure the warrants to provide provisions protecting our rights as a minority-interest holder, as well as puts, or rights to sell such securities back to the company, upon the occurrence of specified events. In many cases, we may also obtain registration rights in connection with these equity investments, which may include demand and piggyback registration rights. 
 We expect to hold most of our investments to maturity or repayment, but may sell certain investments earlier if a liquidity event takes place, such as the sale or refinancing of a portfolio company. We also may turn over our investments to better position the portfolio as market conditions change. 
 Allocation of Investment Opportunities 
 Our investment objectives and investment strategies are similar to those of other Accounts, and an investment opportunity appropriate for us may also be appropriate for such other Accounts (which may include proprietary accounts of Goldman Sachs). This creates potential conflicts in allocating investment opportunities among us and such other Accounts, particularly in circumstances where the availability of such investment opportunities is limited, where the liquidity of such investment opportunities is limited or where co-investments by us and such other Accounts are not permitted under applicable law. 
 To address these and other potential conflicts, a selection of which are outlined below, the Investment Adviser has developed allocation policies and procedures that provide that personnel of the Investment Adviser making portfolio decisions for Accounts will make purchase and sale decisions and allocate investment opportunities among Accounts consistent with its fiduciary obligations. To the extent permitted by applicable law, these policies and procedures may result in the pro rata allocation of limited opportunities across eligible Accounts managed by a particular portfolio management team, but in many other cases, the allocations may reflect numerous other factors as described below. There will be cases where certain Accounts receive an allocation of an investment opportunity when we do not, and vice versa. 
 In some cases, due to information barriers that may be in place, other Accounts may compete with us for specific investment opportunities without being aware that we are competing against each other. Goldman Sachs has a conflicts system in place, in addition to these information barriers to identify potential conflicts early in the process and determine if an allocation decision needs to be made. If the conflicts system detects a potential conflict with respect to a particular investment opportunity, such investment opportunity will be assessed to determine whether it must be allocated to, or prohibited from being allocated to, a particular Account. 
 Personnel of the Investment Adviser involved in decision-making for Accounts may make allocation-related decisions in accordance with the Investment Adviser s allocation policies and procedures for us and for other Accounts by reference to one or more factors, including but not limited to: the strategy, objectives, guidelines and restrictions (including legal and regulatory restrictions) of potentially in-scope Accounts, as well as those Accounts current portfolios and investment horizons; strategic fit and other portfolio management considerations, including different desired levels of investment for different strategies; the expected future capacity of the potentially in-scope Accounts; cash and liquidity considerations; and the availability of other appropriate investment opportunities. The Investment Adviser may also consider reputational matters and other factors. The application of these considerations may cause differences in the portfolios and performance of different Accounts that have similar strategies. In addition, in some cases the Investment Adviser may make investment recommendations to Accounts where the Accounts make the investment independently of the Investment Adviser, which may result in a reduction in the availability of the investment opportunity for other Accounts (including us), irrespective of the Investment Adviser s policies regarding allocation of investments. Additional information about the Investment Adviser s allocation policies is set forth in Item 6 Performance-Based Fees and Side-by-Side Management Side-By-Side Management of Advisory Accounts; Allocation of Opportunities of the Investment Adviser s Form ADV. 
 11 
 
 Table of Contents 
 The Investment Adviser, including the Goldman Sachs Asset Management Private Credit Team, may develop and implement new trading strategies or seek to participate in new investment opportunities and strategies. These opportunities and strategies may not be employed in all Accounts even if the opportunity or strategy is consistent with the objectives of such Accounts. 
 During periods of unusual market conditions, the Investment Adviser may deviate from its normal trade allocation practices. For example, this may occur with respect to the management of unlevered and/or long-only Accounts that are typically managed on a side-by-side basis with levered and/or long-short Accounts. 
 We may or may not receive opportunities referred by Goldman Sachs businesses and affiliates, but in no event do we have any rights with respect to such opportunities. Subject to applicable law, including the Investment Company Act, such opportunities or any portion thereof may be offered to other Accounts, Goldman Sachs, certain of our investors, or such other persons or entities as determined by Goldman Sachs in its sole discretion. We will have no rights and will not receive any compensation related to such opportunities. Certain of such opportunities may be referred to us by employees or other personnel of Goldman Sachs, or by third parties. If we invest in any such opportunities, Goldman Sachs, may be entitled, to the extent permitted by applicable law, including the limitations set forth in Section 57(k) of the Investment Company Act, to receive compensation from us or from the borrowers in connection with such investments. Any compensation we pay in connection with such referrals will be an operating expense and will accordingly be borne by us (and will not serve to offset any Management Fee (as defined below) or Incentive Fee (as defined below) payable to the Investment Adviser). 
 In connection with certain of our investments, the Investment Adviser may determine that the appropriate amount to allocate to us and other Accounts may be less than the full amount of the investment opportunity, due to considerations related to, among other things, diversification, portfolio management, leverage management, investment profile, risk tolerance or other exposure guidelines or limitations, cash flow or other considerations. In such situations, excess amounts that can be allocated may be offered to other persons or entities. Subject to applicable law, such opportunities may be structured as an investment alongside us or as a purchase of a portion of the investment from us (through a syndication, participation or otherwise). 
 In all cases, subject to applicable law, the Investment Adviser has broad discretion in determining to whom and in what relative amounts to offer such opportunities, and factors the Investment Adviser may take into account, in its sole discretion, include whether such potential recipient is able to assist or provide a benefit to us in connection with the potential transaction or otherwise, whether the Investment Adviser believes the potential recipient is able to execute a transaction quickly, whether the potential recipient is expected to provide expertise or other advantages in connection with a particular investment, whether the Investment Adviser is aware of such potential recipient s expertise or interest in these types of opportunities generally or in a subset of such opportunities or, the potential recipient s target investment sizing. Recipients of these opportunities may, in accordance with applicable law, include one or more of our investors, one or more investors in other funds managed by the Goldman Sachs Asset Management Private Credit Team, clients or potential clients of Goldman Sachs, or funds or Accounts established for any such persons. These opportunities may give rise to potential conflicts of interest. These opportunities will be offered to the recipients thereof on such terms as the Investment Adviser determines in its sole discretion, subject to applicable law, including on a no-fee basis or at prices higher or lower than those paid by us. As a result of these and other reasons, returns with respect to an opportunity may exceed investors returns with respect to our investment in the same opportunity. 
 Transactions with affiliates. We are prohibited under the Investment Company Act from participating in certain transactions with our affiliates without the prior approval of our Independent Directors (as defined in Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance and, in some cases, of the SEC. Any person that owns, directly or indirectly, five percent or more of our outstanding voting securities will be an affiliate of the Company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, and we are generally prohibited from buying or selling any assets from or to, or entering into certain joint transactions (which could include investments in the same portfolio company) with such affiliates, absent the prior approval of the Independent Directors. The Investment Adviser and its affiliates, including persons that control, or are under common control with, the Company or the Investment Adviser, are also considered to be our affiliates under the Investment Company Act, and we are generally prohibited from buying or selling any assets from or to, or entering into joint transactions with, such affiliates without exemptive relief from the SEC. 
 Co-Investments Alongside Goldman Sachs and Other Accounts, and the Relief. Subject to applicable law, we may invest alongside Goldman Sachs and other Accounts. In certain circumstances, we and such other Accounts (which may include proprietary accounts of Goldman Sachs) can make negotiated co-investments pursuant to an order from the SEC permitting us to do so. On November 16, 2022, the SEC granted the Relief to the Investment Adviser, the BDCs advised by the Investment Adviser, and certain other affiliated applicants. Additionally, if our Investment Adviser forms other funds in the future, we may co-invest alongside such other affiliates, subject to compliance with the Relief, applicable regulations and regulatory guidance, as well as applicable allocation procedures. Any such co-investments are subject to certain conditions, including that co-investments are made in a manner consistent with our investment objectives and strategies, certain Board-established criteria, and the other applicable conditions of the Relief. Under the terms of the Relief, a required majority (as defined in Section 57(o) of the Investment Company Act) of our Independent Directors must reach certain conclusions in connection with a co-investment transaction, including that: (i) the terms of the proposed transaction are reasonable and fair to us and our stockholders and do not involve overreaching in respect of us or our stockholders on the part of any person concerned; and (ii) the transaction is consistent with the interests of our stockholders and is consistent with our then-current investment objectives and strategies. 
 As a result of the Relief, there could be significant overlap in our investment portfolio and the investment portfolios of other Accounts, including, in some cases, proprietary accounts of Goldman Sachs. 
 12 
 
 Table of Contents 
 If the Investment Adviser identifies an investment and we are unable to rely on the Relief for that particular opportunity, the Investment Adviser will be required to determine which Accounts should make the investment at the potential exclusion of other Accounts. In such circumstances, the Investment Adviser will adhere to its investment allocation policy in order to determine the Account to which to allocate investment opportunities. Accordingly, it is possible that we may not be given the opportunity to participate in investments made by other Accounts. 
 We may invest alongside other Accounts advised by the Investment Adviser and its affiliates in certain circumstances where doing so is consistent with applicable law and SEC staff guidance and interpretations. For example, we may invest alongside such Accounts consistent with guidance promulgated by the staff of the SEC permitting us and such other Accounts to purchase interests in a single class of privately placed securities so long as certain conditions are met, including that the Investment Adviser, acting on our behalf and on behalf of its other clients, negotiates no term other than price. We may also invest alongside the Investment Adviser s other clients as otherwise permissible under SEC staff guidance and interpretations, applicable regulations and the allocation policy of the Investment Adviser. 
 In addition, we have filed an application to amend the Relief to permit us to participate in follow-on investments in our existing portfolio companies with certain affiliates covered by the Relief if such affiliates, that are not BDCs or registered investment companies, did not have an investment in such existing portfolio company. There can be no assurance if and when we will receive the amended exemptive order. 
 For a further explanation of the allocation of opportunities and other conflicts and the risks related thereto, please see Item 1A. Risk Factors Our Business and Structure Potential conflicts of interest with other businesses of Goldman Sachs could impact our investment returns. 
 Expenses are generally allocated to Accounts (including to us) based on whose behalf the expenses are incurred. Where we and one or more other Accounts participate in a particular investment or collectively incur other expenses, the Investment Adviser generally allocates investment-related and other expenses in a manner the Investment Adviser determines to be fair and equitable, which may be pro rata or on a different basis. 
 We and other Accounts may contract for and incur expenses in connection with certain services provided by third parties, including valuation agents, rating agencies, attorneys, accountants and other professional service providers, while other Accounts that did not contract for such services may not incur such expenses even though they directly or indirectly receive benefit from such services. For example, the work of valuation firms retained by the Company at the request of the Board benefit certain Accounts that invest in the same assets as the Company, but because such other Accounts did not request such services, they are not allocated any costs associated therewith. While it is generally expected that the Accounts requesting third-party services will bear the full expense associated therewith, GSAM may in its sole discretion determine to bear the portion of such expenses that would be allocable to the non-requesting Accounts had such Accounts requested the services. 
 
 13 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Market Opportunity 
 The Goldman Sachs Asset Management Private Credit Team believes there is an attractive investment opportunity to invest in U.S. middle-market companies. Specifically: 
 
 The middle-market represents a large target market opportunity. According to the National Center for the Middle Market and the CIA World Factbook, the U.S. middle market is composed of approximately 200,000 companies that represent approximately 33 of the private sector gross domestic product, employing approximately 48 million people. 1 The Goldman Sachs Asset Management Private Credit Team believes that there is an attractive investment environment for BDCs to provide loans to U.S. middle market companies. 

There have been secular changes in ownership structures of middle-market companies. The Goldman Sachs Asset Management Private Credit Team has observed a transformation in the ownership structures of private and public companies. The number of U.S. private-equity companies is at its highest level since 2000. Conversely, the number of listed U.S. domestic companies has dramatically declined over the same time period, yet the average market capitalization of listed U.S. companies has grown. The Goldman Sachs Asset Management Private Credit Team believes that this has resulted in a shift in the ownership of middle-market companies and thus has created a larger market opportunity for us to provide debt capital to the companies that we expect to target. 

There is a large amount of un-invested private equity capital for middle-market companies. There is a large amount of un-invested private equity capital for North America buyout funds. The Goldman Sachs Asset Management Private Credit Team believes this creates additional capacity for us as the Goldman Sachs Asset Management Private Credit Team expects private equity firms will seek to leverage their investments by combining equity capital with debt capital. 

Changes in business strategy by banks have further reduced the supply of capital to middle-market companies. The trend of consolidation of regional banks into money center banks has reduced the focus of these businesses on middle-market lending. Money center banks traditionally focus on lending and providing other services to large corporate clients to whom they can deploy larger amounts of capital more efficiently. The Goldman Sachs Asset Management Private Credit Team believes that this has resulted in fewer bank lenders to U.S. middle-market companies and reduced the availability of debt capital to the companies that we expect to target. 

The capital markets have been unable to fill the void in middle-market finance left by banks. While underwritten bond and syndicated loan markets have been robust in recent years, middle-market companies are rarely able to access these markets as participants are generally highly focused on the liquidity characteristics of the bond or loan being issued. For example, mutual funds and exchange traded funds ETFs are significant buyers of underwritten bonds and broadly syndicated loans. However, mutual funds and ETFs generally require the ability to liquidate their investments quickly in order to fund investor redemptions. Accordingly, the existence of an active secondary market for their investments is an important consideration in the initial investment decision. Because there is typically no active secondary market for the debt of U.S. middle-market companies, mutual funds and ETFs generally do not provide capital to U.S. middle-market companies. The Goldman Sachs Asset Management Private Credit Team believes that this is likely to be a persistent problem for the capital markets and creates an advantage for investors like us who have a more stable capital base and can therefore invest in illiquid assets. 

It is difficult for new lending platforms to enter the middle market and fill the capital void because it is very fragmented. While the middle market is a very large component of the U.S. economy, it is a highly fragmented space with thousands of companies operating in many different geographies and industries. Typically, companies that need capital find lenders and investors based on pre-existing relationships, referrals and word of mouth. Developing the many relationships and wide-spread recognition required to become a source of capital to the middle market is a time consuming, highly resource-intensive endeavor. As a result, the Goldman Sachs Asset Management Private Credit Team believes that it is difficult for new lending platforms to successfully enter the middle market, thereby providing insulation from rapid shifts in the supply of capital to the middle market that might otherwise disrupt pricing of capital. 

_________________________________________________________________________________________________________________ 
 1 As of year-end December 2022 according to the National Center for the Middle Market, which defined middle market as companies with annual revenue of 10 million 1 billion. See http://www.middlemarketcenter.org (relying on data from the CIA World Factbook, available at https://www.cia.gov/the-world-factbook/). These websites are not incorporated by reference into this annual report on Form 10-K and you should not consider information contained on these websites to be part of this annual report on Form 10-K or any other report we file with the SEC. 

14 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Competitive Advantages 
 GS Group Inc. is a leading global financial institution that provides a broad range of financial services to a substantial and diversified client base, including companies and high-net-worth individuals, among others. The firm is headquartered in New York, and maintains offices across the United States and in all major financial centers around the world. Goldman Sachs, with approximately 2.55 trillion in firmwide assets under supervision as of December 31, 2022, provides investment management services to a diverse set of clients worldwide, including private institutions, public entities and individuals. 
 Within GSAM, the Goldman Sachs Asset Management Private Credit Team is the primary center for private credit investing. Since 1996, Goldman Sachs Asset Management Private Credit and its predecessors have invested over 170 billion, leveraging Goldman Sachs Asset Management Private Credit s deep expertise and long-standing relationships with financial sponsors, companies, investors, entrepreneurs and financial intermediaries globally. Goldman Sachs Asset Management Private Credit invests across senior credit, mezzanine, hybrid capital and asset finance strategies and has significant experience investing in debt instruments across industries, geographic regions, economic cycles and financing structures. 
 Our investment strategy is consistent with that of the broader Goldman Sachs Asset Management Private Credit platform, with a focus on capital preservation and capital appreciation and includes: 
 
 Leveraging Goldman Sachs Asset Management Private Credit s position within GSAM: The Goldman Sachs Asset Management Private Credit Team, which is responsible for sourcing, diligencing, negotiating, structuring, monitoring and harvesting investment opportunities for the Company, is able to draw on the broader Goldman Sachs platform, network and relationships across the investment lifecycle to identify potentially attractive opportunities. Goldman Sachs is a leading global financial services firm and one of the world s most experienced alternatives investors, and we expect to benefit not only from the Goldman Sachs network and relationships to identify potentially attractive opportunities, but also from a broad range of other resources offered by Goldman Sachs, including market insights, structuring capabilities and industry experts whose insights can enhance due diligence, structuring and investment monitoring processes. 

Direct origination with borrowers: Goldman Sachs Asset Management Private Credit believes that evaluating investment opportunities through direct discussions with borrowers leads to a better understanding of the underlying drivers of performance and business risks. Goldman Sachs Asset Management Private Credit s direct origination platform has been developed over its more-than-25-year history of private credit investing and includes approximately 185 investment professionals across 15 cities and four continents as of December 2022. Goldman Sachs Asset Management Private Credit s investment team s local relationships with companies, private equity sponsors and advisors combined with deep industry expertise provides us with access to a wide range of opportunities and allows us to gain early and direct access to due diligence materials and management teams. We will seek to lead the structuring and negotiation of the loans or securities in which it invests with a collaborative, solutions-oriented approach. 

Prudent investment selection with intensive due diligence and credit analysis: We believe that Goldman Sachs Asset Management Private Credit s substantial flow of potential investment opportunities, in combination with diligence practices developed over its more-than-25-year history of private credit investing, will enable us to invest in and selectively develop a diversified portfolio of high-quality companies. Goldman Sachs Asset Management Private Credit s seasoned team and underwriting approach reflects deep sector expertise and seeks to identify attractive trends and pursue investments accordingly, through its approach to fundamental credit analysis driven by intensive investment research. 

Provision of large-sized commitments: We believe that Goldman Sachs Asset Management Private Credit s capability to hold large-sized, directly originated investments drives our ability to source, negotiate and commit capital in attractive opportunities. We intend to invest substantially alongside institutional and retail-focused private credit Accounts, which may include proprietary accounts of Goldman Sachs, which we believe will provide us with access to a wide range of opportunities, and allow us to commit to larger investment across the GSAM platform. 

Structuring expertise with a focus on risk mitigation: Goldman Sachs Asset Management Private Credit has significant structuring capabilities with a seasoned team of investment professionals, including the Private Credit Investment Committee (as defined below), who have over 20 years of experience on average. We seek to mitigate risk by investing primarily in senior secured debt, which is secured by a collateral package that often results in a higher rate of recovery in the event of default as compared to unsecured and subordinated investments. Senior secured debt has favorable characteristics that typically include a senior ranking in the capital structure of the borrower with priority of repayment, security of collateral and protective contractual rights that may include affirmative and negative covenants that restrict the borrower s ability to incur additional indebtedness, make restricted payments or execute other transactions or implement changes that may be negative to lenders. In addition, Goldman Sachs Asset Management Private Credit has experience investing across the capital structure, which will enable us to consider different investment structures and expand our opportunity funnel. 

Rigorous portfolio management: Goldman Sachs Asset Management Private Credit s active approach to portfolio management centers on team continuity through the lifecycle of an investment, from sourcing and underwriting through investment monitoring and maturity. Investment professionals actively monitor portfolio companies operations and financial condition, and senior secured loan agreements typically provide for regular reporting which includes borrower performance, compliance and notification of adverse events. We believe the Goldman Sachs platform adds additional value to our portfolio companies through its extensive network, research capabilities and connectivity across the global capital markets. 

15 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Focus on companies with attractive business fundamentals: Capital preservation is central to our investment strategy. Generally, we will seek to target companies with the following characteristics: (i) strong and defensible market positions, (ii) stable or growing revenues and free cash flow, (iii) attractive business models, (iv) experienced and well-regarded management teams, (v) reputable private equity or private family sponsors, as applicable, (vi) a meaningful amount of equity cushion or junior capital (i.e., any equity or debt in the capital structure that is subordinated to our investment), and (vii) viable exit strategies. We intend to make investments in companies located primarily in the United States. 

Operating and Regulatory Structure 
 We have elected to be treated as a BDC under the Investment Company Act. As a BDC, we are generally prohibited from acquiring assets other than qualifying assets unless, after giving effect to any acquisition, at least 70 of our total assets are qualifying assets. Qualifying assets generally include securities of eligible portfolio companies, cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities and high-quality debt instruments maturing in one year or less from the time of investment. Under the rules of the Investment Company Act, eligible portfolio companies include (i) private U.S. operating companies, (ii) public U.S. operating companies whose securities are not listed on a national securities exchange (e.g., the New York Stock Exchange) or registered under the Exchange Act, and (iii) public U.S. operating companies having a market capitalization of less than 250 million. Public U.S. operating companies whose securities are quoted on the over-the-counter bulletin board and through OTC Markets are not listed on a national securities exchange and therefore are eligible portfolio companies. In addition, we currently are an emerging growth company, as defined in the JOBS Act. See Qualifying Assets. 
 We have elected to be treated as a RIC, and we expect to qualify annually for tax treatment as a RIC, commencing with our taxable year ended December 31, 2021. As a RIC, we generally will not be required to pay corporate-level U.S. federal income taxes on any net ordinary income or capital gains that we timely distribute to our stockholders as dividends if we meet certain source of income, distribution, and asset diversification requirements. We intend to timely distribute to our stockholders substantially all of our annual taxable income for each year, except that we may retain certain net capital gains for reinvestment and we may choose to carry forward taxable income for distribution in the following year and pay any applicable tax. In addition, the distributions we pay to our stockholders in a year may exceed our net ordinary income and capital gains for that year and, accordingly, a portion of such distributions may constitute a return of capital for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
 Ongoing Relationships with Portfolio Companies 
 Monitoring 
 Our Investment Adviser monitors our portfolio companies on an ongoing basis. It monitors the financial trends of each portfolio company to determine if they are meeting their respective business plans and to assess the appropriate course of action for each company. Our Investment Adviser has several methods of evaluating and monitoring the performance and fair value of our investments, which may include the following: 
 assessment of success in adhering to the portfolio company s business plan and compliance with covenants; 

periodic or regular contact with portfolio company management and, if appropriate, the financial or strategic sponsor to discuss financial position, requirements and accomplishments; 

comparisons to our other portfolio companies in the industry, if any; 

attendance at and participation in board meetings or presentations by portfolio companies; and 

review of monthly and quarterly financial statements and financial projections of portfolio companies. 

As part of the monitoring process, our Investment Adviser also employs an investment rating system to categorize our investments. In addition to various risk management and monitoring tools, our Investment Adviser grades the credit risk of all investments on a scale of 1 to 4 no less frequently than quarterly. This system is intended primarily to reflect the underlying risk of a portfolio investment relative to our initial cost basis in respect of such portfolio investment (i.e., at the time of origination or acquisition), although it may also take into account in certain circumstances the performance of the portfolio company s business, the collateral coverage of the investment and other relevant factors. The grading system is as follows: 
 Grade 1 investments involve the least amount of risk to our initial cost basis. The trends and risk factors for this investment since origination or acquisition are generally favorable, which may include the performance of the portfolio company or a potential exit; 

Grade 2 investments involve a level of risk to our initial cost basis that is similar to the risk to our initial cost basis at the time of origination or acquisition. This portfolio company is generally performing as expected and the risk factors to our ability to ultimately recoup the cost of our investment are neutral to favorable. All investments or acquired investments in new portfolio companies are initially assessed a grade of 2; 

Grade 3 investments indicate that the risk to our ability to recoup the initial cost basis of such investment has increased materially since origination or acquisition, including as a result of factors such as declining performance and non-compliance with debt covenants; however, payments are generally not more than 120 days past due; and 

Grade 4 investments indicate that the risk to our ability to recoup the initial cost basis of such investment has substantially increased since origination or acquisition, and the portfolio company likely has materially declining performance. For debt investments with an investment grade of 4, in most cases, most or all of the debt covenants are out of compliance and payments are substantially delinquent. For investments graded 4, it is anticipated that we will not recoup our initial cost basis and may realize a substantial loss of our initial cost basis upon exit. 

16 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Our Investment Adviser grades the investments in our portfolio at least quarterly, and it is possible that the grade of a portfolio investment may be reduced or increased over time. For investments graded 3 or 4, our Investment Adviser enhances its level of scrutiny over the monitoring of such portfolio company. 
 Managerial Assistance 
 As a BDC, we must offer, and must provide upon request, significant managerial assistance to certain of our eligible portfolio companies within the meaning of Section 55 of the Investment Company Act. This assistance could involve, among other things, monitoring the operations of our portfolio companies, participating in board and management meetings, consulting with and advising officers of portfolio companies and providing other organizational and financial guidance. Our Investment Adviser or an affiliate thereof may provide such managerial assistance on our behalf to portfolio companies that request such assistance. We may receive fees for these services. See Managerial Assistance to portfolio companies. 
 Competition 
 Our primary competitors provide financing to middle-market companies and include other BDCs, commercial and investment banks, commercial financing companies, collateralized loan obligations CLOs ), private funds, including hedge funds, and, to the extent they provide an alternative form of financing, private equity funds. Some of our existing and potential competitors are substantially larger and have considerably greater financial, technical and marketing resources than we do. For example, some competitors may have a lower cost of funds and access to funding sources that are not available to us. 
 In addition, some of our competitors may have higher risk tolerances or different risk assessments, which could allow them to consider a wider variety of investments and establish more relationships than us. Furthermore, many of our competitors are not subject to the regulatory restrictions that the Investment Company Act imposes on us as a BDC. 
 While we expect to use the industry information of GSAM s investment professionals to which we have access to assess investment risks and determine appropriate pricing for our investments in portfolio companies, we do not seek to compete primarily based on the interest rates we offer and GSAM believes that some of our competitors may make loans with interest rates that are comparable to or lower than the rates we offer. Rather, we compete with our competitors based on our reputation in the market, our existing investment platform, the seasoned investment professionals of our Investment Adviser, our experience and focus on middle-market companies, our disciplined investment philosophy, our extensive industry focus and relationships and our flexible transaction structuring. 
 Staffing 
 We do not currently have any employees. Our day-to-day operations are managed by our Investment Adviser. Our Investment Adviser has hired and expects to continue to hire professionals with skills applicable to our business plan, including experience in middle-market investing, leveraged finance and capital markets. 
 Properties 
 We do not own any real estate or other properties materially important to our operations. Our principal executive offices are located at 200 West Street, New York, New York 10282. We believe that our office facilities are suitable and adequate for our business as it is contemplated to be conducted. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 We and our Investment Adviser are not currently subject to any material legal proceedings, although we may, from time to time, be involved in litigation arising out of operations in the normal course of business or otherwise. 
 Our Administrator 
 Pursuant to our Administration Agreement (as defined below), State Street Bank and Trust Company (the Administrator is responsible for providing various accounting and administrative services to us. Our Administrator is entitled to fees as described in Administration Agreement. To the extent that our Administrator outsources any of its functions, the Administrator will pay any compensation associated with such functions. See Administration Agreement. 
 Management Agreements 
 Investment Management Agreement 
 The investment management agreement (the Investment Management Agreement with our Investment Adviser was entered into as of November 1, 2021, pursuant to which the Investment Adviser manages our investment program and related activities. 
 17 
 
 Table of Contents 
 The Investment Management Agreement will remain in full force and effect for two years initially and will continue for periods of one year thereafter but only so long as such continuance is specifically approved at least annually by (a) the vote of a majority of our Independent Directors and (b) by a vote of a majority of our Board of Directors or of a majority of our outstanding voting securities, as defined in the Investment Company Act. The Investment Management Agreement may, on 60 days written notice to the other party, be terminated in its entirety at any time without the payment of any penalty, by our Board of Directors, or by vote of a majority of our outstanding voting securities, on the one hand, or by the Investment Adviser, on the other hand. The Investment Management Agreement also will automatically terminate in the event of its assignment (as defined in the Investment Company Act). See Item 1A. Risk Factors Competition We are dependent upon management personnel of our Investment Adviser for our future success. 
 Management Services 
 Pursuant to the terms of the Investment Management Agreement, Goldman Sachs Asset Management, subject to the overall supervision of the Board of Directors, manages our day-to-day operations and provides investment advisory and management services to us. The Investment Adviser may also manage other investment funds and accounts that have investment programs that are similar to ours. I tem 1A. Risk Factors Our Business and Structure Our Investment Adviser, its principals, investment professionals and employees and the members of its BDC Investment Committee have certain conflicts of interest. 
 Subject to compliance with applicable law and published SEC guidance, nothing contained in the Investment Advisory Agreement in any way precludes, restricts or limits the activities of our Investment Adviser or any of its respective subsidiaries or affiliated parties. The Investment Adviser will keep the Board of Directors well informed as to the identity and title of each member of the BDC Investment Committee and provide the Board of Directors such other information with respect to such persons and the functioning of the BDC Investment Committee as the Board of Directors may, from time to time, request. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from October 29, 2021 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2021, Management Fees (as defined below) amounted to 0.82 million and 0.01 million and the Investment Adviser waived 0.19 million and 0.01 million. As of December 31, 2022, 0.39 million remained payable. 
 Management Fee 
 Pursuant to the Investment Management Agreement, the Company pays to the Investment Adviser a management fee (the Management Fee as follows: 
 The Management Fee is payable quarterly in arrears. Prior to the occurrence (if any) of a listing, the Management Fee will be equal to 0.1875 (i.e., an annual rate of 0.75 of our average gross assets (excluding cash and cash equivalents but including assets purchased with borrowed amounts) at the end of the then-current calendar quarter and the prior calendar quarter. For the avoidance of doubt, the Management Fee for our first quarter (i.e., the period beginning on the Initial Drawdown Date and ending on the last day of the quarter in which the Initial Drawdown Date occurred) will be equal to 0.1875 (i.e., an annual rate of 0.75 of our average gross assets (excluding cash and cash equivalents but including assets purchased with borrowed amounts) at the end of such quarter and zero. The Management Fee for any partial quarter will be appropriately prorated. The Investment Adviser waives a portion of its management fee payable by the Company in an amount equal to the management fees it earns as an investment adviser for any affiliated money market funds in which we invest. 
 Management Fees are generally expected to be paid using available funds, in which case these payments will not reduce Undrawn Commitments. However, we may draw down Undrawn Commitments for Management Fees, and any such amounts contributed would reduce Undrawn Commitments. 
 Following the occurrence (if any) of a listing, the Management Fee will be equal to 0.25 (i.e., an annual rate of 1.00 of our average gross assets (excluding cash and cash equivalents but including assets purchased with borrowed amounts) at the end of the then-current calendar quarter and the prior calendar quarter (and, in the case of our first quarter-end following such event, our gross assets as of such quarter-end). 
 18 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Incentive Fee 
 Pursuant to the Investment Management Agreement, we pay to our Investment Adviser an incentive fee (the Incentive Fee as follows: 
 The Incentive Fee will consist of two components that are determined independently of each other, with the result that one component may be payable even if the other is not. A portion of the Incentive Fee will be based on our income and a portion will be based on our capital gains, each as described below. 
 Quarterly Incentive Fee Based on Income. Our Investment Adviser is entitled to receive the Incentive Fee based on income from us if our Ordinary Income (as defined below) exceeds a quarterly hurdle rate (as defined below) of 1.75 . For this purpose, the hurdle is computed by reference to our net asset value NAV and does not take into account changes in the market price of our common stock (if any). The Incentive Fee based on income will be determined and paid quarterly in arrears at the end of each calendar quarter by reference to our aggregate net investment income, as adjusted as described below, from the calendar quarter then ending and the eleven preceding calendar quarters (or if shorter, the number of quarters that have occurred since the Initial Drawdown Date). We refer to such period as the Trailing Twelve Quarters. However, following the occurrence (if any) of a listing, the Trailing Twelve Quarters will be reset so as to include, as of the end of any quarter, the calendar quarter then ending and the eleven preceding calendar quarters (or if shorter, the number of quarters that have occurred since the listing, rather than the number of quarters that have occurred since the Initial Drawdown Date). 
 We will pay our Investment Adviser a quarterly Incentive Fee based on the amount by which (A) Ordinary Income in respect of the relevant Trailing Twelve Quarters exceeds (B) the hurdle amount for such Trailing Twelve Quarters. The amount of the excess of (A) over (B) described in this paragraph for such Trailing Twelve Quarters is referred to as the Excess Income Amount. 
 The hurdle amount for the Incentive Fee based on income is determined on a quarterly basis and is equal to 1.75 multiplied by our NAV at the beginning of each applicable calendar quarter comprising the relevant Trailing Twelve Quarters. The hurdle amount is calculated after making appropriate adjustments for subscriptions (which includes all issuances by us of shares of our common stock) and distributions that occurred during the relevant Trailing Twelve Quarters. The Incentive Fee for any partial period will be appropriately prorated. The Incentive Fee based on income for each quarter is determined as follows: 
 No Incentive Fee based on income is payable to our Investment Adviser for any calendar quarter for which there is no Excess Income Amount; 

100 of the Ordinary Income, if any, that exceeds the hurdle amount, but is less than or equal to an amount, which we refer to as the Catch-up Amount, determined as the sum of 2.0588 (or 2.1875 in the event of a listing) multiplied by our NAV at the beginning of each applicable calendar quarter included in the relevant Trailing Twelve Quarters is included in the calculation of the Incentive Fee based on income; and 

15 (which will be increased to 20 in the event of a listing) of the Ordinary Income that exceeds the Catch-up Amount is included in the calculation of the Incentive Fee based on income. 

The amount of the Incentive Fee based on income that will be paid to our Investment Adviser for a particular quarter will equal the excess of the Incentive Fee so calculated minus the aggregate Incentive Fees based on income that were paid in respect of the first eleven calendar quarters (or the portion thereof) included in the relevant Trailing Twelve Quarters but will not exceed the Incentive Fee Cap (as described below). 
 The Incentive Fee based on income that is paid to our Investment Adviser for a particular quarter is subject to the Incentive Fee Cap. The Incentive Fee Cap for any quarter is an amount equal to (a) 15 (which will be increased to 20 in the event of a listing) of the Cumulative Net Return (as defined below) during the relevant Trailing Twelve Quarters minus (b) the aggregate Incentive Fees based on income that were paid in respect of the first eleven calendar quarters (or the portion thereof) included in the relevant Trailing Twelve Quarters. 
 Ordinary Income means interest income, dividend income and any other income (including any accrued income that we have not yet received in cash and any other fees such as commitment, origination, structuring, diligence and consulting fees or other fees that we receive from portfolio companies) accrued during the calendar quarter minus our operating expenses accrued during the calendar quarter (including the Management Fee, administrative expenses and any interest expense and dividends paid on issued and outstanding preferred stock, but excluding the Incentive Fee). 
 Cumulative Net Return means (x) the Ordinary Income in respect of the relevant Trailing Twelve Quarters minus (y) any Net Capital Loss (as defined below), if any, in respect of the relevant Trailing Twelve Quarters. 
 If, in any quarter, the Incentive Fee Cap is zero or a negative value, we will pay no Incentive Fee based on income to our Investment Adviser for such quarter. If, in any quarter, the Incentive Fee Cap is a positive value but is less than the Incentive Fee based on income that is payable to our Investment Adviser for such quarter (before giving effect to the Incentive Fee Cap) calculated as described above, we will pay an Incentive Fee based on income to our Investment Adviser equal to the Incentive Fee Cap for such quarter. If, in any quarter, the Incentive Fee Cap for such quarter is equal to or greater than the Incentive Fee based on income that is payable to our Investment Adviser for such quarter (before giving effect to the Incentive Fee Cap) calculated as described above, we will pay an Incentive Fee based on income to our Investment Adviser equal to the Incentive Fee calculated as described above for such quarter without regard to the Incentive Fee Cap. 
 Net Capital Loss in respect of a particular period means the difference, if positive, between (i) aggregate capital losses, whether realized or unrealized, in such period and (ii) aggregate capital gains, whether realized or unrealized, in such period. 
 The following is a graphical representation of the calculation of the Incentive Fee based on income prior to a listing, if any: 
 
 19 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Incentive Fee based on Income 
 Percentage of Ordinary Income comprising the Incentive Fee based on Income 
 (expressed as an annualized rate(1) of return on the value of net assets as of the beginning 
 of each of the quarters included in the Trailing Twelve Quarters) 

(1) The Incentive Fee is determined on a quarterly basis but has been annualized for purposes of the above diagram. The diagram also does not reflect the Incentive Fee Cap. 
 The following is a graphical representation of the calculation of the Incentive Fee based on income following a listing: 

Incentive Fee based on Income 
 Percentage of Ordinary Income comprising the Incentive Fee based on Income 
 (expressed as an annualized rate(1) of return on the value of net assets as of the beginning 
 of each of the quarters included in the Trailing Twelve Quarters) 

(1) The Incentive Fee is determined on a quarterly basis but has been annualized for purposes of the above diagram. The diagram also does not reflect the Incentive Fee Cap. 
 
 Annual Incentive Fee Based on Capital Gains . The Incentive Fee based on capital gains is determined and paid annually in arrears at the end of each calendar year or, in the event of a listing, the date on which such event occurs. At the end of each calendar year (or the occurrence of a listing), we will pay our Investment Adviser an Incentive Fee equal to (A) 15 (which will be increased to 20 in the event of a listing) of the difference, if positive, of the sum of our aggregate realized capital gains, if any, computed net of our aggregate realized capital losses, if any, and our aggregate unrealized capital depreciation, in each case from the Initial Drawdown Date (or, following the occurrence (if any) of a listing, from the date on which such event occurs) through the end of such calendar year or listing, as applicable, minus (B) the cumulative amount of Incentive Fees based on capital gains previously paid to our Investment Adviser from the Initial Drawdown Date (or, following the occurrence (if any) of a listing, from the date on which such event occurs) through the end of such calendar year or listing, as applicable. For the avoidance of doubt, unrealized capital appreciation is excluded from the calculation in clause (A), above. 
 We will accrue, but not pay, a portion of the Incentive Fee based on capital gains with respect to net unrealized appreciation. Under GAAP, we are required to accrue an Incentive Fee based on capital gains that includes net realized capital gains and losses and net unrealized capital appreciation and depreciation on investments held at the end of each period. In calculating the accrual for the Incentive Fee based on capital gains, we consider the cumulative aggregate unrealized capital appreciation in the calculation, since an Incentive Fee based on capital gains would be payable if such unrealized capital appreciation were realized, even though such unrealized capital appreciation is not permitted to be considered in calculating the fee actually payable under the Investment Management Agreement. This accrual is calculated using the aggregate cumulative net realized capital gains and losses and aggregate cumulative net unrealized capital appreciation and depreciation. If such amount is positive at the end of a period, then we record a capital gains incentive fee equal to 15 (which will be increased to 20 in the event of a listing) of such amount, minus the aggregate amount of actual Incentive Fees based on capital gains paid in all prior periods (or, following the occurrence (if any) of a listing, in all prior periods beginning with the date on which such event occurs). If such amount is negative, then there is no accrual for such period. There can be no assurance that such unrealized capital appreciation will be realized in the future. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from October 29, 2021 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2021, Incentive Fees based on income amounted to 0.00 million and 0.00 million. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from October 29, 2021 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2021, the Company accrued Incentive Fees based on capital gains under GAAP of (0.03) million and 0.03 million, which was not realized. 
 20 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Example of Calculation of the Incentive Fee based on Income Assumptions 
 Assumptions(1) 
 Quarter 1 

o Net Asset Value at the start of Quarter 1 = 100.0 million 

o Quarter 1 Ordinary Income = 6.0 million 

o Quarter 1 Net Capital Gain = 1.0 million 

o Quarter 1 Hurdle Amount = 1.75 million (calculated based on an annualized 7.00 hurdle rate) 

o Quarter 1 Catch-up Amount = 2.06 million (calculated based on an annualized 8.24 rate) 

Quarter 2 

o Net Asset Value at the start of Quarter 2 = 100.0 million 

o Quarter 2 Ordinary Income = 1.5 million 

o Quarter 2 Net Capital Gain = 1.0 million 

o Quarter 2 Hurdle Amount = 1.75 million (calculated based on an annualized 7.00 hurdle rate) 

o Quarter 2 Catch-up Amount = 2.06 million (calculated based on an annualized 8.24 rate) 

Quarter 3 

o Net Asset Value at the start of Quarter 3 = 100.0 million 

o Quarter 3 Ordinary Income = 2.0 million 

o Quarter 3 Net Capital Loss = 6.0) million 

o Quarter 3 Hurdle Amount = 1.75 million (calculated based on an annualized 7.00 hurdle rate) 

o Quarter 3 Catch-up Amount = 2.06 million (calculated based on an annualized 8.24 rate) 

Quarter 4 

o Net Asset Value at the start of Quarter 4 = 100.0 million 

o Quarter 4 Ordinary Income = 3.5 million 

o Quarter 4 Net Capital Gain = 3.0 million 

o Quarter 4 Hurdle Amount = 1.75 million (calculated based on an annualized 7.00 hurdle rate) 

o Quarter 4 Catch-up Amount = 2.06 million (calculated based on an annualized 8.24 rate) 

(1) For illustrative purposes, Net Asset Value is assumed to be 100.0 million as of the beginning of all four quarters and does not give effect to gains or losses in the preceding quarters. The example is also based on the calculation prior to any listing. 
 Determination of Incentive Fee based on income 
 In Quarter 1, the Ordinary Income of 6.0 million exceeds the Hurdle Amount of 1.75 million and the Catch-up Amount of 2.06 million. There are no Net Capital Losses. As a result, an Incentive Fee based on income of approximately 901,000 ((100 of 310,000) + (15 of 3.94 million)) is payable to our Investment Adviser for Quarter 1. 
 In Quarter 2, the Quarter 2 Ordinary Income of 1.5 million does not exceed the Quarter 2 Hurdle Amount of 1.75 million, but the aggregate Ordinary Income for the Trailing Twelve Quarters of 7.5 million exceeds the aggregate Hurdle Amount for the Trailing Twelve Quarters of 3.5 million and the aggregate Catch-up Amount for the Trailing Twelve Quarters of 4.12 million. There are no Net Capital Losses. As a result, an Incentive Fee based on income of approximately 229,000 1.13 million ((100 of 620,000) + (15 of 3.38 million)) minus 901,000 paid in Quarter 1) is payable to our Investment Adviser for Quarter 2. 
 In Quarter 3, the aggregate Ordinary Income of the Trailing Twelve Quarters of 9.5 million exceeds the aggregate Hurdle Amount for the Trailing Twelve Quarters of 5.25 million and the aggregate Catch-up Amount for the Trailing Twelve Quarters of 6.18 million. However, there is an aggregate Net Capital Loss of 4.0) million for the Trailing Twelve Quarters. As a result, the Incentive Fee Cap would apply. The Incentive Fee Cap equals (305,000), calculated as follows: 
 (15 x 9.5 million minus 4.0 million)) minus 1.13 million paid in Quarters 1 and 2. Because the Incentive Fee Cap is a negative value, there is no Incentive Fee based on income payable to our Investment Adviser for Quarter 3. 
 In Quarter 4, the aggregate Ordinary Income of the Trailing Twelve Quarters of 13.0 million exceeds the aggregate Hurdle Amount for the Trailing Twelve Quarters of 7.0 million and the aggregate Catch-up Amount for the Trailing Twelve Quarters of 8.24 million. The calculation of the Incentive Fee based on income would be approximately 820,000 1.95 million (100 of 1.24 million) + (15 of 4.76 million) minus 1.13 million paid in Quarters 1 and 2). However, there is an aggregate Net Capital Loss of 1.0) million for the Trailing Twelve Quarters. As a result, the Incentive Fee Cap would apply. The Incentive Fee Cap equals approximately 670,000 calculated as follows: 
 (15 x 13.0 million minus 1.0 million)) minus 1.13 million. Because the Incentive Fee Cap is positive but less than the Incentive Fee based on income of approximately 820,000 calculated prior to applying the Incentive Fee Cap, an Incentive Fee based on income of approximately 670,000 is payable to our Investment Adviser for Quarter 4. Applying the Incentive Fee Cap, an Incentive Fee based on income of 900,000 is payable to our Investment Adviser for Quarter 4. 
 21 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Examples of Calculation of Incentive Fee based on Capital Gains 
 Assumptions(1) 
 Year 1: 20 million investment made in Company A Investment A ), 30 million investment made in Company B Investment B and 25 million investment made in Company C Investment C 

Year 2: Investment A sold for 30 million, fair value of Investment B determined to be 25 million and fair value of Investment C determined to be 27 million 

Year 3: fair value of Investment B determined to be 29 million and Investment C sold for 30 million 

Year 4: fair value of Investment B determined to be 40 million 

Determination of Incentive Fee based on capital gains 
 The Incentive Fee based on capital gains, if any, would be: 
 Year 1: None 

Year 2: 750,000 

The portion of the Incentive Fee based on capital gains equals (A) 15 of the difference, if positive, of the sum of our aggregate realized capital gains, if any, computed net of our aggregate realized capital losses, if any, and our aggregate unrealized capital depreciation, if any, in each case from the Initial Drawdown Date until the end of the applicable calendar year or listing, as applicable, minus (B) the cumulative amount of Incentive Fees based on capital gains previously paid to our Investment Adviser from the Initial Drawdown Date. 
 Therefore, using the assumptions above, the Incentive Fee based on capital gains equals (A) 15 x 10.0 million 5.0 million) minus (B) 0. 
 Therefore, the Incentive Fee based on capital gains equals 750,000. 
 Year 3: 1.35 million, which is calculated as follows: 

The Incentive Fee based on capital gains equals (A) 15 x 15.0 million 1.0 million) minus (B) 750,000. 
 Therefore, the Incentive Fee based on capital gains equals 1.35 million. 
 Year 4: 150,000, which is calculated as follows: 

The Incentive Fee based on capital gains equals (A) 15 x 15.0 million 0 million) minus (B) 2.1 million. 
 Therefore, the Incentive Fee based on capital gains equals 150,000. 
 (1) The example is based on the calculation prior to any listing. 
 Board Approval of the Investment Management Agreement 
 Our Board of Directors approved the Investment Management Agreement during meetings held virtually on August 6, 2020 and February 23, 2021. In its consideration of the approval of the Investment Management Agreement, the Board of Directors focused on information it had received relating to, among other things: 
 the nature, quality and extent of the advisory and other services to be provided to us by the Investment Adviser; 

the contractual terms of the Investment Management Agreement, including the structure of the Management Fee and the Incentive Fee; 

comparative data with respect to the advisory fees and other expenses paid by other externally managed BDCs with similar investment objectives and strategies; 

information about the services performed and the personnel performing such services under the Investment Management Agreement; 

comparative data with respect to our investment performance and the performance of other BDCs with comparable investment objectives and strategies; 

any existing and potential benefits to the Investment Adviser or its affiliates from its relationship with us; 

other potential benefits to us as a result of our relationship with the Investment Adviser; and 

such other matters as the Board of Directors determined were relevant to their consideration of the Investment Management Agreement. 

In connection with their consideration of the approval of the Investment Management Agreement, our Board of Directors gave weight to each of the factors described above, but did not identify any one particular factor as controlling their decision. After deliberation and consideration of all of the information provided, including the factors described above, the Board of Directors concluded, in the exercise of their business judgment, that the contractual terms of the Investment Management Agreement, including the structure of the Management Fee and the Incentive Fee, were reasonable in light of the services to be provided to us by the Investment Adviser. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, we paid our Investment Adviser a total of 0.24 million in fees, which consisted of 0.24 million in Management Fees and 0 million in Incentive Fees. For the period from October 29, 2021 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2021, we paid our Investment Adviser a total of 0 million in fees, which consisted of 0 million in Management Fees and 0 million in Incentive Fees. 
 22 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Duration and Termination 
 The Investment Management Agreement will remain in full force and effect for an initial two year period from November 1, 2021, the effective date of the Investment Management Agreement, and will continue for periods of one year thereafter but only so long as such continuance is specifically approved at least annually by (a) the vote of a majority of our Independent Directors and (b) by a vote of a majority of our Board of Directors or of a majority of our outstanding voting securities, as defined in the Investment Company Act. The Investment Management Agreement may, on 60 days written notice to the other party, be terminated in its entirety at any time without the payment of any penalty, by our Board of Directors, or by vote of a majority of our outstanding voting securities, on the one hand, or by the Investment Adviser, on the other hand. The Investment Management Agreement also will automatically terminate in the event of its assignment (as defined in the Investment Company Act). See Item 1A. Risk Factors Competition We are dependent upon management personnel of our Investment Adviser for our future success. 
 Limited Liability of our Investment Adviser 
 The Investment Management Agreement provides that our Investment Adviser shall not be liable for any error of judgment or mistake of law or for any loss suffered by us in connection with the matters to which the Investment Management Agreement relates, except a loss resulting from our Investment Adviser s willful misfeasance, bad faith or gross negligence in the performance of its duties or from reckless disregard by our Investment Adviser of its obligations and duties under the Investment Management Agreement. Any person, even though also employed by our Investment Adviser, who may be or become an employee of and paid by us will be deemed, when acting within the scope of such employment, to be acting in such employment solely for us and not as our Investment Adviser s employee or agent. These protections may lead our Investment Adviser to act in a riskier manner when acting on our behalf than it would when acting for its own account. See Item 1A. Risk Factors Our Business and Structure Our Investment Adviser will be paid the Management Fee even if the value of an investment declines and our Investment Adviser s Incentive Fee may create incentives for it to make certain kinds of investments. 
 The Investment Adviser has not assumed any responsibility to us other than to render the services described in the Investment Management Agreement, and it will not be responsible for any action of the Board of Directors in declining to follow the Investment Adviser s advice or recommendations. 
 Organization of our Investment Adviser 
 Our Investment Adviser is registered as an investment adviser under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended (the Advisers Act ). The principal executive offices of our Investment Adviser are located at 200 West Street, New York, New York 10282. 
 Organizational and Operating Expenses 
 Our primary operating expenses include the payment of the Management Fee and the Incentive Fee to our Investment Adviser, legal and professional fees, interest, fees and other expenses of Financings and other operating and overhead related expenses. The Management Fee and Incentive Fee compensate our Investment Adviser for its work in identifying, evaluating, negotiating, closing and monitoring our investments. We bear all other costs and expenses relating to our operations and transactions, including: (i) our operational, offering and organizational expenses; (ii) fees and expenses, including travel expenses, incurred by our Investment Adviser or payable to third parties related to our investments, including, among others, professional fees (including, without limitation, the fees and expenses of consultants and experts) and fees and expenses from evaluating, monitoring, researching and performing due diligence on investments and prospective investments; (iii) interest, fees and other expenses payable on Financings, if any, incurred by us; (iv) fees and expenses incurred by us in connection with membership in investment company organizations; (v) brokers commissions; (vi) fees and expenses associated with calculating our NAV (including the costs and expenses of any Independent Valuation Advisor (as defined below)); (vii) legal, auditing or accounting expenses; (viii) taxes or governmental fees; (ix) the fees and expenses of our Administrator, transfer agent and/or sub-transfer agent; (x) the cost of preparing stock certificates or any other expenses, including clerical expenses of issue, redemption or repurchase of the shares; (xi) the expenses of, and fees for, registering or qualifying common stock for sale, maintaining our registration and qualifying and registering us as a broker or a dealer; (xii) the fees and expenses of our Independent Directors; (xiii) the fees or disbursements of custodians of our assets, including expenses incurred in the performance of any obligations enumerated by our organizational documents insofar as they govern agreements with any such custodian; (xiv) the cost of preparing and distributing reports, proxy statements and notices to holders of our equity interests, the SEC and other regulatory authorities; (xv) insurance premiums; (xvi) costs of holding stockholder meetings; (xvii) listing fees, if any; and (xviii) costs incurred in connection with any claim, litigation, arbitration, mediation, government investigation or dispute in connection with our business and the amount of any judgment or settlement paid in connection therewith, or the enforcement of our rights against any person and indemnification or contribution expenses payable by us to any person and other extraordinary expenses not incurred in the ordinary course of our business. In addition, we shall bear the fees and expenses related to the preparation and maintaining of any necessary registrations with regulators in order to market the common stock of the Company in certain jurisdictions and fees and expenses associated with preparation and maintenance of any key information document or similar document required by law or regulation. Our Investment Adviser is not required to pay expenses of activities which are primarily intended to result in sales of common stock, including all costs and expenses associated with the preparation and distribution of the Offering Memorandum, dated August 2020 (as supplemented from time to time, the Offering Memorandum and the Subscription Agreements. 
 We expect our general and administrative expenses to be relatively stable or decline as a percentage of total assets during periods of asset growth and to increase during periods of asset declines. 
 23 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Administration Agreement 
 We have entered into an administration agreement (the Administration Agreement with the Administrator, under which the Administrator is responsible for providing various accounting and administrative services to us. 
 The Administration Agreement provides that the Administrator is not liable to us for any damages or other losses arising out of the performance of its services thereunder except under certain circumstances, and contains provisions for the indemnification of the Administrator by us against liabilities to other parties arising in connection with the performance of its services to us. We pay the Administrator fees for its services as we determine are commercially reasonable in our sole discretion. We also reimburse the Administrator for all reasonable expenses. To the extent that our Administrator outsources any of its functions, the Administrator will pay any compensation associated with such functions. 
 We are not obligated to retain our Administrator. The Administration Agreement may be terminated by either party without penalty upon 30 days written notice to the other party. 
 The terms of the Administration Agreement that we may enter with any subsequent administrator may differ materially from the terms of the Administration Agreement with State Street Bank and Trust Company in effect prior to such retention, including, without limitation, providing for a fee structure that results in us, directly or indirectly, bearing higher fees for similar services and other terms that are potentially less advantageous to us. Our stockholders will not be entitled to receive prior notice of the engagement of an alternate administrator or of the terms of any agreement that is entered into with such administrator. 
 Transfer Agent 
 We have entered into a transfer agency agreement with Goldman Sachs Co. LLC (the Transfer Agency Agreement ), pursuant to which Goldman Sachs Co. LLC, as transfer agent will: (i) record the issuance, transfer and repurchase of shares of our common stock and preferred stock; (ii) provide purchase and repurchase confirmations, as well as certain other statements; (iii) provide dividend crediting and certain disbursing agent services; (iv) maintain stockholder accounts; and (v) render certain other miscellaneous services. Under the terms of the Transfer Agency Agreement, we will indemnify and hold harmless the transfer agent, its affiliates and any agent under certain circumstances and to the extent permitted by the Investment Company Act. We compensate Goldman Sachs Co. LLC at an annual rate of 0.15 of our average NAV at the end of the then-current quarter and the prior calendar quarter (and, in the case of the Company s first quarter, our NAV as of such quarter-end) for serving as our transfer agent. As our transfer agent and dividend disbursing agent, Goldman Sachs Co. LLC expects to engage a third party to assist in certain related functions. The Transfer Agency Agreement provides that we generally bear all expenses incurred by Goldman Sachs Co. LLC or us in connection with the performance of Goldman Sachs Co. LLC s duties pursuant to the Transfer Agency Agreement (including any costs associated with engaging such third parties). The amount of such expenses that will be borne by us is capped at the quarterly fee payable under the Transfer Agency Agreement and will reduce the fee otherwise owed for such quarter on a dollar-for-dollar basis. 
 License Agreement 
 We are party to a license agreement (the License Agreement with an affiliate of Goldman Sachs pursuant to which we have been granted a non-exclusive, royalty-free license to use the Goldman Sachs name. Under this agreement, we do not have a right to use the Goldman Sachs name if GSAM or another affiliate of Goldman Sachs is not our investment adviser or if our continued use of such license results in a violation of applicable law, results in a regulatory burden or has adverse regulatory consequences. Other than with respect to this limited license, we have no legal right to the Goldman Sachs name. 
 Regulation 
 We have elected to be treated as a BDC under the Investment Company Act. As with other companies regulated by the Investment Company Act, a BDC must adhere to certain substantive regulatory requirements. The Investment Company Act contains prohibitions and restrictions relating to transactions between BDCs and their affiliates (including any investment advisers or sub-advisers) principal underwriters and affiliates of those affiliates or underwriters and requires that a majority of the directors be persons other than interested persons, as that term is defined in the Investment Company Act. In addition, the Investment Company Act provides that we may not change the nature of our business so as to cease to be, or to withdraw our election as, a BDC unless approved by a majority of our outstanding voting securities. A majority of the outstanding voting securities of a company is defined under the Investment Company Act as the vote: (i) of 67 or more of the voting securities present at such meeting, if the holders of more than 50 of the outstanding voting securities of such company are present or represented by proxy or (ii) of more than 50 of the outstanding voting securities of such company, whichever is less. 
 Any issuance of preferred stock must comply with the requirements of the Investment Company Act. The Investment Company Act requires, among other things, that (1) immediately after issuance and before any dividend or other distribution is made with respect to our common stock and before any purchase of common stock is made, such preferred stock together with all other senior securities must not exceed an amount equal to 50 of our total assets after deducting the amount of such dividend, distribution or purchase price, as the case may be, and (2) the holders of shares of preferred stock, if any are issued, must be entitled as a class to elect two directors at all times and to elect a majority of the directors if dividends on such preferred stock are in arrears by two full years or more. Certain other matters under the Investment Company Act require a separate class vote of the holders of any issued and outstanding preferred stock. For example, holders of preferred stock would be entitled to vote separately as a class from the holders of common stock on a proposal involving a plan of reorganization adversely affecting such securities. 
 24 
 
 Table of Contents 
 We may invest up to 100 of our assets in securities acquired directly from issuers in privately negotiated transactions. With respect to such securities, we may, for the purpose of public resale, be deemed a principal underwriter as that term is defined under the Securities Act. We may purchase or otherwise receive warrants which offer an opportunity (not a requirement) to purchase common stock of a portfolio company in connection with an acquisition financing or other investments. Similarly, we may acquire rights that obligate an issuer of acquired securities or their affiliates to repurchase the securities at certain times, under certain circumstances. We do not intend to acquire securities issued by any investment company whereby our investment would exceed the limits imposed by the Investment Company Act. Under these limits, we generally cannot (1) acquire more than 3 of the total outstanding voting stock of any registered investment company, (2) invest more than 5 of the value of our total assets in the securities of one registered investment company, or (3) invest more than 10 of the value of our total assets in the securities of registered investment companies in general. These limitations do not apply where we acquire interests in a money market fund as long as we do not pay a sales charge or service fee in connection with the purchase. With respect to the portion of our portfolio invested in securities issued by investment companies, it should be noted that such investments might subject our stockholders to additional expenses. None of our policies described above are fundamental and each such policy may be changed without stockholder approval, subject to any limitations imposed by the Investment Company Act. 
 Private funds that are excluded from the definition of investment company pursuant to either Section 3(c)(1) or 3(c)(7) of the Investment Company Act are also subject to certain of the limits under the Investment Company Act noted above. Specifically, such private funds may not acquire directly or through a controlled entity more than 3 of our total outstanding voting stock (measured at the time of the acquisition). Investment companies registered under the Investment Company Act are also subject to the restriction as well as other limitations under the Investment Company Act that would restrict the amount that they are able to invest in our securities. As a result, certain investors would be required to hold a smaller position in our shares than if they were not subject to such restrictions. 
 We are generally not able to issue and sell common stock at a price below the then-current NAV per share. We may, however, sell common stock at a price below the then-current NAV per share if the Board of Directors determines that such sale is in our best interests and the best interests of the stockholders, and the stockholders approve such sale. 
 We expect to deploy substantially all proceeds from our offerings for investment purposes within three years of the Final Closing Date. 
 25 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Qualifying Assets 
 Under the Investment Company Act, a BDC may not acquire any asset other than assets of the type listed in Section 55(a) of the Investment Company Act, which are referred to herein as qualifying assets, unless, at the time the acquisition is made, qualifying assets (not including certain assets specified in the Investment Company Act) represent at least 70 of such BDC s total assets. The principal categories of qualifying assets relevant to our proposed business are the following: 
 
 (1) Securities purchased in transactions not involving any public offering from the issuer of such securities, which issuer (subject to certain exceptions) is an eligible portfolio company, or from any person who is, or has been during the preceding thirteen months an affiliated person of an eligible portfolio company, or from any other person, subject to such rules and regulations as may be prescribed by the SEC. An eligible portfolio company is defined in the Investment Company Act as any issuer that: 

a. is organized under the laws of, and has its principal place of business in, the United States; 

b. is not an investment company (other than a small business investment company SBIC wholly owned by the BDC) or a company that would be an investment company but for certain exclusions under the Investment Company Act; and 

c. satisfies any of the following: 

i. does not have any class of securities listed on a national securities exchange or has a class of securities listed on a national securities exchange but has an aggregate market value of outstanding common equity of less than 250 million; 

ii. is controlled by a BDC or a group of companies including a BDC, and the BDC has an affiliated person who is a director of the eligible portfolio company; or 

iii. is a small and solvent company having total assets of not more than 4 million and capital and surplus of not less than 2 million. 

(2) Securities of any eligible portfolio company that we control. 

(3) Securities purchased in a private transaction from a U.S. issuer that is not an investment company or from an affiliated person of the issuer, or in transactions incident thereto, if the issuer is in bankruptcy and subject to reorganization or if the issuer, immediately prior to the purchase of its securities was unable to meet its obligations as they came due without material assistance other than conventional lending or financing arrangements. 

(4) Securities of an eligible portfolio company purchased from any person in a private transaction if there is no ready market for such securities and we already own at least 60 of the outstanding equity of the eligible portfolio company. 

(5) Securities received in exchange for or distributed on or with respect to securities described in (1) through (4) above, or pursuant to the exercise of options, warrants or rights relating to such securities. 

(6) Cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities or high-quality debt securities maturing in one year or less from the time of investment. 

Managerial Assistance to Portfolio Companies 
 A BDC must be organized and have its principal place of business in the United States and must be operated for the purpose of making investments in the types of securities described in (1), (2) or (3) under Qualifying Assets, above. However, in order to count portfolio securities as qualifying assets for the purpose of the 70 test, the BDC must also either control the issuer of the securities or offer to make available to the issuer of the securities (other than small and solvent companies described above) significant managerial assistance; except that, where the BDC purchases such securities in conjunction with one or more other persons acting together, one of the other persons in the group may make available such managerial assistance (as long as the BDC does not make available significant managerial assistance solely in this fashion). Making available significant managerial assistance means, among other things, any arrangement whereby the BDC, through its directors, officers or employees, offers to provide, and, if accepted, does so provide, significant guidance and counsel concerning the management, operations or business objectives and policies of a portfolio company. A BDC may charge a fee for providing such managerial assistance. 
 Temporary Investments 
 As a BDC, pending investment in other types of qualifying assets, as described above, our investments may consist of cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities or high-quality debt securities maturing in one year or less from the time of investment, which we refer to, collectively, as temporary investments, so that 70 of our assets are qualifying assets. We may invest in U.S. Treasury bills or in repurchase agreements, provided that such agreements are fully collateralized by cash or securities issued by the U.S. government or its agencies. A repurchase agreement involves the purchase by an investor, such as us, of a specified security and the simultaneous agreement by the seller to repurchase it at an agreed-upon future date and at a price which is greater than the purchase price by an amount that reflects an agreed-upon interest rate. There is no percentage restriction on the proportion of our assets that may be invested in such repurchase agreements. However, if more than 25 of our total assets constitute repurchase agreements from a single counterparty, we would generally not meet the asset diversification requirements necessary to qualify as a RIC. Thus, we do not intend to enter into repurchase agreements with a single counterparty in excess of this limit. Our Investment Adviser will monitor the creditworthiness of the counterparties with which we enter into repurchase agreement transactions. 
 26 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Indebtedness and Senior Securities 
 As a BDC, we are permitted, under specified conditions, to issue multiple classes of indebtedness and one class of equity securities senior to our common stock if our asset coverage ratio, as defined under the Investment Company Act, is at least equal to 150 immediately after each such issuance. On November 1, 2021, the Initial Member approved the adoption of the 150 threshold pursuant to Section 61(a)(2) of the Investment Company Act and such election became effective the following day. In addition, except in limited circumstances, while any indebtedness and senior securities remain outstanding, we must make provisions to prohibit any distribution to stockholders or the repurchase of the shares unless we meet the applicable asset coverage ratios at the time of the distribution or repurchase. We may also borrow amounts up to 5 of the value of its total assets for temporary purposes without regard to asset coverage. A loan is presumed to be made for temporary or emergency purposes if it is repaid within 60 days and is not extended or renewed; otherwise it is presumed to not be for temporary purposes. For a discussion of the risks associated with leverage, see Item 1A. Risk Factors Our Business and Structure We borrow money, which may magnify the potential for gain or loss and may increase the risk of investing in us and Regulations governing our operation as a BDC affect our ability to, and the way in which we, raise additional capital. These constraints may hinder our Investment Adviser s ability to take advantage of attractive investment opportunities and to achieve our investment objective. 
 Code of Ethics 
 We have adopted a code of ethics pursuant to Rule 17j-1 under the Investment Company Act and we have also approved our Investment Adviser s code of ethics that it adopted in accordance with Rule 17j-1 and Rule 204A-1 under the Advisers Act. These codes of ethics establish, among other things, procedures for personal investments and restrict certain personal securities transactions, including transactions in securities that are held by us. Personnel subject to each code may invest in securities for their personal investment accounts, so long as such investments are made in accordance with the code s requirements. The codes of ethics are available on the EDGAR database on the SEC s internet site at http://www.sec.gov. Copies may also be obtained by electronic request to publicinfo@sec.gov. 
 Proxy Voting Policies and Procedures 
 We have delegated the voting of portfolio securities to our Investment Adviser. For client accounts for which our Investment Adviser has voting discretion, our Investment Adviser has adopted policies and procedures (the Proxy Voting Policy for the voting of proxies. Under the Proxy Voting Policy, our Investment Adviser s guiding principles in performing proxy voting are to make decisions that favor proposals that tend to maximize a company s stockholder value and are not influenced by conflicts of interest. To implement these guiding principles for investments in publicly traded equities, our Investment Adviser has developed customized proxy voting guidelines (the Guidelines that it generally applies when voting on behalf of client accounts. These Guidelines address a wide variety of individual topics, including, among other matters, stockholder voting rights, anti-takeover defenses, board structures, the election of directors, executive and director compensation, reorganizations, mergers, issues of corporate social responsibility and various stockholder proposals. 
 The Proxy Voting Policy, including the Guidelines, is reviewed periodically to assure that it continues to be consistent with our Investment Adviser s guiding principles. The Guidelines embody the positions and factors our Investment Adviser generally considers important in casting proxy votes. 
 Our Investment Adviser has retained a third-party proxy voting service (the Proxy Service ), currently Institutional Shareholder Services, to assist in the implementation and administration of certain proxy voting-related functions including operational, recordkeeping, and reporting services. The Proxy Service also prepares a written analysis and recommendation (a Recommendation of each proxy vote that reflects the Proxy Service s application of the Guidelines to particular proxy issues. While it is our Investment Adviser s policy generally to follow the Guidelines and Recommendations from the Proxy Service, our Investment Adviser s portfolio management teams (the Portfolio Management Teams may on certain proxy votes seek approval to diverge from the Guidelines or a Recommendation by following an override process. Such decisions are subject to a review and approval process, including a determination that the decision is not influenced by any conflict of interest. A Portfolio Management Team that receives approval through the override process to cast a proxy vote that diverges from the Guidelines and/or a Recommendation may vote differently than other Portfolio Management Teams that did not seek to override the vote. In forming their views on particular matters, the Portfolio Management Teams are also permitted to consider applicable regional rules and practices, including codes of conduct and other guides, regarding proxy voting, in addition to the Guidelines and Recommendations. Our Investment Adviser may hire other service providers to replace or supplement the Proxy Service with respect to any of the services our Investment Adviser currently receives from the Proxy Service. 
 From time to time, our Investment Adviser may face regulatory, compliance, legal or logistical limits with respect to voting securities that it may purchase or hold for client accounts which can affect our Investment Adviser s ability to vote such proxies, as well as the desirability of voting such proxies. Among other limits, federal, state and foreign regulatory restrictions or company specific ownership limits, as well as legal matters related to consolidated groups, may restrict the total percentage of an issuer s voting securities that our Investment Adviser can hold for clients and the nature of our Investment Adviser s voting in such securities. Our Investment Adviser s ability to vote proxies may also be affected by, among other things: (i) late receipt of meeting notices; (ii) requirements to vote proxies in person; (iii) restrictions on a foreigner s ability to exercise votes; (iv) potential difficulties in translating the proxy; (v) requirements to provide local agents with unrestricted powers of attorney to facilitate voting instructions; and (vi) requirements that investors who exercise their voting rights surrender the right to dispose of their holdings for some specified period in proximity to the stockholder meeting. 
 27 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Our Investment Adviser conducts periodic due diligence meetings with the Proxy Service which include a review of the Proxy Service s general organizational structure, new developments with respect to research and technology, work flow improvements and internal due diligence with respect to conflicts of interest. 
 Our Investment Adviser has adopted policies and procedures designed to prevent conflicts of interest from influencing its proxy voting decisions that our Investment Adviser makes on behalf of a client account and to help assure that such decisions are made in accordance with our Investment Adviser s fiduciary obligations to its clients. These policies and procedures include our Investment Adviser s use of the Guidelines and Recommendations from the Proxy Service, the override approval process previously discussed, and the establishment of information barriers between our Investment Adviser and other Goldman Sachs businesses. Notwithstanding such proxy voting policies and procedures, actual proxy voting decision of our Investment Adviser may have the effect of benefitting the interest of other clients or businesses of other divisions or units of Goldman Sachs and/or its affiliates, provided that our Investment Adviser believes such voting decisions to be in accordance with its fiduciary obligations. 
 Stockholders may obtain information about how we voted proxies by making a written request for proxy voting information to: State Street Bank and Trust Company, our Administrator. Voting decisions with respect to fixed income securities and the securities of privately held issuers generally will be made by our Investment Adviser based on its assessment of the particular transactions or other matters at issue. 
 Requests to the Company should be addressed to: 
 State Street Bank and Trust Company 
 Attention: Compliance 
 100 Huntington Avenue 
 Copley Place Tower 2, Floor 3 
 Boston, MA 02116 
 
 With a copy to: 
 State Street Bank and Trust Company 
 Legal Division Global Services Americas 
 One Lincoln Street, 21st Floor 
 Boston, MA 02111 
 Attn: Senior Vice President and Senior Managing Counsel 
 Privacy Principles 
 The following information is provided to help investors understand what personal information we collect, how we protect that information and why, in certain cases, we may share information with select other parties. 
 We may collect nonpublic personal information regarding investors from sources such as subscription agreements, investor questionnaires and other forms; individual investors account histories; and correspondence between us and individual investors. We may share information that we collect regarding an investor with our affiliates and the employees of such affiliates for everyday business purposes, for example, to service the investor s accounts and, unless an investor opts out, provide the investor with information about other products and services offered by us or our affiliates that may be of interest to the investor. In addition, we may disclose information that we collect regarding investors to third parties who are not affiliated with us (i) as authorized by the investors in investor subscription agreements or our organizational documents; (ii) as required by applicable law or in connection with a properly authorized legal or regulatory investigation, subpoena or summons, or to respond to judicial process or government regulatory authorities having property jurisdiction; (iii) as required to fulfill investor instructions; or (iv) as otherwise permitted by applicable law to perform support services for investor accounts or process investor transactions with us or our affiliates. 
 Any party not affiliated with us that receives nonpublic personal information relating to investors from us is required to adhere to confidentiality agreements and to maintain appropriate safeguards to protect investor information. Additionally, for officers, employees and agents of ours and our affiliates, access to such information is restricted to those who need such access to provide services to us and investors. We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to seek to guard investor nonpublic personal information. For a discussion of the risks associated with cyber incidents, see Item 1A Risk Factors Operational Cybersecurity risks and cyber incidents may adversely affect our business or the business of our portfolio companies by causing a disruption to our operations or the operations of our portfolio companies, a compromise or corruption of our confidential information or the confidential information of our portfolio companies and/or damage to our business relationships or the business relationships of our portfolio companies, all of which could negatively impact the business, financial condition and operating results of us or our portfolio companies. 
 28 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Other 
 We may also be prohibited under the Investment Company Act from knowingly participating in certain transactions with our affiliates without the prior approval of the members of our Board of Directors who are not interested persons and, in some cases, prior approval by the SEC. The SEC has interpreted the prohibition on transactions by BDCs with affiliates to prohibit joint transactions among entities that share a common investment adviser or under common control with the investment adviser. The staff of the SEC has granted no-action relief permitting purchases of a single class of privately placed securities provided that the adviser negotiates no term other than price and certain other conditions are met. In certain circumstances, we can make negotiated co-investments pursuant to an order from the SEC permitting us to do so. 
 On November 16, 2022, the SEC granted the Relief to the Investment Adviser, the BDCs advised by the Investment Adviser and certain other affiliated applicants. Additionally, if our Investment Adviser forms other funds in the future, we may co-invest alongside such other affiliates, subject to compliance with the Relief, applicable regulations and regulatory guidance, as well as applicable allocation procedures. As a result of the Relief, there could be significant overlap in our investment portfolio and the investment portfolios of other Accounts, including, in some cases, proprietary accounts of Goldman Sachs. 
 In addition, we have filed an application to amend the Relief to permit us to participate in follow-on investments in our existing portfolio companies with certain affiliates covered by the Relief if such affiliates, that are not BDCs or registered investment companies, did not have an investment in such existing portfolio company. There can be no assurance if and when we will receive the amended exemptive order. 
 As a BDC, the SEC will periodically examine us for compliance with the Investment Company Act. 
 We are required to provide and maintain a bond issued by a reputable fidelity insurance company in order to protect against larceny and embezzlement, covering each of our officers and employees, who may singly, or jointly with others, have access to our securities or funds. Furthermore, as a BDC, we are prohibited from protecting any director, officer, investment adviser or underwriter against any liability to us or our stockholders arising from willful misfeasance, bad faith, gross negligence or reckless disregard of the duties involved in the conduct of such person s office. 
 We and our Investment Adviser are each required to adopt and implement written policies and procedures reasonably designed to prevent violation of the federal securities laws, review these policies and procedures annually for their adequacy and the effectiveness of their implementation and designate a chief compliance officer to be responsible for administering the policies and procedures. 
 Compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 
 The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act ), imposes a wide variety of regulatory requirements on publicly-held companies and their insiders. Many of these requirements affect us. For example, 
 our principal executive officer and principal financial officer must certify the accuracy of the financial statements contained in our periodic reports; 

our periodic reports must disclose the conclusions of our principal executive and principal financial officers about the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures; 

our management must prepare an annual report regarding its assessment of our internal control over financial reporting; and 

our periodic reports must disclose whether there were any changes in our internal controls over financing reporting that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting. 

The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires us to review our policies and procedures to determine whether we comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder. We will continue to monitor our compliance with all future regulations that are adopted under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and will take actions necessary to ensure that we are in compliance therewith. 
 Compliance with the JOBS Act 
 We are, and expect to remain, an emerging growth company, as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act, as it may be amended from time to time (the JOBS Act ), until the earliest of: 
 the last day of the fiscal year in which our total annual gross revenues are 1.235 billion or more; 

the date on which we have issued more than 1 billion in non-convertible debt in the previous three years; or 

the last day of a fiscal year in which we (1) have an aggregate worldwide market value of common stock held by non-affiliates of 700 million or more (measured at the end of each fiscal year) as of the last business day of our most recently completed second fiscal quarter and (2) have been an Exchange Act reporting company for at least one year (and filed at least one annual report under the Exchange Act); or 

the last day of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the date of the first sale of our common equity securities under an effective Securities Act registration statement. 

Under the JOBS Act, we are exempt from the provisions of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, which would require that our independent registered public accounting firm provide an attestation report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. This may increase the risk that material weaknesses or other deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting go undetected. See Item 1A. Risk Factors Legal and Regulatory Efforts to comply with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act will involve significant expenditures, and noncompliance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may adversely affect us. 
 29 
 
 Table of Contents 
 In addition, Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act, as amended by Section 102(b) of the JOBS Act, provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards. However, pursuant to Section 107 of the JOBS Act, we are choosing to opt out of such extended transition period, and as a result, we will comply with new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for non-emerging growth companies. Our decision to opt out of the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards is irrevocable. 
 Compliance with the Bank Holding Company Act 
 As a BHC and FHC, the activities of GS Group Inc. and its affiliates are subject to certain restrictions imposed by the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended (the BHCA ), and related regulations. BHCs and FHCs are subject to supervision and regulation by the Federal Reserve Board (the Federal Reserve ). Because GS Group Inc. may be deemed to control us within the meaning of the BHCA, restrictions under the BHCA could apply to us as well. Accordingly, the BHCA and other applicable banking laws, rules, regulations and guidelines, and their interpretation and administration by the appropriate regulatory agencies, including the Federal Reserve, may restrict our investments, transactions and operations and may restrict the transactions and relationships between our Investment Adviser, GS Group Inc. and their affiliates, on the one hand, and us on the other hand. For example, the BHCA regulations applicable to GS Group Inc. and us may, among other things, restrict our ability to make certain investments or the size of certain investments, impose a maximum holding period on some or all of our investments and restrict our and our Investment Adviser s ability to participate in the management and operations of the companies in which we invest. In addition, certain BHCA regulations may require aggregation of the positions owned, held or controlled by related entities. Thus, in certain circumstances, positions held by GS Group Inc. and its affiliates (including our Investment Adviser) for client and proprietary accounts may need to be aggregated with positions held by us. In this case, where BHCA regulations impose a cap on the amount of a position that may be held, Goldman Sachs may utilize available capacity to make investments for its proprietary accounts or for the accounts of other clients, which may require us to limit and/or liquidate certain investments. Additionally, Goldman Sachs may in the future, in its sole discretion and without notice to investors, engage in activities impacting us and/or our Investment Adviser in order to comply with the BHCA or other legal requirements applicable to, or reduce or eliminate the impact or applicability of any bank regulatory or other restrictions on, Goldman Sachs, us or other funds and accounts managed by our Investment Adviser and its affiliates. In addition, Goldman Sachs may cease in the future to qualify as a FHC, which may subject us to additional restrictions. Moreover, there can be no assurance that the bank regulatory requirements applicable to Goldman Sachs and us, or the interpretation thereof, will not change, or that any such change will not have a material adverse effect on us. See Item 1A. Risk Factors Legal and Regulatory Our activities may be limited as a result of potentially being deemed to be controlled by GS Group Inc., a bank holding company. 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 Investing in our securities involves certain risks relating to our structure and investment objective. You should carefully consider these risk factors, together with all of the other information included in this report, before you decide whether to make an investment in our securities. The risks set forth below are not the only risks we face, and we may face other risks that we have not yet identified, which we do not currently deem material or which are not yet predictable. If any of the following risks occur, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. In such case, the NAV of our securities could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. 
 
 Summary Risk Factors 
 Investing in our securities involves a high degree of risk. The following is a summary of certain of the principal risks that should be carefully considered before investing in our securities: 
 
 The capital markets are currently in a period of economic uncertainty. Such market conditions have materially and adversely affected debt and equity capital markets, which have had, and may continue to have, a negative impact on our business and operations. 

Political, social and economic uncertainty, including uncertainty related to the COVID-19 pandemic, and Russia s military invasion of Ukraine, create and exacerbate risks. 

Terrorist attacks, acts of war, global health emergencies or natural disasters may impact the businesses in which we invest and harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 

Our operation as a BDC imposes numerous constraints on us and significantly reduces our operating flexibility. If we fail to maintain our status as a BDC, we might be regulated as a registered closed-end investment company, which would subject us to additional regulatory restrictions. We will be subject to corporate-level U.S. federal income tax at corporate rates (and any applicable U.S. state and local taxes) on all of our income if we are unable to maintain our qualification for tax treatment as a RIC. 

Regulations governing our operations as a BDC affect our ability to, and the way in which we, raise additional capital. These constraints may hinder our Investment Adviser s ability to take advantage of attractive investment opportunities and to achieve our investment objective. 

There are risks associated with any potential merger with or asset sale to another BDC. 

Our ability to enter into transactions with our affiliates is restricted. 

Our activities may be limited as a result of potentially being deemed to be controlled by GS Group Inc., a bank holding company. 

Commodity Futures Trading Commission CFTC rules may have a negative impact on us and our Investment Adviser. Our ability to enter into transactions involving derivatives and financial commitment transactions may be limited. 

Certain investors are limited in their ability to make significant investments in us. 

30 
 
 Table of Contents 
 We depend upon management personnel of our Investment Adviser for our future success. 

We operate in a highly competitive market for investment opportunities. 

Failures in information systems and cybersecurity incidents may have adverse impacts on us and/or our portfolio companies. 

We are a new company and have a limited operating history. 

The potentially limited term and the expiration of the Investment Period may impact our investment strategy. 

Global economic, political and market conditions may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations, including our revenue growth and profitability. 

Our Investment Adviser, its principals, investment professionals and employees and the members of its BDC Investment Committee may have certain conflicts of interest. 

Goldman Sachs s financial and other interests may incentivize our Investment Adviser to favor other Accounts. 

Our financial condition and results of operations depend on our Investment Adviser s ability to manage our future growth effectively. 

Our ability to grow depends on our access to adequate capital. 

We borrow money, which may magnify the potential for gain or loss and may increase the risk of investing in us. 

The Incentive Fee based on income takes into account our past performance, and we may be obligated to pay the Investment Adviser incentive compensation even if we incur a net loss due to a decline in the value of our portfolio. The conflicts of interest faced by the Investment Adviser caused by compensation arrangements with us could result in actions that are not in the best interests of our stockholders. Potential conflicts of interest with other businesses of Goldman Sachs could impact our investment returns. 

Our Board of Directors may change our investment objective, operating policies and strategies without prior notice or stockholder approval. 

We may experience fluctuations in our quarterly results. 

Our investments are very risky and highly speculative. 

Investing in middle-market companies involves a number of significant risks. 

We have exposure to credit risk and other risks related to credit investments. 

Inflation may adversely affect the business, results of operations and financial condition of our portfolio companies. 

We are exposed to risks associated with changes in interest rates, including the current rising interest rate environment. 

Many of our portfolio securities do not have a readily available market price, and we value these securities at fair value as determined in good faith in accordance with the Investment Company Act, which valuation is inherently subjective and may not reflect what we may actually realize for the sale of the investment. 

The lack of liquidity in our investments may adversely affect our business. 

Our portfolio may be focused in a limited number of portfolio companies, which will subject us to a risk of significant loss if any of these companies defaults on its obligations under any of its debt instruments or if there is a downturn in a particular industry. 

We may not be in a position to exercise control over our portfolio companies or to prevent decisions by management of our portfolio companies that could decrease the value of our investments. 

Our failure or inability to make follow-on investments in our portfolio companies could impair the value of our portfolio. 

Our portfolio companies may prepay loans, which may reduce stated yields in the future if the capital returned cannot be invested in transactions with equal or greater expected yields. 

By originating loans to companies that are experiencing significant financial or business difficulties, we may be exposed to distressed lending risks. 

We will have broad discretion over the use of proceeds of the funds we raise from investors and will use proceeds in part to satisfy operating expenses. 

Declines in market prices and liquidity in the corporate debt markets can result in significant net unrealized depreciation of our portfolio, which in turn would affect our results of operations. 

Economic recessions or downturns could impair our portfolio companies and harm our operating results. 

Our portfolio companies may be highly leveraged. 

Investing in our securities involves an above-average degree of risk. 

Investors in offering after the initial closing could receive fewer shares of our common stock than anticipated. 

A stockholder s interest in us will be diluted if we issue additional shares, which could reduce the overall value of an investment in us. 

We may have difficulty paying our required distributions if we recognize taxable income before or without receiving cash representing such income. 

Our common stock is subject to significant transfer restrictions, and an investment in our common stock generally will be illiquid. To the extent an investor is able to sell its common stock, such investor may not be able to recover the amount of its investment in our common stock. 

Certain provisions of our certificate of incorporation and bylaws and the Delaware General Corporation Law DGCL ), as well as other aspects of our structure, including the substantial ownership interest of Group Inc., could deter takeover attempts and have an adverse impact on the price of our common stock. 

Investors may face various tax risks and consequences as a result of their investment in us. 

31 
 
 Table of Contents 
 To the extent OID and PIK interest constitute a portion of our income, we will be exposed to typical risks associated with such income being required to be included in taxable and accounting income prior to receipt of cash representing such income. 

Market Developments and General Business Environment 
 The capital markets are currently in a period of disruption and economic uncertainty. Such market conditions have materially and adversely affected debt and equity capital markets, which have had, and may continue to have, a negative impact on our business and operations. 
 From time to time, capital markets experience periods of disruption and instability. Social and political tensions in the United States and around the world, may contribute to increased market volatility, may have long-term effects on the U.S. and worldwide financial markets, and may cause economic uncertainties or deterioration in the United States and worldwide. The U.S. capital markets have experienced extreme disruption since the global outbreak of COVID-19. Such disruptions have been evidenced by volatility in global stock markets as a result of, among other things, uncertainty regarding the COVID-19 pandemic, the fluctuating price of commodities such as oil, and Russia s military invasion of Ukraine. Despite remedial actions of the U.S. federal government and foreign governments, these events have contributed to worsening general economic conditions that are materially and adversely impacting broader financial and credit markets and reducing the availability of debt and equity capital for the market as a whole. These and any other unfavorable economic conditions could increase our funding costs and/or limit our access to the capital markets. These conditions could continue for a prolonged period of time or worsen in the future. 
 Significant changes or volatility in the capital markets may negatively affect the valuations of our investments. While most of our investments are not publicly traded, applicable accounting standards require us to assume as part of our valuation process that our investments are sold in a principal market to market participants (even if we plan to hold an investment to maturity). Significant changes in the capital markets may also affect the pace of our investment activity and the potential for liquidity events involving our investments. Our valuations, and particularly valuations of private investments and private companies, are inherently uncertain, fluctuate over short periods of time and are often based on estimates, comparisons and qualitative evaluations of private information that may not reflect the full impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, Russia s military invasion of Ukraine, and measures taken in response thereto. Any public health emergency, including the COVID-19 pandemic or an outbreak of other existing or new epidemic diseases, or the threat thereof, and the resulting financial and economic market uncertainty could have a significant adverse impact on us and the fair value of our investments and our portfolio companies. 
 Disruptions in economic activity, such as those caused by the COVID-19 pandemic and Russia s military invasion of Ukraine, have limited and could continue to limit our investment originations, limit our ability to grow, increase our funding costs, and have a material negative impact on our and our portfolio companies operating results and the fair values of our debt and equity investments. Additionally, the recent disruption in economic activity caused by the COVID-19 pandemic and Russia s military invasion of Ukraine has had, and may continue to have, a negative effect on the potential for liquidity events involving our investments. The illiquidity of our investments may make it difficult for us to sell such investments to access capital, if required. As a result, we could realize significantly less than the value at which we have recorded our investments if we were required to sell them to increase our liquidity. An inability on our part to raise incremental capital, and any required sale of all or a portion of our investments as a result, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Current market conditions may make it difficult to raise equity capital, extend the maturity of or refinance our existing indebtedness or obtain new indebtedness with similar terms and any failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our business. In addition, market conditions (including inflation, supply chain issues and decreased consumer demand) have adversely impacted, and could in the future have further negative impact on the operations of certain of our portfolio companies. If the financial results of middle-market companies, like those in which we invest, experience deterioration, it could ultimately lead to difficulty in meeting debt service requirements and an increase in defaults. Further deterioration in market conditions may further depress the outlook for those companies. The debt capital available to us in the future, if available at all, may bear a higher interest rate and may be available only on terms and conditions less favorable than those of our existing debt and such debt may need to be incurred in a rising interest rate environment. If we are unable to raise new debt or refinance our existing debt, then our equity investors will not benefit from the potential for increased returns on equity resulting from leverage, and we may be unable to make new commitments or to fund existing commitments to our portfolio companies. Any inability to extend the maturity of or refinance our existing debt, or to obtain new debt, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Political, social and economic uncertainty, including uncertainty related to the COVID-19 pandemic, and Russia s military invasion of Ukraine, create and exacerbate risks. 
 Social, political, economic and other conditions and events in the United States, the United Kingdom, the European Union and China (such as natural disasters, epidemics and pandemics, terrorism, military conflicts and social unrest) may occur that create uncertainty and have significant impacts on issuers, industries, governments and other systems, including the financial markets, to which companies and their investments are exposed. 
 The uncertainties caused by these conditions and events could result in or coincide with, among other things: increased volatility in the financial markets for securities, derivatives, loans, credit and currency; a decrease in the reliability of market prices and difficulty in valuing assets (including portfolio company assets); greater fluctuations in spreads on debt investments and currency exchange rates; increased risk of default (by both government and private obligors and issuers); changes to governmental regulation and supervision of the loan, securities, derivatives and currency markets and market participants; limitations on the activities of investors in the financial markets; and substantial, and in some periods extremely high, rates of inflation, which can last many years and have substantial negative effects on credit and securities markets. 
 32 
 
 Table of Contents 
 While financial markets have rebounded from the significant declines that occurred early in the pandemic and global economic conditions generally improved in 2021, certain of the circumstances that arose or became more pronounced after the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic have persisted, including: (i) relatively weak consumer confidence; (ii) ongoing heightened credit risk with regard to industries that have been most severely impacted by the pandemic, including, at times, oil and gas, gaming and lodging, and airlines; (iii) higher cyber security, information security and operational risks; and (iv) interruptions in the supply chain that have adversely affected many businesses and have contributed to higher rates of inflation. For example, the COVID-19 pandemic has created disruptions in supply chains and economic activity and contributed to labor difficulties. 
 Depending on the duration and severity of the pandemic going forward, as well as the effects of the pandemic on consumer and corporate confidence, the conditions noted above could continue for an extended period and other adverse developments may occur or reoccur, including (i) the decline in value and performance of us and our portfolio companies, (ii) the ability of our borrowers to continue to meet loan covenants or repay loans provided by us on a timely basis or at all, which may require us to restructure our investments or write down the value of our investments, (iii) our ability to comply with the covenants and other terms of our debt obligations and to repay such obligations, on a timely basis or at all, (iv) our ability to comply with certain regulatory requirements, such as asset coverage requirements under the Investment Company Act, (v) our ability to maintain our distributions at their current level or to pay them at all, or (vi) our ability to source, manage and divest investments and achieve our investment objectives, all of which could result in significant losses to us. We will also be negatively affected if the operations and effectiveness of any of our portfolio companies (or any of the key personnel or service providers of the foregoing) is compromised or if necessary or beneficial systems and processes are disrupted. Even after the COVID-19 pandemic subsides, the U.S. economy, as well as most other major economies, may experience economic recession, and we anticipate our businesses could be materially and adversely affected by a prolonged recession in the United States and other major global markets. See The capital markets are currently in a period of disruption and economic uncertainty. Such market conditions have materially and adversely affected debt and equity capital markets, which have had, and may continue to have, a negative impact on our business and operations . 
 Disruptions in the capital markets, including disruptions resulting from inflation, a rising interest-rate environment, and uncertainties caused by the COVID-19 pandemic and Russia s military invasion of Ukraine have increased the spread between the yields realized on risk-free and higher risk securities, resulting in illiquidity in parts of the capital markets, significant write-offs in the financial sector, and re-pricing of credit risk in the broadly syndicated market. These and future market disruptions and/or illiquidity can be expected to have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Unfavorable economic conditions also would be expected to increase our funding costs, limit our access to the capital markets or result in a decision by lenders not to extend credit to us. These events could limit our investment originations, limit our ability to grow and have a material negative impact on our and our portfolio companies operating results and the fair values of our debt and equity investments. 
 In addition, Russia s invasion of Ukraine in February 2022 and corresponding events have had, and could continue to have, severe adverse effects on regional and global economic markets. Following Russia s actions, various governments, including the government of the United States, have issued broad-ranging economic sanctions against Russia, including, among other actions, a prohibition on doing business with certain Russian companies, large financial institutions, officials and oligarchs; a commitment by certain countries and the European Union to remove selected Russian banks from the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunications, the electronic banking network that connects banks globally; and restrictive measures to prevent the Russian Central Bank from undermining the impact of the sanctions. The duration of hostilities and the vast array of sanctions and related events (including cyber incidents and espionage) cannot be predicted. Those events present material uncertainty and risk with respect to markets globally, which pose potential adverse risks to us and the performance of our investments and operations. Any such market disruptions could affect our portfolio companies operations and, as a result, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Terrorist attacks, acts of war, global health emergencies or natural disasters may impact the businesses in which we invest and harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 Terrorist acts, acts of war, global health emergencies or natural disasters may disrupt our operations, as well as the operations of the businesses in which we invest. Such acts have created, and continue to create, economic and political uncertainties and have contributed to global economic instability. See Market Developments and General Business Environment Political, social and economic uncertainty, including uncertainty related to the COVID-19 pandemic and Russia s military invasion of Ukraine, create and exacerbate risks . Any market disruptions as a result of such acts could affect our portfolio companies operations and, as a result, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Legal and Regulatory 
 Our operation as a BDC imposes numerous constraints on us and significantly reduces our operating flexibility. In addition, if we fail to maintain our status as a BDC, we might be regulated as a registered closed-end investment company, which would subject us to additional regulatory restrictions. 
 The Investment Company Act imposes numerous constraints on the operations of BDCs. For example, BDCs generally are required to invest at least 70 of their total assets primarily in securities of qualifying U.S. private companies or thinly traded public companies, cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities and other high-quality debt investments that mature in one year or less from the time of investment. These constraints may hinder our Investment Adviser s ability to take advantage of attractive investment opportunities and to achieve our investment objective. Furthermore, any failure to comply with the requirements imposed on BDCs by the Investment Company Act could cause the SEC to bring an enforcement action against us and/or expose us to claims of private litigants. 
 33 
 
 Table of Contents 
 We may be precluded from investing in what our Investment Adviser believes are attractive investments if such investments are not qualifying assets for purposes of the Investment Company Act. If we do not invest a sufficient portion of our assets in qualifying assets, we will be prohibited from making any additional investment that is not a qualifying asset and could be forced to forgo attractive investment opportunities. Similarly, these rules could prevent us from making follow-on investments in existing portfolio companies (which could result in the dilution of our position). 
 If we fail to maintain our status as a BDC, we might be regulated as a closed-end investment company that is required to register under the Investment Company Act. This would subject us to additional regulatory restrictions and significantly decrease our operating flexibility. In addition, any such failure could cause us to lose our RIC status or cause an event of default under any outstanding indebtedness we might have, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 We will be subject to U.S. federal income tax at corporate rates (and any applicable U.S. state and local taxes) on all of our income if we are unable to maintain our qualification for tax treatment as a RIC, which would have a material adverse effect on our financial performance. 
 Although we have elected to be treated as a RIC, and we intend to qualify for tax treatment as a RIC annually, we cannot assure you that we will be able to do so. To maintain RIC status and be relieved of U.S. federal income taxes on income and gains distributed to our stockholders, we must meet the annual distribution, source-of-income and quarterly-asset diversification requirements described below. 
 The annual distribution requirement for a RIC will generally be satisfied if we distribute to our stockholders on an annual basis at least 90 of our investment company taxable income (generally, our net ordinary income plus the excess of our realized net short-term capital gains over realized net long-term capital losses, determined without regard to the dividends paid deduction) for each taxable year (the Annual Distribution Requirement ). Because we use debt financing, we are subject to an asset coverage ratio requirement under the Investment Company Act, and we are subject to certain covenants contained in our credit agreements and other debt financing agreements. This asset coverage ratio requirement and these covenants could, under certain circumstances, restrict us from making distributions to our stockholders that are necessary for us to satisfy the Annual Distribution Requirement. If we are unable to obtain cash from other sources, and thus are unable to make sufficient distributions to our stockholders, we could fail to maintain our qualification for RIC tax treatment and thus become subject to corporate-level U.S. federal income tax (and any applicable U.S. state and local taxes). 

The source-of-income requirement will be satisfied if at least 90 of our gross income for each year is derived from dividends, interest, gains from the sale of stock or securities or foreign currencies, payments with respect to loans of certain securities, net income derived from an interest in a qualified publicly traded partnership or other income derived with respect to our business of investing in such stock or securities or foreign currencies. 

The asset diversification requirement will be satisfied if, at the end of each quarter of our taxable year, at least 50 of the value of our assets consists of cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities, securities of other RICs and other acceptable securities, and no more than 25 of the value of our assets is invested in (i) the securities (other than U.S. government securities or securities of other RICs) of one issuer, (ii) the securities (other than the securities of other RICs) of two or more issuers that are controlled, as determined under applicable Code rules, by us and that are engaged in the same or similar or related trades or businesses or (iii) the securities of certain qualified publicly traded partnerships. Failure to meet these requirements may result in our having to dispose of certain investments quickly in order to prevent the loss of our RIC status. Because most of our investments will be made in private companies, and therefore will be relatively illiquid, any such dispositions could be made at disadvantageous prices and could result in substantial losses. 

If we fail to maintain our qualification for tax treatment as a RIC for any reason, and we do not qualify for certain relief provisions under the Code, we would be subject to U.S. federal income tax at corporate rates (and any applicable U.S. state and local taxes). In this event, the resulting taxes and any resulting penalties could substantially reduce our net assets, the amount of our income available for distribution and the amount of our distributions to our stockholders, which would have a material adverse effect on our financial performance. 
 Regulations governing our operations as a BDC affect our ability to, and the way in which we, raise additional capital. These constraints may hinder our Investment Adviser s ability to take advantage of attractive investment opportunities and to achieve our investment objective. 
 Regulations governing our operation as a BDC affect our ability to raise additional capital, and the ways in which we can do so. Raising additional capital may expose us to risks, including the typical risks associated with leverage, and may result in dilution to our current stockholders. The Investment Company Act limits our ability to borrow amounts or issue debt securities or preferred stock, which we refer to collectively as senior securities, to amounts such that our asset coverage ratio, as defined under the Investment Company Act, equals at least 150 immediately after such borrowing or issuance if certain requirements are met, rather than 200 , as previously required and as described below. Consequently, if the value of our assets declines, we may be required to sell a portion of our investments and, depending on the nature of our leverage, repay a portion of our indebtedness at a time when this may be disadvantageous to us and, as a result, our stockholders. The Small Business Credit Availability Act modified the applicable provisions of the Investment Company Act to reduce the required asset coverage ratio applicable to BDCs to 150 , subject to certain approval and disclosure requirements. The Initial Member approved a proposal permitting us to reduce our asset coverage ratio to 150 . 
 We are generally not able to issue and sell our common stock at a price per share below NAV per share. We may, however, sell our common stock, or warrants, options or rights to acquire our common stock, at a price below the then-current NAV per share of our common stock (i) with the consent of a majority of our common stockholders (and a majority of our common stockholders who are not affiliates of ours), and (ii) if, among other things, a majority of our Independent Directors and a majority of our directors who have no financial interest in the transaction determine that a sale is in the best interests of us and our stockholders. 
 34 
 
 Table of Contents 
 There are risks associated with any potential merger with or asset sale to another BDC. 
 Our Investment Adviser may in the future recommend to the Board of Directors that we merge with or sell all or substantially all of our assets to one or more funds, including a fund that could be managed by our Investment Adviser (including another BDC). In connection with a recommendation to the Board of a listing, an IPO or a Merger and dependent upon the relevant facts and circumstances at the time, certain expense adjustment measures may be proposed, including without limitation, potential fee discounts or other expense measures; provided, however, that there is no assurance that any such measures would ultimately be consummated. No such Merger or Asset Sale would be consummated absent the meeting of various conditions required by applicable law or contract, at such time, which may include approval of the board of directors and common equity holders of both funds. If our Investment Adviser is the investment adviser of both funds, various conflicts of interest would exist with respect to any such transaction. Such conflicts of interest may potentially arise from, among other things, differences between the compensation payable to the Investment Adviser by us and by the entity resulting from such a Merger or Asset Sale or efficiencies or other benefits to our Investment Adviser as a result of managing a single, larger fund instead of two separate funds. 
 We incur significant costs as a result of being subject to the reporting requirements under the Exchange Act. 
 We incur legal, accounting and other expenses, including costs associated with the periodic reporting requirements applicable to a company whose securities are registered under the Exchange Act, as well as additional corporate governance requirements, including requirements under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and other rules implemented by the SEC. These requirements may place a strain on our systems and resources. The Exchange Act requires that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with respect to our business and financial condition. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, which requires significant resources and management oversight. See Item 1. Business Compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act . We have implemented procedures, processes, policies and practices for the purpose of addressing the standards and requirements applicable to public companies. These activities may divert management s attention from other business concerns, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We have incurred, and expect to continue to incur, significant annual expenses related to these steps and directors and officers liability insurance, director fees, reporting requirements of the SEC, transfer agent fees, additional administrative expenses payable to our Administrator to compensate it for hiring additional accounting, legal and administrative personnel, increased auditing and legal fees and similar expenses associated with being subject to these reporting requirements. 
 The systems and resources necessary to comply with public company reporting requirements will increase further once we cease to be an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act. As long as we remain an emerging growth company we intend to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public reporting companies, including not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. 
 Efforts to comply with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act involve significant expenditures, and noncompliance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may adversely affect us. 
 While we will not be required to comply with certain requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act until we have been subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act for a specified period of time or cease to be classified as an emerging growth company, under current SEC rules, we will be required to report on our internal control over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act starting with our first full fiscal year after we become subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act. Thereafter, we will be required to review on an annual basis our internal control over financial reporting, and on a quarterly and annual basis to evaluate and disclose changes in our internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, our internal control over financial reporting does not currently meet all of the standards contemplated by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act that we will eventually be required to meet. We will establish formal procedures, policies, processes and practices related to financial reporting and to the identification of key financial reporting risks, assessment of their potential impact and linkage of those risks to specific areas and activities within our organization. 
 The Company s independent registered public accounting firm will not be required to formally attest to the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting until the later of the year following the Company s first annual report required to be filed with the SEC, or the date we are no longer classified as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act. Because we do not currently have comprehensive documentation of our internal control and have not yet tested our internal control in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, we cannot conclude, as required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, that we do not have a material weakness in our internal control or a combination of significant deficiencies that could result in the conclusion that we have a material weakness in our internal control. As a public entity, we will be required to complete our initial assessment in a timely manner. If we are not able to implement the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act in a timely manner or with adequate compliance, our operations, financial reporting or financial results could be adversely affected. Matters impacting its internal control may cause us to be unable to report our financial information on a timely basis and thereby subject us to adverse regulatory consequences, including sanctions by the SEC. 
 35 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Changes in laws or regulations governing our operations or the operations of our portfolio companies, changes in the interpretation thereof or newly enacted laws or regulations, or any failure by us or our portfolio companies to comply with these laws or regulations, could require changes to certain of our or our portfolio companies business practices, negatively impact our or our portfolio companies operations, cash flows or financial condition, impose additional costs on us or our portfolio companies or otherwise adversely affect our business or the business of our portfolio companies. 
 We and our portfolio companies are subject to regulation at the local, state, federal and, in some cases, foreign levels. These laws and regulations, as well as their interpretation, are likely to change from time to time, and new laws and regulations may be enacted. Accordingly, any change in these laws or regulations, changes in their interpretation, or newly enacted laws or regulations, or any failure by us or our portfolio companies to comply with these laws or regulations, could require changes to certain of our or our portfolio companies business practices, negatively impact our or our portfolio companies operations, cash flows or financial condition, impose additional costs on us or our portfolio companies or otherwise adversely affect our business or the business of our portfolio companies. In addition to the legal, tax and regulatory changes that are expected to occur, there may be unanticipated changes and uncertainty regarding any such changes. The legal, tax and regulatory environment for BDCs, investment advisers and the instruments that they utilize (including derivative instruments) is continuously evolving. In addition, there is significant uncertainty regarding certain legislation and the regulations that have been adopted (and future regulations that will need to be adopted pursuant to such legislation) and, consequently, the full impact that such legislation will ultimately have on us and the markets in which we trade and invest is not fully known. Such uncertainty and any resulting confusion may itself be detrimental to the efficient functioning of the markets and the success of certain investment strategies. 
 Legislative and regulatory proposals directed at the financial services industry that are proposed or pending in the U.S. Congress, may negatively impact the operations, cash flows or financial condition of us and our portfolio companies, impose additional costs on us and our portfolio companies, intensify the regulatory supervision of us and our portfolio companies or otherwise adversely affect our business or the business of our portfolio companies. 
 Over the last several years, there also has been an increase in regulatory attention to the extension of credit outside of the traditional banking sector, raising the possibility that some portion of the non-bank financial sector will be subject to new regulation. While we do not know whether any such regulation will be implemented or what form it would take, increased regulation of non-bank credit extension would negatively impact our operations, cash flows or financial condition, impose additional costs on us, intensify the regulatory supervision of us or otherwise adversely affect our business. 
 We may be materially affected by market, economic and political conditions globally and in the jurisdictions and sectors in which we invest or operate, including economic outlook, factors affecting interest rates, the availability of credit, currency exchange rates and trade barriers. Recent populist and anti-globalization movements, particularly in the United States, may result in material changes in economic trade and immigration policies, all of which could lead to significant disruption of global markets and could have adverse consequences for our investments. 
 We cannot predict how new tax legislation will affect us, our investments, or our stockholders, and any such legislation could adversely affect our business. 
 Legislative or other actions relating to taxes could have a negative effect on us. The rules dealing with U.S. federal income taxation are constantly under review by persons involved in the legislative process and by the Internal Revenue Service and the U.S. Treasury Department. Congress has recently enacted significant changes to the existing U.S. tax rules. The likelihood of any new legislation being enacted is uncertain, but new legislation and any U.S. Treasury regulations, administrative interpretations or court decisions interpreting such legislation could significantly and negatively affect our ability to qualify for tax treatment as a RIC or the U.S. federal income tax consequences to us and our stockholders of such qualification and could have other adverse consequences. Stockholders are urged to consult with their tax advisor regarding tax legislative, regulatory, or administrative developments and proposals and their potential effect on an investment in our common stock. 
 The United States Congress recently considered a proposal that would have, if enacted, had a significant adverse impact on individual retirement account IRA investors, including potentially terminating the IRA status of an IRA that acquires or holds an investment in certain private investment funds (including the Company), subjecting all of the investments in the IRA to significant taxes and subjecting the IRA s owner to significant penalties. Other proposed legislation would have, if enacted, limited contributions by or on behalf of a high-income taxpayer to an IRA if the aggregate account balance in all applicable retirement plans (as defined in the proposal) maintained by or on behalf of the taxpayer exceeded a threshold dollar amount. These proposals were not ultimately included in the legislation passed by the United States House of Representatives. Nonetheless, it is possible that either or both of these proposals (or other proposals that would adversely impact IRA investors) could be enacted as part of future tax reform legislative efforts. 
 Our ability to enter into transactions with our affiliates is restricted. 
 As a BDC, we are prohibited under the Investment Company Act from knowingly participating in certain transactions with our affiliates without the prior approval of a majority of our Independent Directors who have no financial interest in the transaction, or in some cases, the prior approval of the SEC. For example, any person that owns, directly or indirectly, 5 or more of our outstanding voting securities is deemed our affiliate for purposes of the Investment Company Act. If this is the only reason such person is our affiliate, we are generally prohibited from buying any asset from, or selling any asset (other than our capital stock) to, such affiliate, absent the prior approval of such directors. The Investment Company Act also prohibits joint transactions with an affiliate, which could include joint investments in the same portfolio company, without approval of our Independent Directors or in some cases the prior approval of the SEC. Moreover, except in certain limited circumstances, we are prohibited from buying any asset from or selling any asset to a holder of more than 25 of our voting securities, absent prior approval of the SEC. The analysis of whether a particular transaction constitutes a joint transaction requires a review of the relevant facts and circumstances then existing. 
 36 
 
 Table of Contents 
 In certain circumstances, we and other Accounts (which may include proprietary accounts of Goldman Sachs) can make negotiated co-investments pursuant to an order from the SEC permitting us to do so. On November 16, 2022, the SEC granted the Relief to the Investment Adviser, the BDCs advised by the Investment Adviser and certain other affiliated applicants. Additionally, if our Investment Adviser forms other funds in the future, we may co-invest alongside such other affiliates, subject to compliance with the Relief, applicable regulations and regulatory guidance, as well as applicable allocation procedures. As a result of the Relief, there could be significant overlap in our investment portfolio and the investment portfolios of other Accounts, including, in some cases, proprietary accounts of Goldman Sachs. 
 In addition, we have filed an application to amend the Relief to permit us to participate in follow-on investments in our existing portfolio companies with certain affiliates covered by the Relief if such affiliates, that are not BDCs or registered investment companies, did not have an investment in such existing portfolio company. There can be no assurance if and when we will receive the amended exemptive order. 
 Our activities may be limited as a result of potentially being deemed to be controlled by GS Group Inc., a bank holding company. 
 GS Group Inc. is a BHC under the BHCA and therefore subject to supervision and regulation by the Federal Reserve. In addition, GS Group Inc. is a FHC under the BHCA, which is a status available to BHCs that meet certain criteria. FHCs may engage in a broader range of activities than BHCs that are not FHCs. However, the activities of FHCs and their affiliates remain subject to certain restrictions imposed by the BHCA and related regulations. Because GS Group Inc. may be deemed to control us within the meaning of the BHCA, these restrictions could apply to us as well. Accordingly, the BHCA and other applicable banking laws, rules, regulations and guidelines, and their interpretation and administration by the appropriate regulatory agencies, including the Federal Reserve, may restrict our investments, transactions and operations and may restrict the transactions and relationships between our Investment Adviser, GS Group Inc. and their respective affiliates, on the one hand, and us on the other hand. For example, the BHCA regulations applicable to GS Group Inc. and to us may restrict our ability to make certain investments or the size of certain investments, impose a maximum holding period on some or all of our investments and restrict our and our Investment Adviser s ability to participate in the management and operations of the companies in which we invest. In addition, certain BHCA regulations may require aggregation of the positions owned, held or controlled by related entities. Thus, in certain circumstances, positions held by GS Group Inc. and its affiliates (including our Investment Adviser) for client and proprietary accounts may need to be aggregated with positions held by us. In this case, where BHCA regulations impose a cap on the amount of a position that may be held, GS Group Inc. may utilize available capacity to make investments for its proprietary accounts or for the accounts of other clients, which may require us to limit and/or liquidate certain investments. 
 These restrictions may materially adversely affect us by affecting our Investment Adviser s ability to pursue certain strategies within our investment program or trade in certain securities. In addition, GS Group Inc. may cease in the future to qualify as an FHC, which may subject us to additional restrictions. Moreover, we can offer no assurance that the bank regulatory requirements applicable to GS Group Inc. and us, or the interpretation thereof, will not change, or that any such change will not have a material adverse effect on us. 
 GS Group Inc. may in the future, in its sole discretion and without notice to investors, engage in activities impacting us and/or our Investment Adviser in order to comply with the BHCA or other legal requirements applicable to, or reduce or eliminate the impact or applicability of any bank regulations or other restrictions on, GS Group Inc., us or other accounts managed by our Investment Adviser and its affiliates. GS Group Inc. may seek to accomplish this result by causing Goldman Sachs Asset Management to resign as our Investment Adviser, voting for changes to our Board of Directors, causing Goldman Sachs personnel to resign from our Board of Directors, reducing the amount of GS Group Inc. s investment in us (if any), revoking our right to use the Goldman Sachs name or any combination of the foregoing, or by such other means as it determines in its sole discretion. Any replacement investment adviser appointed by us may be unaffiliated with Goldman Sachs. 
 Commodity Futures Trading Commission rules may have a negative impact on us and our Investment Adviser. 
 The CFTC and the SEC have issued final rules establishing that certain swap transactions are subject to CFTC regulation. Engaging in such swap or other commodity interest transactions such as futures contracts or options on futures contracts may cause us to fall within the definition of commodity pool under the Commodity Exchange Act and related CFTC regulations. Our Investment Adviser has claimed relief from CFTC registration and regulation as a commodity pool operator pursuant to CFTC Rule 4.5 with respect to our operations, with the result that we will be limited in our ability to use futures contracts or options on futures contracts or engage in swap transactions. Specifically, CFTC Rule 4.5 imposes strict limitations on using such derivatives other than for hedging purposes, whereby the use of derivatives not used solely for hedging purposes is generally limited to situations where (i) the aggregate initial margin and premiums required to establish such positions does not exceed five percent of the liquidation value of our portfolio, after taking into account unrealized profits and unrealized losses on any such contracts it has entered into; or (ii) the aggregate net notional value of such derivatives does not exceed 100 of the liquidation value of our portfolio. Moreover, we anticipate entering into transactions involving such derivatives to a very limited extent solely for hedging purposes or otherwise within the limitations of CFTC Rule 4.5. 
 The AIFM Directive may have a negative impact on our Investment Adviser and its affiliates. 
 The AIFM Directive regulates investment advisors domiciled in the European Union and investment advisors that manage investment funds domiciled or marketed in the European Union. The AIFM Directive imposes certain requirements and restrictions on such investment advisors, which differ based on the domicile of the applicable investment advisor and investment fund and the circumstances under which an investment fund is marketed in the European Union. Such requirements and restrictions may include disclosure and transparency obligations, capital adequacy, valuation and depositary requirements, leverage and investment restrictions, other conduct of business requirements and tax requirements. As a result of the AIFM Directive, an investment advisor may be restricted from marketing investment funds in the European Union, may incur potentially significant increased operating costs, may be unable to engage in certain activities that it otherwise would have and/or may be subject to other adverse consequences. Any of the foregoing could adversely affect the performance of the Company. 
 37 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Our ability to enter into transactions involving derivatives and financial commitment transactions may be limited. 
 In August 2022, Rule 18f-4 under the Investment Company Act, regarding the ability of a BDC (or a registered investment company) to use derivatives and other transactions that create future payment or delivery obligations (including reverse repurchase agreements and similar financing transactions) became effective. Under the newly adopted rule, BDCs that make significant use of derivatives are subject to a value-at-risk leverage limit, a derivatives risk management program, testing requirements, and requirements related to board reporting. These new requirements will apply unless the BDC qualifies as a limited derivatives user, as defined in the rule. Under the new rule, a BDC may enter into an unfunded commitment agreement that is not a derivatives transaction, such as an agreement to provide financing to a portfolio company, if the BDC has, among other things, a reasonable belief, at the time it enters into such an agreement, that it will have sufficient cash and cash equivalents to meet its obligations with respect to all of its unfunded commitment agreements, in each case as it becomes due. Under the final rule, when we trade reverse repurchase agreements or similar financing transactions, including certain tender option bonds, we need to aggregate the amount of indebtedness associated with the reverse repurchase agreements or similar financing transactions with the aggregate amount of any other senior securities representing indebtedness (e.g., bank borrowings, if applicable) when calculating our asset coverage ratio. We currently operate as a limited derivatives user and these requirements may limit our ability to use derivatives and/or enter into certain other financial contracts. 
 Certain investors are limited in their ability to make significant investments in us. 
 Private funds that are excluded from the definition of investment company either pursuant to Section 3(c)(1) or 3(c)(7) of the Investment Company Act and certain other unregistered investment companies are restricted from acquiring directly or through a controlled entity more than 3 of our total outstanding voting stock other than in accordance with the Investment Company Act (measured at the time of the acquisition, including through conversion of convertible securities). Investment companies registered under the Investment Company Act and BDCs are also subject to this restriction as well as other regulatory limitations that restrict the amount that they are able to invest in our securities. As a result, certain investors may be precluded from acquiring additional shares at a time that they might desire to do so. 
 Competition 
 We depend upon management personnel of our Investment Adviser for our future success. 
 We do not have any employees. We depend on the experience, diligence, skill and network of business contacts of Goldman Sachs Asset Management Private Credit, together with other investment professionals that our Investment Adviser currently retains or may subsequently retain, to identify, evaluate, negotiate, structure, close, monitor and manage our investments. Our future success will depend to a significant extent on the continued service and coordination of our Investment Adviser s senior investment professionals. The departure of any of our Investment Adviser s key personnel, including members of the BDC Investment Committee, or of a significant number of the investment professionals of our Investment Adviser, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. In addition, we cannot assure stockholders that our Investment Adviser will remain our investment adviser or that we will continue to have access to our Investment Adviser or its investment professionals. See Our Business and Structure Our Investment Adviser can resign on 60 days notice. We may not be able to find a suitable replacement within that time, resulting in a disruption in our operations that could adversely affect our financial condition, business and results of operations. 
 We operate in a highly competitive market for investment opportunities. 
 A number of entities, including the Accounts and other entities, compete with us to make the types of investments that we make. We compete with other BDCs, commercial and investment banks, commercial financing companies, collateralized loan obligations CLOs ), private funds, including hedge funds, and, to the extent they provide an alternative form of financing, private equity funds. Many of our competitors are more experienced, substantially larger and have considerably greater financial, technical and marketing resources than we do. Some competitors may have a lower cost of funds, perpetual fund lives, and/or access to funding sources that are not available to us. In addition, some of our competitors may have higher risk tolerances or different risk assessments, which could allow them to consider a wider variety of investments and establish more relationships than us. Certain of our competitors are not subject to the regulatory restrictions that the Investment Company Act imposes on us as a BDC and that the Code imposes on us as a RIC. Additionally, an investment opportunity may be appropriate for one or more of us and other Accounts or any other entities managed by our Investment Adviser, and co-investment may not be possible. In such circumstances, the Investment Adviser will adhere to its investment allocation policy in order to determine the Accounts to which to allocate investment opportunities. Also, as a result of this competition, we may not be able to secure attractive investment opportunities from time to time. 
 We do not seek to compete primarily based on the interest rates we offer, and the Investment Adviser believes that some of our competitors may make loans with interest rates that are comparable to or lower than the rates we offer. Rather, we believe our competitive strengths include: (i) the positioning of Goldman Sachs Asset Management Private Credit within Goldman Sachs, given its associated relationship, sourcing and expertise advantages; (ii) Goldman Sachs Asset Management Private Credit s experience and breadth as an investor; (iii) Goldman Sachs Asset Management Private Credit s experienced team and history of investment performance; (iv) Goldman Sachs Asset Management Private Credit s depth, breadth and duration of relationships with financial sponsors, companies, borrowers and other industry participants; and (v) the alignment of interest between the Company and the Goldman Sachs private credit platform through side-by-side investments alongside institutional and retail-focused private credit Accounts, which may include proprietary accounts of Goldman Sachs,. For a further discussion of our competitive strengths, see Item 1. Business Competitive Advantages. 
 38 
 
 Table of Contents 
 We may lose investment opportunities if we do not match our competitors pricing, terms and structure. If we match our competitors pricing, terms and structure, we may experience decreased net interest income and increased risk of credit loss. As a result of operating in such a competitive environment, we may make investments that are on less favorable terms than what we may have originally anticipated, which may impact our return on these investments. We cannot assure investors that the competitive pressures we face will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Operational 
 We are dependent on information systems, and systems failures, as well as operating failures, could significantly disrupt our business, which may, in turn, negatively affect our liquidity, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Our business is dependent on our Investment Adviser s and third parties communications and information systems. Any failure or interruption of those systems, including as a result of the termination of the Investment Management Agreement or an agreement with any third-party service providers, could cause delays or other problems in our activities. Our financial, accounting, data processing, backup or other operating systems and facilities may fail to operate properly or become disabled or damaged as a result of a number of factors including events that are wholly or partially beyond our control and adversely affect our business. There could be: 
 sudden electrical or telecommunications outages; 

natural disasters such as earthquakes, tornadoes and hurricanes; 

disease pandemics; 

events arising from local or larger scale political or social matters, including terrorist acts and acts of war; and/or 

cyber incidents. 

In addition to our dependence on information systems, poor operating performance by our service providers could adversely impact us. 
 These events, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and negatively affect the value of our securities and our ability to pay distributions to our stockholders. 
 Cybersecurity risks and cyber incidents may adversely affect our business or the business of our portfolio companies by causing a disruption to our operations or the operations of our portfolio companies, a compromise or corruption of our confidential information or the confidential information of our portfolio companies and/or damage to our business relationships or the business relationships of our portfolio companies, all of which could negatively impact the business, financial condition and operating results of us or our portfolio companies. 
 Cybersecurity risks and cyber incidents have been occurring globally at a more frequent and severe level, and will likely continue to increase in frequency in the future. The occurrence of a disaster, such as a cyber incident against us, any of our portfolio companies, or against a third-party that has access to our data or networks, a natural catastrophe, an industrial accident, failure of our disaster recovery systems, or consequential employee error, could have an adverse effect on our ability to communicate or conduct business, negatively impacting our operations and financial condition. This adverse effect can become particularly acute if those events affect our electronic data processing, transmission, storage, and retrieval systems, or impact the availability, integrity, or confidentiality of our data. 
 We and our portfolio companies depend heavily upon computer systems to perform necessary business functions. Despite the implementation of a variety of security measures, computer systems, networks, and data, like those of other companies, could be subject to cyber incidents and unauthorized access, use, alteration, or destruction, such as from physical and electronic break-ins or unauthorized tampering. If one or more of these events occurs, it could potentially jeopardize the confidential, proprietary, and other information processed, stored in, and transmitted through our computer systems and networks, or otherwise cause interruptions or malfunctions in our operations, which could result in financial losses, litigation, regulatory penalties, client dissatisfaction or loss, reputational damage, and increased costs associated with mitigation of damages and remediation. 
 Third-party service providers with which we do business may also be sources of cybersecurity or other technological risk. We outsource certain functions and these relationships allow for the storage and processing of our information, as well as client, counterparty, employee, and borrower information. While we engage in actions to reduce our exposure resulting from outsourcing, ongoing threats may result in unauthorized access, loss, exposure, destruction, or other cybersecurity incidents that adversely affects our data, resulting in increased costs and other consequences as described above. 
 Moreover, the increased use of mobile and cloud technologies due to the proliferation of remote work resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic could heighten these and other operational risks as certain aspects of the security of such technologies may be complex and unpredictable. Reliance on mobile or cloud technology or any failure by mobile technology and cloud service providers to adequately safeguard their systems and prevent cyber incidents could disrupt our operations, the operations of a portfolio company or the operations of our or their service providers and result in misappropriation, corruption or loss of personal, confidential or proprietary information or the inability to conduct ordinary business operations. In addition, there is a risk that encryption and other protective measures may be circumvented, particularly to the extent that new computing technologies increase the speed and computing power available. Extended periods of remote working, whether by us, our portfolio companies, or our service providers, could strain technology resources, introduce operational risks and otherwise heighten the risks described above. Remote working environments may be less secure and more susceptible to hacking attacks, including phishing and social engineering attempts. Accordingly, the risks described above, are heightened under the current conditions. 
 39 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Goldman Sachs and these third-party service providers have implemented processes, procedures and internal controls to help mitigate cybersecurity risks and cyber intrusions, but these measures, as well as our increased awareness of the nature and extent of a risk of a cyber-incident, do not guarantee that a cyber incident will not occur and/or that our financial results, operations or confidential information will not be negatively impacted by such an incident. 
 In addition, cybersecurity has become a top priority for lawmakers and regulators around the world, and some jurisdictions have proposed or enacted laws requiring companies to notify regulators and individuals of data security breaches involving certain types of personal data. Compliance with such laws and regulations may result in cost increases due to system changes and the development of new administrative processes. If we or our Investment Adviser or certain of its affiliates, fail to comply with the relevant and increasing laws and regulations, we could suffer financial losses, a disruption of our businesses, liability to investors, regulatory intervention or reputational damage. 
 Our Business and Structure 
 We are a new company and have a limited operating history. 
 We are a new company with limited operating history, and as a result, we have minimal financial information on which to evaluate an investment in us or our prior performance. Stockholders must rely on us to implement our investment policies, to evaluate all of our investment opportunities and to structure the terms of our investments rather than evaluating our investments in advance of purchasing shares of our common stock. Because stockholders are not able to thoroughly evaluate our investments in advance of purchasing our shares, the offering may entail more risk than other types of offerings. This additional risk may hinder the ability of our investors to achieve their own personal investment objectives related to portfolio diversification, risk-adjusted investment returns and other objectives. Additionally, the results of any other Accounts that have or have had an investment program which is similar to, or different from, our investment program are not indicative of the results that we may achieve. We expect to have a different investment portfolio from other Accounts. Accordingly, our results may differ from and are independent of the results obtained by such other Accounts. Moreover, past performance is no assurance of future returns. 
 We are subject to all of the business risks and uncertainties associated with any new business, including the risk that we will not achieve our investment objective and that the value of your investment could decline substantially or your investment could become worthless. We anticipate, based on the amount of proceeds raised in the initial or subsequent closings, that it could take some time to invest substantially all of the capital we expect to raise due to market conditions generally and the time necessary to identify, evaluate, structure, negotiate and close suitable investments in middle-market companies. In order to comply with the RIC diversification requirements during the startup period, we may invest proceeds in temporary investments, such as cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities and other high-quality debt investments that mature in one year or less from the time of investment, which we expect will earn yields substantially lower than the interest, dividend or other income that we seek to receive in respect of suitable portfolio investments. We may not be able to pay any significant distributions during this period, and any such distributions may be substantially lower than the distributions we expect to pay when our portfolio is fully invested. We will pay a Management Fee to our Investment Adviser throughout this interim period irrespective of our performance. If the Management Fee and our other expenses exceed the return on the temporary investments, our equity capital will be eroded. 
 The potentially limited term and the expiration of the Investment Period may impact our investment strategy. 
 Unless earlier liquidated by the Board of Directors or extended by the Board of Directors (and, to the extent necessary, a majority-in-interest of the stockholders), the term of the Company (the Term will end on the sixth anniversary of the Final Closing Date unless an Exit Event occurs prior to that time. Due to the potentially finite term of the Company, we may be required to sell investments at an inopportune time, which could adversely affect our performance and/or cause us to seek to invest in loans with a shorter term than would be the case if our Term were longer, which might adversely affect the nature and/or quality of our investments. 
 Following the expiration of the Investment Period, we will not be permitted to reinvest proceeds realized from the sale or repayment of any investment. Accordingly, we may be required to distribute such proceeds to stockholders, which may cause our fixed expenses to increase as a percentage of assets under management. In addition, any proceeds realized from the sale or repayment of investments could result in an increased concentration of our portfolio, which could increase the risks associated with ownership of the shares of our common stock. For more, see Risk Relating to our Portfolio Company Investments Our portfolio may be focused in a limited number of portfolio companies, which will subject us to a risk of significant loss if any of these companies default on their obligations under any of their debt instruments or if there is a downturn in a particular industry. 
 Global economic, political and market conditions may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations, including our revenue growth and profitability. 
 The current worldwide financial market situation, as well as various social and political tensions in the United States and around the world, have contributed and may continue to contribute to increased market volatility, may have long-term effects on the United States and worldwide financial markets, and may cause economic uncertainties or deterioration in the United States and worldwide. We monitor developments and seek to manage our investments in a manner consistent with achieving our investment objective, but we can offer no assurance that we will be successful in doing so. 
 40 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Our business is directly influenced by the economic cycle, and could be negatively impacted by a downturn in economic activity in the United States as well as globally. Fiscal and monetary actions taken by United States and non-U.S. government and regulatory authorities could have a material adverse impact on our business. To the extent uncertainty regarding the U.S. or global economy negatively impacts consumer confidence and consumer credit factors, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. Moreover, Federal Reserve policy, including with respect to certain interest rates, along with the general policies of the current Presidential administration, may also adversely affect the value, volatility and liquidity of dividend- and interest-paying securities. These conditions, government actions and future developments may cause interest rates and borrowing costs to rise, which may adversely affect our ability to access debt financing on favorable terms and may increase the interest costs of our borrowers, hampering their ability to repay us. Continued or future adverse economic conditions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 If key economic indicators, such as the unemployment rate or inflation, do not progress at a rate consistent with the Federal Reserve s objectives, the target range for the federal funds rate may increase and cause interest rates and borrowing costs to rise, which may negatively impact our ability to access the debt markets on favorable terms and may also increase the costs of our borrowers, hampering their ability to repay us. In addition, in 2022, the Federal Reserve raised short-term interest rates and has indicated additional interest rate increases may come. 
 Legislation may be adopted that could significantly affect the regulation of U.S. financial markets. Areas subject to potential change, amendment or repeal include the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the Dodd-Frank Act and the authority of the Federal Reserve and the Financial Stability Oversight Council. These or other regulatory changes could result in greater competition from banks and other lenders with which we compete for lending and other investment opportunities. The United States may also potentially withdraw from or renegotiate various trade agreements and take other actions that would change current trade policies of the United States. We cannot predict which, if any, of these actions will be taken or, if taken, their effect on the financial stability of the United States. Such actions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our Investment Adviser, its principals, investment professionals and employees and the members of its BDC Investment Committee may have certain conflicts of interest. 
 Our Investment Adviser, its principals, affiliates, investment professionals and employees, the members of its BDC Investment Committee and our officers and directors serve and may serve in the future as investment advisers, officers, directors, principals of, or in other capacities with respect to, public or private entities (including other BDCs and other investment funds) that operate in the same or a related line of business as us. Certain of these individuals could have obligations to investors in other Accounts, the fulfillment of which is not in our best interests or the best interests of our stockholders and we expect that investment opportunities will satisfy the investment criteria for both us and such other Accounts. In addition, Goldman Sachs Asset Management and its affiliates also manage other accounts, and expect to manage other vehicles or accounts in the future, that have investment mandates that are similar, in whole or in part, to ours and, accordingly, may invest in asset classes similar to those targeted by us. As a result, the Investment Adviser and/or its affiliates may face conflicts in allocating investment opportunities between us and such other entities. The fact that our investment advisory fees may be lower than those of certain other funds advised by Goldman Sachs Asset Management could result in this conflict of interest affecting us adversely relative to such other funds. 
 Subject to applicable law, we may invest alongside Goldman Sachs and other Accounts. 
 As a result of the Relief, there could be significant overlap in our investment portfolio and the investment portfolios of other Accounts, including, in some cases, proprietary accounts of Goldman Sachs. In such circumstances, the Investment Adviser will adhere to its investment allocation policy in order to determine the Accounts to which to allocate investment opportunities. If we are unable to rely on the Relief for a particular opportunity, when our Investment Adviser identifies certain investments, it will be required to determine which Accounts should make the investment at the potential exclusion of other Accounts. Accordingly, it is possible that we may not be given the opportunity to participate in investments made by other Accounts. See Legal and Regulatory Our ability to enter into transactions with our affiliates is restricted . 
 Goldman Sachs s financial and other interests may incentivize our Investment Adviser to favor other Accounts. 
 Our Investment Adviser receives performance-based compensation in respect of its investment management activities on our behalf, which rewards our Investment Adviser for positive performance of our investment portfolio. As a result, our Investment Adviser may make investments for us that present a greater potential for return but also a greater risk of loss or that are more speculative than would be the case in the absence of performance-based compensation. In addition, the Investment Adviser may simultaneously manage other Accounts for which the Investment Adviser may be entitled to receive greater fees or other compensation (as a percentage of performance or otherwise) than it receives in respect of us. In addition, subject to applicable law, Goldman Sachs may invest in other Accounts, and such investments may constitute all or substantial percentages of such other Accounts outstanding equity interests. Therefore, the Investment Adviser may have an incentive to favor such other Accounts over us. To address these types of conflicts, the Investment Adviser has adopted policies and procedures under which investment opportunities will be allocated in a manner that it believes is consistent with its obligations as an investment adviser. However, the amount, timing, structuring or terms of an investment by us may differ from, and performance may be different from, the investments and performance of other Accounts. 
 Our financial condition and results of operations depend on our Investment Adviser s ability to manage our future growth effectively. 
 Our ability to achieve our investment objective depends on our Investment Adviser s ability to identify, invest in and monitor companies that meet our investment criteria. 
 41 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Accomplishing this result on a cost-effective basis is largely a function of the structuring of our investment process and the ability of our Investment Adviser to provide competent, attentive and efficient services to us. Our executive officers and the members of the BDC Investment Committee have substantial responsibilities in connection with their roles at our Investment Adviser, with the Accounts, as well as responsibilities under the Investment Management Agreement. We may also be called upon to provide significant managerial assistance to certain of our portfolio companies. These demands on their time, which will increase as the number of investments grow, may distract them or slow the rate of investment. In order to grow, our Investment Adviser may need to hire, train, supervise, manage and retain new employees. However, we cannot assure investors that they will be able to do so effectively. Any failure to manage our future growth effectively could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our ability to grow depends on our access to adequate capital. 
 If we do not have adequate capital available for investment, our performance could be adversely affected. In addition, we elected to be treated as a RIC, and we expect to qualify annually for tax treatment as a RIC, commencing with our taxable year ended December 31, 2021. To maintain our qualification for tax treatment as a RIC, among other requirements, we are required to timely distribute to our stockholders at least 90 of our investment company taxable income (determined without regard to the dividends paid deduction), which is generally our net ordinary income plus the excess of realized net short-term capital gains over realized net long-term capital losses, if any, for each taxable year. Consequently, such distributions will not be available to fund new investments. During the Investment Period, we may issue stock to new investors, but our ability to sell additional securities may be adversely affected by a number of factors including our performance prior to such date or general market conditions. While we are permitted to reinvest proceeds realized from the sale or repayment of investments during the Investment Period, subject to the requirements of Section 852(a) of the Code and the terms of any indebtedness or preferred stock, after the expiration of the Investment Period, we will not be permitted to do so, subject to certain exceptions. Accordingly, after the Investment Period, we expect to use debt financing to fund our growth, if any. Unfavorable economic or capital market conditions may increase our funding costs, limit our access to the capital markets or result in a decision by lenders not to extend credit to us. An inability to successfully access the capital markets could limit our ability to grow our business and fully execute our business strategy and could decrease our earnings, if any. 
 We borrow money, which may magnify the potential for gain or loss and may increase the risk of investing in us. 
 As part of our business strategy, we may borrow from and issue senior debt securities to banks, insurance companies and other lenders or investors. Holders of these senior securities or other credit facilities will have claims on our assets that are superior to the claims of our common stockholders. If the value of our assets decreases, leveraging would cause NAV to decline more sharply than it otherwise would have if we did not employ leverage. Similarly, any decrease in our income would cause net income to decline more sharply than it would have had we not borrowed. Such a decline could negatively affect our ability to make distributions to our common stockholders. In addition, we would have to service any additional debt that we incur, including interest expense on debt and dividends on preferred stock that we may issue, as well as the fees and costs related to the entry into or amendments to debt facilities. These expenses (which may be higher than the expenses on our current borrowings due to the rising interest rate environment) would decrease net investment income, and our ability to pay such expenses will depend largely on our financial performance and will be subject to prevailing economic conditions and competitive pressures. Moreover, leverage will increase the Management Fee payable to our Investment Adviser, which is based on our gross assets, including those assets acquired through the use of leverage but excluding cash and cash equivalents. 
 In addition to having claims on our assets that are superior to the claims of our common stockholders, any obligations to the lenders will be secured by a first-priority security interest in our portfolio of investments and cash. In the case of a liquidation event, those lenders would receive proceeds to the extent of their security interest before any distributions are made to our stockholders. Furthermore, the revolving credit facility with Bank of America, N.A. (the Revolving Credit Facility imposes, and any credit agreement or other debt financing agreement into which we may enter may impose, financial and operating covenants that restrict our investment activities (including restrictions on industry concentrations) remedies on default and similar matters. In connection with any future borrowings, our lenders may also require us to pledge assets. 
 We may, to the extent permitted by applicable law including the Investment Company Act, become co-liable (as a joint borrower, guarantor or otherwise) for borrowings or other types of leverage of our subsidiaries or other entities in which we have an interest, including joint ventures. 
 In addition, we may be unable to obtain our desired leverage, which would, in turn, affect a stockholder s return on investment. 
 We currently do not intend to enter into any collateral and asset reuse arrangements, but may decide to enter into such an arrangement in the future. 
 The following table illustrates the effect of leverage on returns from an investment in our common stock assuming various annual returns on our portfolio, net of expenses. The calculations in the table below are hypothetical, and actual returns may be higher or lower than those appearing in the table below. 

Assumed Return on Our Portfolio (Net of Expenses) 

(10.00) 

(5.00) 

0.00 

5.00 

10.00 

Corresponding Return to Common Stockholders (1) 

(17.38) 

(9.91) 

(2.45) 

5.01 

12.47 

(1) Based on (i) 256.15 million in total assets as of December 31, 2022, (ii) 79.44 million in outstanding indebtedness as of December 31, 2022,, (iii) 171.66 million in net assets as of December 31, 2022, and (iv) annualized average interest rate on our indebtedness, as of December 31, 2022, excluding fees (such as fees on undrawn amounts and amortization of financing costs), of 5.30 . 

42 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Our Investment Adviser will be paid the Management Fee even if the value of an investment in the Company declines and our Investment Adviser s Incentive Fee may create incentives for it to make certain kinds of investments. 
 The Management Fee is payable even in the event the value of a stockholder s investment declines. 
 The Investment Adviser receives substantial fees from us in return for its services, and these fees could influence the advice provided to us. The Management Fee is calculated as a percentage of the average value of our gross assets including borrowed funds (excluding cash or cash equivalents) at the end of the prior two completed calendar quarters. Accordingly, the Management Fee is payable regardless of whether the value of our gross assets and/or an investment in the Company has decreased during the then-current quarter and creates an incentive for the Investment Adviser to incur leverage. 
 The Incentive Fee payable by us to our Investment Adviser may create an incentive for our Investment Adviser to make investments on our behalf that are risky or more speculative than would be the case in the absence of such a compensation arrangement and also to incur leverage, which will tend to enhance returns where our portfolio has positive returns. Our Investment Adviser receives the Incentive Fee based, in part, upon capital gains realized on our investments. As a result, our Investment Adviser may have an incentive to invest more in companies whose securities are likely to yield capital gains, as compared to income-producing securities. Such a practice could result in our investing in more speculative securities than would otherwise be the case, which could result in higher investment losses, particularly during cyclical economic downturns. 
 The Incentive Fee payable by us to our Investment Adviser also may create an incentive for our Investment Adviser to invest on our behalf in instruments that have a deferred interest feature. Under these investments, we accrue the interest over the life of the investment but do not receive the cash income from the investment until the end of the term. Our net investment income used to calculate the income portion of our Incentive Fee, however, includes accrued interest. Thus, a portion of this Incentive Fee is based on income that we have not yet received in cash. This risk could be increased because our Investment Adviser is not obligated to reimburse us for any Incentive Fees received even if we subsequently incur losses or never receive in cash the accrued income (including accrued income with respect to original issue discount OID ), payment-in-kind PIK interest and zero-coupon securities). Furthermore, in the event of a listing, our Investment Adviser will be able to earn a higher Incentive Fee. 
 If we increase leverage, the management fees payable to our Investment Adviser will be higher than if we did not use leverage, irrespective of the return on the incremental assets. In addition, as leverage generally would magnify positive returns, if any, on our portfolio, as noted above, the use of leverage may cause our net investment income to exceed the quarterly hurdle rate for the Incentive Fee on income payable to our Investment Adviser at a lower average return on our portfolio. 
 The Incentive Fee based on income takes into account our past performance. 
 The Incentive Fee based on income will be determined and paid quarterly in arrears at the end of each calendar quarter by reference to our aggregate net investment income, as adjusted, from the Trailing Twelve Quarters. The effect of calculating the Incentive Fee using reference to the Trailing Twelve Quarters is that, in certain limited circumstances, an Incentive Fee based on income will be payable to our Investment Adviser although our net income for such quarter did not exceed the hurdle rate or the Incentive Fee will be higher than it would have been if calculated based on our performance for the applicable quarter without taking into account the Trailing Twelve Quarters. For example, if we experience a net loss for any particular quarter, an Incentive Fee may still be paid to our Investment Adviser if such net loss is less than the net loss for the most recent quarter that preceded the Trailing Twelve Quarters. In such circumstances, our Investment Adviser would be entitled to an Incentive Fee whereas it would not have been entitled to an Incentive Fee if calculated solely on the basis of our performance for the applicable quarter. 
 Potential conflicts of interest with other businesses of Goldman Sachs could impact our investment returns. 
 There are significant potential conflicts of interest that could negatively impact our investment returns. A number of these potential conflicts of interest with affiliates of our Investment Adviser and GS Group Inc. are discussed in more detail elsewhere in this report. 
 43 
 
 Table of Contents 
 GS Group Inc. is a publicly held FHC and a leading global financial institution that provides investment banking, securities, and investment management services to a diversified client base, including companies and high-net-worth individuals, among others. As such, it acts as an investor, investment banker, research provider, investment manager, financier, adviser, market maker, trader, prime broker, derivatives dealer, lender, counterparty, agent and principal. In those and other capacities, Goldman Sachs and its affiliates advise clients in all markets and transactions and purchase, sell, hold and recommend a broad array of investments, including securities, derivatives, loans, commodities, currencies, credit default swaps, indices, baskets and other financial instruments and products for its own accounts or for the accounts of their customers, and have other direct and indirect interests, in the global fixed income, currency, commodity, equity, bank loans and other markets in which we invest or may invest. Such additional businesses and interests will likely give rise to potential conflicts of interest and may restrict the way we operate our business. For example, (1) we may not be able to conduct transactions relating to investments in portfolio companies because our Investment Adviser is not permitted to obtain or use material nonpublic information in effecting purchases and sales in public securities transactions for us or (2) Goldman Sachs, the clients it advises, and its personnel may engage (or consider engaging) in commercial arrangements or transactions with us (subject to any limitations under the law), and/or may compete for commercial arrangements or transactions in the same types of companies, assets, securities or other assets or instruments as us. Transactions by, advice to and activities of such accounts (including potentially Goldman Sachs acting on a proprietary basis), may involve the same or related companies, securities or other assets or instruments as those in which we invest and may negatively affect us (including our ability to engage in a transaction or other activities) or the prices or terms at which our transactions or other activities may be effected. For example, Goldman Sachs may be engaged to provide advice to an account that is considering entering into a transaction with us, and Goldman Sachs may advise the account not to pursue the transaction with us, or otherwise in connection with a potential transaction provide advice to the account that would be adverse to us. See Our Investment Adviser, its principals, investment professionals and employees and the members of its BDC Investment Committee may have certain conflicts of interest and Legal and Regulatory Our ability to enter into transactions with our affiliates is restricted . 
 In addition, subject to applicable law, GS Co. may, to the extent permitted by applicable law, including the limitations set forth in Section 57(k) of the Investment Company Act, receive compensation from us or from the borrowers if we make any investments based on opportunities that such employees or personnel of GS Co. have referred to us. Such compensation might incentivize GS Co. or its employees or personnel to refer opportunities or to recommend investments that might otherwise be unsuitable for us. Further, any such compensation paid by us, or paid by the borrower (to which we would otherwise have been entitled) in connection with such investments, may negatively impact our returns. 
 Furthermore, Goldman Sachs is currently, and in the future expects to be, raising capital for new public and private investment vehicles that have, or when formed will have, the primary purpose of directly originating senior secured corporate credit. These investment vehicles, as well as existing investment vehicles (including other Accounts), will compete with us for investments. Although our Investment Adviser and its affiliates will endeavor to allocate investment opportunities among its clients, including us, in a fair and equitable manner and consistent with applicable allocation procedures, it is expected that, in the future, we may not be given the opportunity to participate in investments made by other Accounts or that we may participate in such investments to a lesser extent due to participation by such other Accounts. 
 In addition, Goldman Sachs or another investment account or vehicle managed or controlled by Goldman Sachs or another client of the Investment Adviser may hold securities, loans or other instruments of a portfolio company in a different class or a different part of the capital structure than securities, loans or other instruments of such portfolio company held by us. As a result, Goldman Sachs or such other investment account or vehicle or such other client of the Investment Adviser may pursue or enforce rights or activities, or refrain from pursuing or enforcing rights or activities, on behalf of its own account, that could have an adverse effect on us. In addition, to the extent Goldman Sachs has invested in a portfolio company for its own account, Goldman Sachs may limit the transactions engaged in by us with respect to such portfolio company or issuer for reputational, legal, regulatory or other reasons. 
 Stockholders should note the matters discussed in Legal and Regulatory Our ability to enter into transactions with our affiliates is restricted . 
 Our Board of Directors may change our investment objective, operating policies and strategies without prior notice or stockholder approval. 
 Our Board of Directors has the authority to modify or waive certain of our operating policies and strategies without prior notice (except as required by the Investment Company Act or other applicable laws) and without stockholder approval. However, absent stockholder approval, we may not change the nature of our business so as to cease to be, or withdraw our election as, a BDC. We cannot predict the effect any changes to our current operating policies and strategies would have on our business, operating results and value of our securities. Nevertheless, the effects may adversely affect our business and impact our ability to make distributions or make payments with respect to our indebtedness. 
 Our Investment Adviser can resign on 60 days notice. We may not be able to find a suitable replacement within that time, resulting in a disruption in our operations that could adversely affect our financial condition, business and results of operations. 
 Our Investment Adviser has the right, under the Investment Management Agreement, to resign at any time upon 60 days written notice, regardless of whether we have found a replacement. If our Investment Adviser resigns, we may not be able to find a new external investment adviser or hire internal management with similar expertise and ability to provide the same or equivalent services on acceptable terms within 60 days, or at all. If we are unable to do so quickly, our operations are likely to experience a disruption, our financial condition, business and results of operations as well as our ability to pay distributions are likely to be adversely affected, and the value of our securities may decline. 
 44 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Our Investment Adviser s responsibilities and its liability to us are limited under the Investment Management Agreement, which may lead our Investment Adviser to act in a riskier manner on our behalf than it would when acting for its own account. 
 Our Investment Adviser will not be liable for any error of judgment or mistake of law or for any loss suffered by us in connection with the matters to which the Investment Management Agreement relates, except a loss resulting from willful misfeasance, bad faith or gross negligence on our Investment Adviser s part in the performance of its duties or from reckless disregard by our Investment Adviser of its obligations and duties under the Investment Management Agreement. Any person, even though also employed by our Investment Adviser, who may be or become an employee of and paid by us shall be deemed, when acting within the scope of his or her employment by us, to be acting in such employment solely for us and not as our Investment Adviser s employee or agent. These protections may lead our Investment Adviser to act in a riskier manner when acting on our behalf than it would when acting for its own account. See Our Business and Structure Our Investment Adviser will be paid the Management Fee even if the value of an investment in the Company declines and our Investment Adviser s Incentive Fee may create incentives for it to make certain kinds of investments . 
 If we consummate a listing, the Management Fee and Incentive Fee will increase. 
 Subsequent to a listing, the Management Fee will be calculated as a percentage of the average of our gross assets including assets purchased with borrowed amounts (excluding cash and cash equivalents) at the end of the then-current calendar quarter and the prior calendar quarter, which will result in a higher Management Fee for a given level of assets when compared to the current Management Fee calculated based on NAV and will create an incentive for our Investment Adviser to incur leverage. In addition, subsequent to a listing, the Incentive Fee on income will increase from 15 to 20 of our Ordinary Income and the Incentive Fee on capital gains will increase from 15 to 20 of our aggregate realized capital gains net of our aggregate realized capital losses and our aggregate unrealized capital depreciation (in each case calculated from the date of such listing). 
 We may experience fluctuations in our quarterly results. 
 We could experience fluctuations in our quarterly operating results due to a number of factors, including interest rates payable on debt investments we make, default rates on such investments, the level of our expenses, variations in and the timing of the recognition of realized and unrealized gains or losses, the degree to which we encounter competition in certain markets and general economic conditions. As a result of these factors, results for any period should not be relied upon as being indicative of performance in future periods or the full fiscal year. 
 Investors may fail to pay their undrawn Commitments. 
 The obligations of stockholders to fund Undrawn Commitments is without defense, counterclaim or offset of any kind. However, if a stockholder fails to pay any amount of its Commitment when called, other stockholders who have an Undrawn Commitment may be required to fund their respective Commitments sooner and in a greater amount (but not more than their Undrawn Commitment) than they otherwise would have absent such a default. 
 In addition, if funding of Commitments by other stockholders and borrowings by us are inadequate to cover defaulted Commitments, we may make fewer Investments and be less diversified than if all stockholders had paid their contributions. Additionally, we may be forced to obtain substitute sources of liquidity by selling Investments to meet our funding obligations. Such forced sales of investment assets by us may be at disadvantageous prices. In addition, if we are not able to obtain substitute sources of liquidity, we may default on our funding obligations. 
 We are subject to risks related to corporate social responsibility. 
 Our business faces increasing public scrutiny related to environmental, social and governance ESG activities, which are increasingly considered to contribute to the long-term sustainability of a company s performance. A variety of organizations measure the performance of companies on ESG topics, and the results of these assessments are widely publicized. In addition, investment in funds that specialize in companies that perform well in such assessments are increasingly popular, and major institutional investors have publicly emphasized the importance of such ESG measures to their investment decisions. 
 Our brand and reputation may be negatively impacted if we fail to act responsibly in a number of areas, such as considering ESG factors in our investment processes. Adverse incidents with respect to ESG activities could impact the value of our brand and our relationships with investors, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 Additionally, new regulatory initiatives related to ESG could adversely affect our business. The SEC has proposed rules that, in addition to other matters, would establish a framework for reporting of climate-related risks. For example, the SEC has announced that it may require disclosure of certain ESG-related matters. There is a risk that a significant reorientation in the market following the implementation of these and further measures could be adverse to our portfolio companies if they are perceived to be less valuable as a consequence of, for example, their carbon footprint or greenwashing (i.e., the holding out of a product as having green or sustainable characteristics where this is not, in fact, the case). We are, and our portfolio companies may be, or could in the future become subject to the risk that similar measures might be introduced in other jurisdictions in the future. At this time, there is uncertainty regarding the scope of such proposals or when they would become effective (if at all). Compliance with any new laws or regulations increases our regulatory burden and could make compliance more difficult and expensive, affect the manner in which we or our portfolio companies conduct our businesses and adversely affect our profitability. 
 45 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Our Portfolio Company Investments 
 Our investments are very risky and highly speculative. 
 We invest primarily through direct originations of secured debt, including first lien, unitranche, and last-out portions of such loans; second-lien debt; unsecured debt, including mezzanine debt; and select equity investments. The securities in which we invest typically are not rated by any rating agency, and if they were rated, they would be below investment grade (rated lower than Baa3 by Moody s Investors Service, Inc. and lower than BBB- by Fitch Ratings or Standard Poor s Ratings Services). These securities, which may be referred to as junk bonds, high yield bonds or leveraged loans, have predominantly speculative characteristics with respect to the issuer s capacity to pay interest and repay principal. 
 In addition, we may also originate covenant-lite loans, which are loans with fewer financial maintenance covenants than other obligations, or no financial maintenance covenants. Such covenant-lite loans may not include terms that allow the lender to monitor the performance of the borrower or to declare a default if certain criteria are breached. These flexible covenants (or the absence of covenants) could permit borrowers to experience a significant downturn in their results of operations without triggering any default that would permit holders of their debt (such as us) to accelerate indebtedness or negotiate terms and pricing. Accordingly, to the extent we invest in covenant-lite loans, we may have fewer rights against a borrower and may have a greater risk of loss on such investments as compared to investments in or exposure to loans with financial maintenance covenants. Therefore, our investments may result in an above-average amount of risk and volatility or loss of principal. We also may invest in other assets, including U.S. government securities and structured securities. These investments entail additional risks that could adversely affect our investment returns. 
 Secured Debt. When we make a secured debt investment, we generally take a security interest in the available assets of the portfolio company, including the equity interests of any subsidiaries, which we expect to help mitigate the risk that we will not be repaid. However, there is a risk that the collateral securing our debt investment may decrease in value over time, may be difficult to sell in a timely manner, may be difficult to appraise and may fluctuate in value based upon the success of the business and market conditions, including as a result of the inability of the portfolio company to raise additional capital. In some circumstances, our lien could be subordinated to claims of other creditors, such as trade creditors. In addition, deterioration in a portfolio company s financial condition and prospects, including its inability to raise additional capital, may be accompanied by deterioration in the value of the collateral for the debt investment. Consequently, the fact that our debt is secured does not guarantee that we will receive principal and interest payments according to the debt investment s terms, or at all, or that we will be able to collect on the loan, in full or at all, should we enforce our remedies. 
 Unsecured Debt, Including Mezzanine Debt. Our unsecured debt investments, including mezzanine debt investments, generally will be subordinated to senior debt in the event of an insolvency. This may result in an above average amount of risk and loss of principal. 
 Revolving Credit Facilities. From time to time we may acquire or originate revolving credit facilities in connection with our investments in other assets, which may result in our holding unemployed funds, negatively impacting our returns. 
 Equity Investments. When we invest in secured debt or unsecured debt, including mezzanine debt, we may acquire equity securities from the company in which we make the investment. In addition, we may invest in the equity securities of portfolio companies independent of any debt investment. Our goal is ultimately to dispose of such equity interests and realize gains upon our disposition of such interests. However, the equity interests we hold may not appreciate in value and, in fact, may decline in value. Accordingly, we may not be able to realize gains from our equity interests, and any gains that we do realize on the disposition of any equity interests may not be sufficient to offset any other losses we experience. 
 Investing in middle-market companies involves a number of significant risks. 
 Investing in middle-market companies involves a number of significant risks, including: 
 such companies may have limited financial resources and may be unable to meet their obligations under their debt securities that we hold, which may be accompanied by a deterioration in the value of any collateral and a reduction in the likelihood of us realizing any guarantees we may have obtained in connection with our investment; 

such companies typically have shorter operating histories, narrower product lines and smaller market shares than larger businesses, which tend to render them more vulnerable to competitors actions and market conditions, as well as general economic downturns; 

such companies are more likely to depend on the management talents and efforts of a small group of persons; therefore, the death, disability, resignation or termination of one or more of these persons could have a material adverse impact on our portfolio company and, in turn, on us; 

such companies generally have less predictable operating results, may from time to time be parties to litigation, may be engaged in rapidly changing businesses with products subject to a substantial risk of obsolescence and may require substantial additional capital to support their operations, finance expansion or maintain their competitive position; 

there is generally little public information about these companies, they and their financial information are not subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act and other regulations that govern public companies and we may be unable to uncover all material information about these companies, which may prevent us from making a fully informed investment decision and cause us to lose money on our investments; 

our executive officers, directors and Investment Adviser may, in the ordinary course of business, be named as defendants in litigation arising from our investments in the portfolio companies; and 

such companies may have difficulty accessing the capital markets to meet future capital needs, which may limit their ability to grow or to repay their outstanding indebtedness, including any debt securities held by us, upon maturity. 

46 
 
 Table of Contents 
 We have exposure to credit risk and other risks related to credit investments. 
 Our investments are subject to liquidity, market value, credit, interest rate and certain other risks. In addition, we cannot assure you that the Investment Adviser will correctly evaluate the nature and magnitude of the various factors that could affect the value and return of our investments. These risks could be exacerbated to the extent that the portfolio is concentrated in one or more particular types of investments or industry sectors or regions. 
 Prices of our investments may be volatile and may fluctuate as a result of a variety of factors that are inherently difficult to predict, including changes in interest rates, prevailing credit spreads, general economic conditions, financial market conditions, domestic and international economic or political events, developments or trends in any particular industry, and the financial condition of the issuers or obligors of the investments. Investments that become non-performing, or defaulted loans or securities may become subject to a workout negotiation or restructuring. This may entail a substantial reduction in the interest rate, a substantial write-down of principal, and a substantial change in the terms, conditions and covenants of these investments. To the extent that defaulted investments are sold, it is unlikely that the sale proceeds will be equal to the amount of unpaid principal and interest thereon. In addition, we may incur additional expenses to the extent we are required to seek recovery upon a default or to participate in the restructuring of a non-performing or defaulted investment. We can offer no assurance as to the levels of defaults and/or recoveries that may be experienced on the investments. 
 Secured investments may also be subject to the risk that the security interests granted by the portfolio company obligors in the underlying collateral are not properly or fully perfected in favor of lenders (or their agents). Compounding these risks, the collateral securing the secured investments may be subject to casualty, impairment or devaluation risks. 
 Portfolio companies may also be permitted to issue additional indebtedness that would increase the overall leverage and fixed charges to which the portfolio companies are subject. Such additional indebtedness could have structural or contractual priority, either as to specific assets or generally, over the ranking of the investments held by us or could rank on a parity or seniority basis with respect to our investments. In the event of any default, restructuring or insolvency event of a portfolio company, we could be subordinated to, or be required to share on a ratable basis with, any recoveries in favor of the holders of such other or additional indebtedness. Our recoveries may be impaired as a result of the rights of holders of other indebtedness under any intercreditor agreement governing the relative rights of the indebtedness. 
 Our debt investments may also have no amortization and limited interim repayment requirements, which may increase the risk that a portfolio company will not be able to repay or refinance the debt investment when it comes due at its final stated maturity. 
 Inflation may adversely affect the business, results of operations and financial condition of our portfolio companies. 
 Certain of our portfolio companies may be impacted by inflation, such as current inflation related to global supply chain disruptions. Recent inflationary pressures have increased the costs of labor, energy and raw materials and have adversely affected consumer spending, economic growth and our portfolio companies operations. Certain of our portfolio companies may be in industries that have been, or are expected to be, affected by inflation. If such portfolio companies are unable to pass any increases in their costs along to their customers, it could adversely affect their results and impact their ability to pay interest and principal on our loans. In addition, any projected future decreases in our portfolio companies operating results due to inflation could adversely impact the fair value of those investments. Any decreases in the fair value of our investments could result in unrealized losses and therefore reduce our net assets resulting from operations. 
 While the United States and other developed economies are experiencing higher-than-normal inflation rates, it remains uncertain whether substantial inflation will be sustained over an extended period of time or have a significant effect on the U.S. economy or other economies. Inflation may affect our investments adversely in a number of ways, including those noted above. During periods of rising inflation, interest and dividend rates of any instruments we or our portfolio companies may have issued could increase, which would tend to reduce returns to our investors. Inflationary expectations or periods of rising inflation could also be accompanied by the rising prices of commodities that are critical to the operation of portfolio companies as noted above. Portfolio companies may have fixed income streams and, therefore, be unable to pay their debts when they become due. The market value of such investments may decline in value in times of higher inflation rates. Some of our portfolio investments may have income linked to inflation through contractual rights or other means. However, as inflation may affect both income and expenses, any increase in income may not be sufficient to cover increases in expenses. Governmental efforts to curb inflation often have negative effects on the level of economic activity. In an attempt to stabilize inflation, certain countries have imposed wage and price controls at times. Past governmental efforts to curb inflation have also involved more drastic economic measures that have had a materially adverse effect on the level of economic activity in the countries where such measures were employed. We can offer no assurance that continued and more widespread inflation in the United States and/or other economies will not become a serious problem in the future and have a material adverse impact on us. 
 47 
 
 Table of Contents 
 We are exposed to risks associated with changes in interest rates, including the current rising interest rate environment. 
 Debt investments that we make may be based on floating rates, such as SOFR (as defined below), LIBOR, SONIA (as defined below), the Euro Interbank Offered Rate, the Federal Funds Rate or the Prime Rate. General interest rate fluctuations may have a substantial negative impact on our investments, the value of our securities and our rate of return on invested capital. It is unclear how increased regulatory oversight and the future of LIBOR may affect market liquidity and the value of the financial obligations to be held by or issued to us that are linked to LIBOR, or how such changes could affect our investments and transactions and financial condition or results of operations. Historically, the London Inter-Bank Offered Rate LIBOR was the basic rate of interest used in lending transactions between banks on the London interbank market and is widely used as a reference for setting the interest rate on loans globally. In July 2017, the Financial Conduct Authority announced its intention to cease sustaining the LIBOR, by the end of 2021. As of January 1, 2023, US-dollar USD LIBOR is available in five settings (overnight, one-month, three-month, six-month and 12-month). The ICE Benchmark Administration has stated that it will cease to publish all remaining USD LIBOR settings immediately following their publication on June 30, 2023. Recently the ICE Benchmark Administration further announced that it will publish synthetic USD LIBOR rates until September 2024. It is not yet known how synthetic LIBOR will be incorporated into credit facilities, if at all. 
 In April 2018, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York began publishing its alternative rate, the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR ). The Bank of England followed suit in April 2018 by publishing its proposed alternative rate, the Sterling Overnight Index Average SONIA ). Each of SOFR and SONIA significantly differ from LIBOR in how each rate is calculated, and potentially in the actual rate as well. Since January 1, 2022, our new investments are generally indexed to SOFR; however, we have prior contracts that remain indexed to LIBOR. Certain contracts have an orderly market transition already in process; however, other contracts will need to be renegotiated to replace LIBOR with an alternative reference rate. We expect that going forward, all our new USD-denominated investments will be indexed to SOFR, absent a significant market shift away from such rate as an accepted replacement for LIBOR. Our Revolving Credit Facility previously transitioned from a LIBOR-based rate of interest to a SOFR-based rate of interest. Due to this transition, amounts drawn under our Revolving Credit Facility may bear interest at a higher rate than they would if LIBOR had continued to be used, which would increase the cost of our borrowings and, in turn, affect our results of operations. 
 A reduction in the interest rates on new investments relative to interest rates on current investments could also have an adverse impact on our net interest income. However, an increase in interest rates could decrease the value of any investments we hold which earn fixed interest rates, including subordinated loans, senior and junior secured and unsecured debt securities and loans and high yield bonds, and also could increase our interest expense, thereby decreasing our net income. Also, an increase in interest rates available to investors could make an investment in our common stock less attractive if we are not able to increase our dividend rate, which could reduce the value of our common stock. Further, rising interest rates could also adversely affect our performance if such increases cause our borrowing costs to rise at a rate in excess of the rate that our investments yield. 
 In 2022, the Federal Reserve raised short-term interest rates and has indicated additional interest rate increases may come. Changing interest rates may have unpredictable effects on markets, may result in heightened market volatility and may detract from our performance to the extent we are exposed to such interest rates and/or volatility. In periods of rising interest rates, such as the current interest rate environment, to the extent we borrow money subject to a floating interest rate, our cost of funds would increase, which could reduce our net investment income. Further, rising interest rates could also adversely affect our performance if such increases cause our borrowing costs to rise at a rate in excess of the rate that our investments yield. Further, rising interest rates could also adversely affect our performance if we hold investments with floating interest rates, subject to specified minimum interest rates (such as a LIBOR or SOFR floor, as applicable), while at the same time engaging in borrowings subject to floating interest rates not subject to such minimums. In such a scenario, rising interest rates may increase our interest expense, even though our interest income from investments is not increasing in a corresponding manner as a result of such minimum interest rates. 
 If general interest rates continue to rise, there is a risk that the portfolio companies in which we hold floating rate securities will be unable to pay escalating interest amounts, which could result in a default under their loan documents with us. Rising interest rates could also cause portfolio companies to shift cash from other productive uses to the payment of interest, which may have a material adverse effect on their business and operations and could, over time, lead to increased defaults. In addition, rising interest rates may increase pressure on us to provide fixed rate loans to our portfolio companies, which could adversely affect our net investment income, as increases in our cost of borrowed funds would not be accompanied by increased interest income from such fixed-rate investments. 
 A change in the general level of interest rates can be expected to lead to a change in the interest rates we receive on many of our debt investments. Accordingly, a change in the interest rate could make it easier for us to meet or exceed the performance threshold in the Investment Management Agreement and may result in a substantial increase in the amount of incentive fees payable to our Investment Adviser with respect to the portion of the Incentive Fee based on income. 
 48 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Many of our portfolio securities do not have a readily available market price, and we value these securities at fair value as determined in good faith in accordance with the Investment Company Act, which valuation is inherently subjective and may not reflect what we may actually realize for the sale of the investment. 
 The majority of our investments are, and are expected to continue to be, in debt instruments that do not have readily ascertainable market prices. The fair value of assets that are not publicly traded or whose market prices are not readily available are determined in good faith under procedures adopted by the Investment Adviser, as the valuation designee. As the valuation designee, the Investment Adviser is primarily responsible for the valuation of our assets, subject to the oversight of the Board, in accordance with Rule 2a-5 under the Investment Company Act. As the valuation designee, the Investment Adviser utilizes the services of independent third-party valuation firms Independent Valuation Advisors engaged by us in determining the fair value of a portion of the securities in our portfolio. Investment professionals from our Investment Adviser also recommend portfolio company valuations using sources and/or proprietary models depending on the availability of information on our assets and the type of asset being valued, all in accordance with our valuation policy. The participation of our Investment Adviser in our valuation process could result in a conflict of interest, as the Management Fee is based in part on our gross assets and also because our Investment Adviser is receiving a performance-based Incentive Fee. 
 In addition, the Investment Adviser may value an identical asset differently than Goldman Sachs, another division or unit within Goldman Sachs, or another Account values the asset, including because Goldman Sachs, or such other division, or unit, or Account has information or uses valuation techniques and models that it does not share with, or that are different from those of the Investment Adviser or from us. These valuation differences for the same asset can result in significant differences in the treatment of such asset by the Investment Adviser, Goldman Sachs, and other divisions or units of Goldman Sachs, and/or among Accounts (for example, with respect to an asset that is a loan, there can be differences when it is determined that such loan is deemed to be on nonaccrual status and/or in default). See Our Business and Structure Potential conflicts of interest with other businesses of Goldman Sachs could impact our investment returns. 
 Because fair valuations, and particularly fair valuations of private securities and private companies, are inherently uncertain, may fluctuate over short periods of time and are often based to a large extent on estimates, comparisons and qualitative evaluations of private information, it may be more difficult for investors to value accurately our investments and could lead to undervaluation or overvaluation of our common stock. In addition, the valuation of these types of securities may result in substantial write-downs and earnings volatility. 
 On December 3, 2020, the SEC announced that it adopted Rule 2a-5 under the Investment Company Act, which establishes an updated regulatory framework for determining fair value in good faith for purposes of the Investment Company Act. The new rule clarifies how fund boards can satisfy their valuation obligations in light of recent market developments. The rule will permit boards, subject to board oversight and certain other conditions, to designate certain parties to perform the fair value determinations. The new rule went into effect on March 8, 2021 and had a compliance date of September 8, 2022. In accordance with this rule and as discussed above, our Board of Directors has designated our Investment Adviser as the valuation designee primarily responsible for the valuation of our assets, subject to the oversight of the Board of Directors, and we are in compliance with this rule. 
 Our NAV as of a particular date may be materially greater than or less than the value that would be realized if our assets were to be liquidated as of such date. For example, if we were required to sell a certain asset or all or a substantial portion of our assets on a particular date, the actual price that we would realize upon the disposition of such asset or assets could be materially less than the value of such asset or assets as reflected in our NAV. Volatile market conditions could also cause reduced liquidity in the market for certain assets, which could result in liquidation values that are materially less than the values of such assets as reflected in our NAV. 
 When our NAV is determined other than on a quarter-end (such as in connection with issuances of shares of our common stock on dates occurring mid-quarter), such determinations of NAV are generally made by our Investment Adviser, acting under delegated authority from, and subject to the supervision of our Board of Directors. While such NAV determinations are made in accordance with procedures adopted by our Board of Directors, such intra-quarter NAV determinations do not follow the same procedures as quarter-end NAV determinations, such as the input of our Audit Committee or Independent Valuation Advisors, which may heighten the risks described above. However, we intend to comply at all times with the limitations of Section 23 under the Investment Company Act (which generally prohibits us from issuing shares of common stock at a price below the then-current NAV of the shares of common stock as determined within 48 hours, excluding Sundays and holidays, of such issuance, subject to certain exceptions). 
 49 
 
 Table of Contents 
 The lack of liquidity in our investments may adversely affect our business. 
 Various restrictions render our investments relatively illiquid, which may adversely affect our business. As we generally make investments in private companies, substantially all of these investments are subject to legal and other restrictions on resale or are otherwise less liquid than publicly traded securities. Our Investment Adviser is not permitted to obtain or use material non-public information in effecting purchases and sales in public securities transactions for us, which could create an additional limitation on the liquidity of our investments. The illiquidity of our investments may make it difficult for us to sell such investments if the need arises. Therefore, if we are required to or desire to liquidate all or a portion of our portfolio quickly, we could realize significantly less than the value at which we have recorded our investments or could be unable to dispose of our investments in a timely manner or at such times as we deem advisable. 
 Our portfolio may be focused in a limited number of portfolio companies, which will subject us to a risk of significant loss if any of these companies defaults on its obligations under any of its debt instruments or if there is a downturn in a particular industry. 
 We are classified as a non-diversified investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act, which means that we are not limited by the Investment Company Act with respect to the proportion of our assets that we may invest in securities of a single issuer, excluding limitations on investments in certain other financial and investment companies. To the extent that we assume large positions in the securities of a small number of issuers or industries, our NAV may fluctuate to a greater extent than that of a diversified investment company as a result of changes in the financial condition or the market s assessment of the issuer. We may also be more susceptible to any single economic or regulatory occurrence than a diversified investment company. In addition, the aggregate returns we realize may be significantly adversely affected if a small number of investments perform poorly or if we need to write down the value of any one investment. Additionally, a downturn in any particular industry in which we are invested could significantly affect our aggregate returns. Further, any industry in which we are meaningfully concentrated at any given time could be subject to significant risks that could adversely impact our aggregate returns. 
 For example, as of December 31, 2022, our investments in Diversified Financial Services represented 19.7 of our portfolio at fair value. Our investments in Diversified Financial Services are subject to a variety of risks, including, but not limited to, market uncertainty, additional or changing government regulations, disclosure requirements, limits on fees, increasing borrowing costs or limits on the terms or availability of credit to such portfolio companies, and other regulatory requirements, each of which may impact the conduct of such portfolio companies. Compliance with changing regulatory requirements will likely impose staffing, legal, compliance and other costs, and administrative burdens upon our funds investments in financial services. As of December 31, 2022, Health Care Providers Services, together with Health Care Technology, represented 18.1 of our portfolio at fair value. Our investments in Health Care Technology are subject to substantial risks, including, but not limited to, the risk that the laws and regulations governing the business of health care companies, and interpretations thereof, may change frequently. Current or future laws and regulations could force our portfolio companies engaged in health care, to change their policies related to how they operate, restrict revenue, change costs, change reserve levels and change business practices. As of December 31, 2022, Diversified Consumer Services represented 17.1 of our portfolio at fair value. Our investments in Diversified Consumer Services are subject to substantial risks, including, but not limited to, intense competition, shifting consumer needs and frequent introductions of new products and services. As of December 31, 2022, Software represented 16.2 of our portfolio at fair value. Our investments in Software are subject to substantial risks, including, but not limited to, intense competition, changing technology, shifting user needs, frequent introductions of new products and services, competitors in different industries and ranging from large established companies to emerging startups, decreasing average selling prices of products and services resulting from rapid technological changes, cybersecurity risks and cyber incidents and various legal and regulatory risks. 
 We may not be in a position to exercise control over our portfolio companies or to prevent decisions by management of our portfolio companies that could decrease the value of our investments. 
 We do not generally hold controlling equity positions in our portfolio companies. While we are obligated as a BDC to offer to make managerial assistance available to our portfolio companies, we can offer no assurance that management personnel of our portfolio companies will accept or rely on such assistance. To the extent that we do not hold a controlling equity interest in a portfolio company, we are subject to the risk that such portfolio company may make business decisions with which we disagree, and the stockholders and management of such portfolio company may take risks or otherwise act in ways that are adverse to our interests. Due to the lack of liquidity for the debt and equity investments that we typically hold in our portfolio companies, we may not be able to dispose of our investments in the event we disagree with the actions of a portfolio company, and may therefore suffer a decrease in the value of our investments. 
 In addition, we may not be in a position to control any portfolio company by investing in its debt securities. As a result, we are subject to the risk that a portfolio company in which we invest may make business decisions with which we disagree and the management of such company, as representatives of the holders of their common equity, may take risks or otherwise act in ways that do not serve our interests as debt investors. 
 50 
 
 Table of Contents 
 We may be subject to risks associated with subordinated debt. 
 We may acquire and/or originate junior lien or subordinated debt investments. If a borrower defaults on a junior lien or subordinated loan or on debt senior in right of payment or as to the proceeds of collateral to our debt investment, or in the event of the bankruptcy of a borrower, the debt investment will be satisfied only after, in the case of junior lien debt, the proceeds of collateral are applied to repay senior lien debt or, in the case of subordinated debt, the senior debt is repaid in full. Under the terms of typical intercreditor or subordination agreements, senior creditors may be able to block the exercise of remedies or the acceleration of the subordinated debt or the exercise by holders of junior lien or subordinated debt of other rights they may have as creditors or in respect of collateral. Accordingly, we may not be able to take the steps necessary or sufficient to protect our investments in a timely manner or at all. In addition, junior lien or subordinated debt may not always be protected by financial covenants or limitations upon additional indebtedness, may have limited liquidity and may not be rated by a credit rating agency. If a borrower declares bankruptcy, we may not have full or any recourse to the assets of the borrower, or the assets of the borrower may not be sufficient to satisfy the loan. Further, the Investment Adviser s ability to amend the terms of our loans, assign its loans, accept prepayments, exercise its remedies and control decisions made in bankruptcy proceedings may be limited by intercreditor arrangements. In addition, the risks associated with junior lien or subordinated debt include a greater possibility that adverse changes in the financial condition of the obligor or in general economic conditions (including a sustained period of rising interest rates or an economic downturn) may adversely affect the borrower s ability to pay principal and interest on its debt. Many obligors on junior lien or subordinated loan securities are highly leveraged, and specific developments affecting such obligors, including reduced cash flow from operations or the inability to refinance debt at maturity, may also adversely affect such obligors ability to meet debt service obligations. The level of risk associated with investments in subordinated debt increases if such investments are debt of distressed or below investment grade issuers. Default rates for junior lien or subordinated debt securities have historically been higher than has been the case for investment grade securities. 
 We may be subject to risks associated with unsecured debt. 
 We may invest in unsecured indebtedness in portfolio companies where a significant portion of such companies senior or junior lien indebtedness may be secured. In such situations, our ability to influence such portfolio company s affairs, especially during periods of financial distress or following an insolvency, is likely to be substantially less than that of senior or junior lien creditors. 
 We may be subject to risks arising from revolving credit facilities. 
 We acquire or originate revolving credit facilities from time to time in connection with our investments in other assets, including term loans. A revolving credit facility is a line of credit in which the borrower pays the lender a commitment fee during a commitment period and is then allowed to draw from the line of credit from time to time until the end of such commitment period. The borrower of a revolving credit facility is typically permitted to draw thereunder for any reason, including to fund its operational requirements, to make acquisitions or to reserve cash, so long as certain customary conditions are met. Outstanding draw-downs under such revolving credit facilities can therefore fluctuate on a day-to-day basis, which may generate operational and other costs for us. If the borrower of a revolving credit facility draws down on the facility, we would be obligated to fund the amounts due. 
 We can offer no assurance that a borrower of a revolving credit facility will fully draw down its available credit thereunder, and in many cases a borrower with sufficient liquidity may forego drawing down its available credit thereunder in favor of obtaining other liquidity sources. As a result, we are likely to hold unemployed funds, and investments in revolving credit facilities may therefore adversely affect our returns. 
 We may be subject to risks arising from assignments and participations. 
 We may acquire investments directly (by way of assignment) or indirectly (by way of participation). As described in more detail below, holders of participation interests are subject to additional risks not applicable to a holder of a direct interest in a debt obligation. 
 The purchaser of an assignment of a debt obligation typically succeeds to all the rights and obligations of the selling institution and becomes a party to the applicable documentation relating to the debt obligation. In contrast, participations acquired by us in a portion of a debt obligation held by a seller typically result in a contractual relationship only with such seller, not with the obligor. We would have the right to receive payments of principal, interest and any fees to which it is entitled under the participation only from the seller and only upon receipt by the seller of such payments from the obligor. In purchasing a participation, we generally will have neither the right to enforce compliance by the obligor with the terms of the documentation relating to the debt obligation nor any rights of set-off against the obligor, and we may not directly benefit from the collateral supporting the debt obligation in which it has purchased the participation. As a result, we will assume the credit risk of both the obligor and the seller, which will remain the legal owner of record of the applicable debt obligation. In the event of the insolvency of the seller, we may be treated as a general creditor of the seller in respect of the participation, may not benefit from any set-off exercised by the seller against the obligor and may be subject to any set-off exercised by the obligor against the seller. In addition, we may purchase a participation from a seller that does not itself retain any portion of the applicable debt obligation and, therefore, may have limited interest in monitoring the terms of the documentation relating to such debt obligation and the continuing creditworthiness of the borrower. 
 In addition, when we hold a participation in a debt obligation, we may not have the right to vote to waive enforcement of any default by an obligor. Sellers commonly reserve the right to administer the debt obligations sold by them as they see fit and to amend the documentation relating to such debt obligations in all respects. A seller may have interests different from ours, and the seller might not consider our interests when taking actions with respect to the debt obligation underlying the participation. In addition, some participation agreements that provide voting rights to the participant further provide that if the participant does not vote in favor of amendments, modifications or waivers to the documentation relating to the debt obligation, the seller may repurchase such participation at par. Assignments and participations are typically sold strictly without recourse to the seller thereof, and the seller will generally make no representations or warranties about the underlying debt obligation, the borrowers, the documentation relating to the debt obligations or any collateral securing the debt obligations. 
 51 
 
 Table of Contents 
 The effect of global climate change may impact the operations of our portfolio companies. 
 There may be evidence of global climate change. Climate change creates physical and financial risk and some of our portfolio companies may be adversely affected by climate change. For example, the needs of customers of energy companies vary with weather conditions, primarily temperature and humidity. To the extent weather conditions are affected by climate change, energy use could increase or decrease depending on the duration and magnitude of any changes. Increases in the cost of energy could adversely affect the cost of operations of our portfolio companies if the use of energy products or services is material to their business. A decrease in energy use due to weather changes may affect the financial condition of some of our portfolio companies through, for example, decreased revenues. Extreme weather conditions in general require more system backup, adding to costs, and can contribute to increased system stresses, including service interruptions. 
 We may have difficulty sourcing investment opportunities. 
 We cannot assure investors that we will be able to identify a sufficient number of suitable investment opportunities to allow us to deploy the capital available to us. Privately negotiated investments in loans and illiquid securities of private companies require substantial due diligence and structuring, and we cannot assure investors that we will achieve our anticipated investment pace. Our Investment Adviser will select our investments, and our stockholders will have no input with respect to such investment decisions. These factors increase the uncertainty, and thus the risk, of investing in our common stock. To the extent we are unable to deploy all investments, our investment income and, in turn, our results of operations, will likely be materially adversely affected. 
 Our failure or inability to make follow-on investments in our portfolio companies could impair the value of our portfolio. 
 Following an initial investment in a portfolio company, we may make additional investments in that portfolio company as follow-on investments, in order to: 
 increase or maintain in whole or in part our equity ownership percentage or debt participation; 

exercise warrants, options or convertible securities that were acquired in the original or subsequent financing; or 

attempt to preserve or enhance the value of our investment. 

We may elect not to, or be unable to, make follow-on investments or may lack sufficient funds to make those investments. 
 We will have the discretion to make any follow-on investments, subject to the availability of capital resources and applicable law. The failure to make, or inability to make, follow-on investments may, in some circumstances, jeopardize the continued viability of a portfolio company and our initial investment, or may result in a missed opportunity for us to increase our participation in a successful operation. Even if we have sufficient capital to make a desired follow-on investment, we may elect not to make a follow-on investment because we may not want to increase our concentration of risk, because we prefer other opportunities or because we are inhibited by compliance with BDC requirements, including the conditions of the Relief, compliance with covenants contained in the agreements governing our indebtedness or compliance with the requirements for maintenance of our qualification for tax treatment as a RIC. 
 Our portfolio companies may prepay loans, which may reduce stated yields in the future if the capital returned cannot be invested in transactions with equal or greater expected yields. 
 Certain of the loans we make are prepayable at any time, with some prepayable at no premium to par. We cannot predict when such loans may be prepaid. Whether a loan is prepaid will depend both on the continued positive performance of the portfolio company and the existence of favorable financing market conditions that permit such portfolio company to replace existing financing with less expensive capital. In periods of rising interest rates, the risk of prepayment of floating rate loans may increase if other financing sources are available. As market conditions change frequently, it is unknown when, and if, this may be possible for each portfolio company. In the case of some of these loans, having the loan prepaid early may reduce the achievable yield for us in the future below the current yield disclosed for our portfolio if the capital returned cannot be invested in transactions with equal or greater expected yields. 
 Investments in common and preferred equity securities, many of which are illiquid with no readily available market, involve a substantial degree of risk. 
 Although common stock has historically generated higher average total returns than fixed income securities over the long term, common stock also has experienced significantly more volatility in those returns. Our equity investments may fail to appreciate and may decline in value or become worthless, and our ability to recover our investment will depend on our portfolio company s success. Investments in equity securities involve a number of significant risks, including: 
 any equity investment we make in a portfolio company could be subject to further dilution as a result of the issuance of additional equity interests and to serious risks as a junior security that will be subordinate to all indebtedness (including trade creditors) or senior securities in the event that the issuer is unable to meet its obligations or becomes subject to a bankruptcy process; 

to the extent that the portfolio company requires additional capital and is unable to obtain it, we may not recover our investment; and 

in some cases, equity securities in which we invest will not pay current dividends, and our ability to realize a return on our investment, as well as to recover our investment, will be dependent on the success of the portfolio company. 

Even if the portfolio company is successful, our ability to realize the value of our investment may depend on the occurrence of a liquidity event, such as a public offering or the sale of the portfolio company. It is likely to take a significant amount of time before a liquidity event occurs or we can otherwise sell our investment. In addition, the equity securities we receive or invest in may be subject to restrictions on resale during periods in which it could be advantageous to sell them. 
 52 
 
 Table of Contents 
 There are special risks associated with investing in preferred securities, including: 
 preferred securities may include provisions that permit the issuer, at its discretion, to defer distributions for a stated period without any adverse consequences to the issuer. If we own a preferred security that is deferring its distributions, we may be required to report income for tax purposes before we receive such distributions; 

preferred securities are subordinated to debt in terms of priority to income and liquidation payments, and therefore will be subject to greater credit risk than debt; 

preferred securities may be substantially less liquid than many other securities, such as common stock or U.S. government securities; and 

generally, preferred security holders have no voting rights with respect to the issuing company, subject to limited exceptions. 

Additionally, when we invest in debt securities, we may acquire warrants or other equity securities as well. Our goal is ultimately to dispose of such equity interests and realize gains upon our disposition of such interests. However, the equity interests we receive may not appreciate in value and, in fact, may decline in value. Accordingly, we may not be able to realize gains from our equity interests and any gains that we do realize on the disposition of any equity interests may not be sufficient to offset any other losses we experience. 
 We may invest, to the extent permitted by law, in the equity securities of investment funds that are operating pursuant to certain exceptions to the Investment Company Act. To the extent we so invest, we will bear our ratable share of any such company s expenses, including management and performance fees. We will also remain obligated to pay the Management Fee and Incentive Fee to our Investment Adviser with respect to the assets invested in the securities and instruments of such companies. With respect to each of these investments, each of our common stockholders will bear his or her share of the Management Fee and Incentive Fee due to our Investment Adviser as well as indirectly bearing the management and performance fees and other expenses of any such investment funds or advisers. 
 By originating loans to companies that are experiencing significant financial or business difficulties, we may be exposed to distressed lending risks. 
 As part of our lending activities, we may originate loans to companies that are experiencing significant financial or business difficulties, including companies involved in bankruptcy or other reorganization and liquidation proceedings. Although the terms of such financing may result in significant financial returns to us, they involve a substantial degree of risk. The level of analytical sophistication, both financial and legal, necessary for successful financing to companies experiencing significant business and financial difficulties is unusually high. There is no assurance that we will correctly evaluate the value of the assets collateralizing our loans or the prospects for a successful reorganization or similar action. In any reorganization or liquidation proceeding relating to a company that we fund, we may lose all or part of the amounts advanced to the borrower or may be required to accept collateral with a value less than the amount of the loan advanced by us to the borrower. 
 We may be exposed to special risks associated with bankruptcy cases. 
 Many of the events within a bankruptcy case are adversarial and often beyond the control of the creditors. While creditors generally are afforded an opportunity to object to significant actions, we can offer no assurance that a bankruptcy court would not approve actions that may be contrary to our interests. Furthermore, there are instances where creditors can lose their ranking and priority if they are considered to have taken over management of a borrower. 
 The reorganization of a company can involve substantial legal, professional and administrative costs to a lender and the borrower; it is subject to unpredictable and lengthy delays; and during the process a company s competitive position may erode, key management may depart and a company may not be able to invest its capital adequately. In some cases, the debtor company may not be able to reorganize and may be required to liquidate assets. The debt of companies in financial reorganization will, in most cases, not pay current interest, may not accrue interest during reorganization and may be adversely affected by an erosion of the issuer s fundamental value. 
 In addition, lenders can be subject to lender liability claims for actions taken by them where they become too involved in the borrower s business or exercise control over the borrower. For example, we could become subject to a lender s liability claim, if a borrower requests significant managerial assistance from us and we provide such assistance as contemplated by the Investment Company Act. 
 We will have broad discretion over the use of proceeds of the funds we raise from investors and will use proceeds in part to satisfy operating expenses. 
 There can be no assurance that we will be able to locate a sufficient number of suitable investment opportunities to allow us to successfully deploy capital that we raise from investors in a timeframe that will permit investors to earn above-market returns. To the extent we are unable to invest substantially all of the capital we raise within our contemplated timeframe, our investment income, and in turn our results of operations, will likely be materially adversely affected. Additionally, there could be a significant lag in time between any Drawdown Date and our funding of investments. See Our Business and Structure We are a new company and have a limited operating history. 
 We intend to use substantially all of the proceeds from the offering of our common stock, net of expenses, to make investments in accordance with our investment objectives and using the strategies described in this report. We anticipate that the remainder will be used for working capital and general corporate purposes, including the payment of operating expenses. However, subject to the restrictions of applicable law and regulations, including the Investment Company Act and the Code, we have significant flexibility in applying the proceeds of the funds we raise from investors and may use the net proceeds in ways with which stockholders may not agree, or for purposes other than those contemplated at the time of the capital raising. We may also pay operating expenses, and may pay other expenses such as due diligence expenses of potential new investments, from net proceeds. Our ability to achieve our investment objective may be limited to the extent that net proceeds of the funds we raise from investors, pending full investment by us in portfolio companies, are used to pay operating expenses. 
 53 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Declines in market prices and liquidity in the corporate debt markets can result in significant net unrealized depreciation of our portfolio, which in turn would affect our results of operations. 
 As a BDC, we are required to carry our investments at market value or, if no market value is ascertainable, at fair value as determined in good faith under procedures adopted by Goldman Sachs Asset Management, as valuation designee. We may take into account the following types of factors, if relevant, in determining the fair value of our investments: the enterprise value of a portfolio company (the entire value of the portfolio company to a market participant, including the sum of the values of debt and equity securities used to capitalize the enterprise at a point in time), the nature and realizable value of any collateral, the portfolio company s ability to make payments and its earnings and discounted cash flow (taking into consideration current market interest rates and credit spreads), the markets in which the portfolio company does business, a comparison of the portfolio company s securities to similar publicly traded securities and other relevant factors. When an external event such as a purchase transaction, public offering or subsequent equity sale occurs, we use the pricing indicated by the external event to corroborate our valuation. While most of our investments are not publicly traded, applicable accounting standards require us to assume as part of our valuation process that our investments are sold in a principal market to market participants (even if we plan on holding an investment through its maturity). As a result, volatility in the capital markets can also adversely affect our investment valuations. Decreases in the market values or fair values of our investments are recorded as unrealized depreciation. The effect of all of these factors on our portfolio can reduce our NAV by increasing net unrealized depreciation in our portfolio. Depending on market conditions, we could incur substantial realized losses and may suffer unrealized losses, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Economic recessions or downturns could impair our portfolio companies and harm our operating results. 
 Our portfolio companies may be susceptible to economic downturns or recessions and may be unable to repay our loans during these periods. Therefore, during these periods our non-performing assets may increase and the value of our portfolio may decrease if we are required to write down the values of our investments. Adverse economic conditions may also decrease the value of collateral securing some of our loans and the value of our equity investments. Economic slowdowns or recessions could lead to financial losses in our portfolio and a decrease in revenues, net income and assets. Unfavorable economic conditions also could increase our funding costs, limit our access to the capital markets or result in a decision by lenders not to extend credit to us. These events could prevent us from increasing investments and harm our operating results. 
 A portfolio company s failure to satisfy financial or operating covenants imposed by us or other lenders could lead to defaults and, potentially, acceleration of the time when the loans are due and foreclosure on the portfolio company s assets representing collateral for its obligations. This could trigger cross defaults under other agreements and jeopardize our portfolio company s ability to meet its obligations under the debt that we hold and the value of any equity securities we own. 
 In addition, we may originate covenant-lite loans, which are loans with fewer financial maintenance covenants than other obligations, or no financial maintenance covenants. Such covenant-lite loans may not include terms that allow the lender to monitor the performance of the borrower or to declare a default if certain criteria are breached. These flexible covenants (or the absence of covenants) could permit borrowers to experience a significant downturn in their results of operations without triggering any default that would permit holders of their debt (such as the Company) to accelerate indebtedness or negotiate terms and pricing. Accordingly, to the extent we invest in covenant-lite loans, we may have fewer rights against a borrower and may have a greater risk of loss on such investments as compared to investments in or exposure to loans with financial maintenance covenants. Therefore, our investments may result in an above-average amount of risk and volatility or loss of principal. 
 Our portfolio companies may have incurred or issued, or may in the future incur or issue, debt or equity securities that rank equally with, or senior to, our investments in such companies, which could have an adverse effect on us in any liquidation of the portfolio company. 
 Our portfolio companies may have, or may be permitted to incur, other debt, or issue other equity securities that rank equally with, or senior to, our investments. By their terms, such instruments may provide that the holders are entitled to receive payment of dividends, interest or principal on or before the dates on which we are entitled to receive payments in respect of our investments. These debt instruments would usually prohibit the portfolio companies from paying interest on or repaying our investments in the event and during the continuance of a default under such debt. Also, in the event of insolvency, liquidation, dissolution, reorganization or bankruptcy of a portfolio company, holders of securities ranking senior to our investment in that portfolio company typically are entitled to receive payment in full before we receive any distribution in respect of our investment. After repaying such holders, the portfolio company may not have any remaining assets to use for repaying its obligation to us. In the case of securities ranking equally with our investments, we would have to share on an equal basis any distributions with other security holders in the event of an insolvency, liquidation, dissolution, reorganization or bankruptcy of the relevant portfolio company. 
 Additionally, certain loans that we make to portfolio companies may be secured on a second priority basis by the same collateral securing senior secured debt, which will be secured on a first priority basis. The first priority liens on the collateral will secure the portfolio company s obligations under any outstanding senior debt and may secure certain other future debt that may be permitted to be incurred by the portfolio company under the agreements governing the loans. The holders of obligations secured by the first priority liens on the collateral will generally control the liquidation of and be entitled to receive proceeds from any realization of the collateral to repay their obligations in full before us. In addition, the value of the collateral in the event of liquidation will depend on market and economic conditions, the availability of buyers and other factors. We can offer no assurance that the proceeds, if any, from the sale or sales of all of the collateral would be sufficient to satisfy the loan obligations secured by the second priority liens after payment in full of all obligations secured by the first priority liens. If such proceeds are not sufficient to repay amounts outstanding under the loan obligations secured by the second priority liens, then we, to the extent not repaid from the proceeds of the sale of the collateral, will only have an unsecured claim against the portfolio company s remaining assets, if any. 
 54 
 
 Table of Contents 
 The rights we may have with respect to the collateral securing any junior priority loans we make to our portfolio companies may also be limited pursuant to the terms of one or more intercreditor agreements that we enter into with the holders of senior debt. Under such an intercreditor agreement, at any time that senior obligations are outstanding, we may forfeit certain rights with respect to the collateral to the holders of the senior obligations. These rights may include the right to commence enforcement proceedings against the collateral, the right to control the conduct of such enforcement proceedings, the right to approve amendments to collateral documents, the right to release liens on the collateral and the right to waive past defaults under collateral documents. We may not have the ability to control or direct such actions, even if our rights as junior lenders are adversely affected. In addition, a bankruptcy court may choose not to enforce an intercreditor agreement or other arrangement with creditors. Similar risks to the foregoing may apply where we hold the last-out piece of a unitranche loan. 
 We may also make unsecured loans to portfolio companies, meaning that such loans will not benefit from any interest in collateral of such portfolio companies. Liens on such portfolio companies collateral, if any, will secure the portfolio company s obligations under its outstanding secured debt and may secure certain future debt that is permitted to be incurred by the portfolio company under its secured loan agreements. The holders of obligations secured by such liens will generally control the liquidation of, and be entitled to receive proceeds from, any realization of such collateral to repay their obligations in full before us. In addition, the value of such collateral in the event of liquidation will depend on market and economic conditions, the availability of buyers and other factors. We can offer no assurance that the proceeds, if any, from sales of such collateral would be sufficient to satisfy our unsecured loan obligations after payment in full of all secured loan obligations. If such proceeds were not sufficient to repay the outstanding secured loan obligations, then the unsecured claims would rank equally with the unpaid portion of such secured creditors claims against the portfolio company s remaining assets, if any. 
 Our portfolio companies may be highly leveraged. 
 Some of our portfolio companies may be highly leveraged, which may have adverse consequences to these portfolio companies and to us as an investor. These portfolio companies may be subject to restrictive financial and operating covenants and the leverage may impair these portfolio companies ability to finance their future operations and capital needs. As a result, these companies flexibility to respond to changing business and economic conditions and to take advantage of business opportunities may be limited. Further, a leveraged company s income and net assets will tend to increase or decrease at a greater rate than if borrowed money were not used. 
 Our investments in non-U.S. companies may involve significant risks in addition to the risks inherent in U.S. investments. 
 Our investment strategy contemplates potential investments in securities of non-U.S. companies to the extent permissible under the Investment Company Act. Investing in non-U.S. companies may expose us to additional risks not typically associated with investing in U.S. companies. These risks include changes in exchange control regulations, political and social instability, expropriation, imposition of non-U.S. taxes (potentially at confiscatory levels), less liquid markets, less available information than is generally the case in the United States, higher transaction costs, less government supervision of exchanges, brokers and issuers, less developed bankruptcy laws, difficulty in enforcing contractual obligations, lack of uniform accounting and auditing standards and greater price volatility. These risks are likely to be more pronounced for investments in companies located in emerging markets and particularly for middle-market companies in these economies. 
 Although most of our investments are denominated in USD, our investments that are denominated in a non-USD currency will be subject to the risk that the value of a particular currency will change in relation to the USD. Among the factors that may affect currency values are trade balances, the level of short-term interest rates, differences in relative values of similar assets in different currencies, long-term opportunities for investment and capital appreciation and political developments. We may employ hedging techniques to minimize these risks, but we cannot assure investors that such strategies will be effective or without risk to us. 
 We may expose ourselves to risks if we engage in hedging transactions. 
 Subject to applicable provisions of the Investment Company Act, the regulations promulgated thereunder, and applicable CFTC regulations, we may enter into hedging transactions in a manner consistent with SEC guidance, which may expose us to risks associated with such transactions. Such hedging may utilize instruments such as forward contracts, currency options and interest rate swaps, caps, collars and floors to seek to hedge against fluctuations in the relative values of our portfolio positions from changes in currency exchange rates and market interest rates. Use of these hedging instruments may include counter-party credit risk. To the extent we have non-U.S. investments, particularly non-USD-denominated investments, our hedging costs will increase. 
 Hedging against a decline in the values of our portfolio positions does not eliminate the possibility of fluctuations in the values of such positions or prevent losses if the values of such positions decline. However, such hedging can establish other positions designed to gain from those same developments, thereby offsetting the decline in the value of such portfolio positions. Such hedging transactions may also limit the opportunity for gain if the values of the underlying portfolio positions should increase. Moreover, it may not be possible to hedge against an exchange rate or interest rate fluctuation that is so generally anticipated that we are not able to enter into a hedging transaction at an acceptable price. 
 55 
 
 Table of Contents 
 The success of any hedging transactions we may enter into will depend on our ability to correctly predict movements in currencies and interest rates. Therefore, while we may enter into such transactions to seek to reduce currency exchange rate and interest rate risks, unanticipated changes in currency exchange rates or interest rates may result in poorer overall investment performance than if we had not engaged in any such hedging transactions. In addition, the degree of correlation between price movements of the instruments used in a hedging strategy and price movements in the portfolio positions being hedged may vary. Moreover, for a variety of reasons, we may not seek to (or be able to) establish a perfect correlation between such hedging instruments and the portfolio holdings being hedged. Any such imperfect correlation may prevent us from achieving the intended hedge and expose us to risk of loss. In addition, it may not be possible to hedge fully or perfectly against currency fluctuations affecting the value of securities denominated in non-U.S. currencies because the value of those securities is likely to fluctuate as a result of factors not related to currency fluctuations. In addition, income derived from hedging transactions that is distributed to non-U.S. stockholders may be subject to U.S. federal withholding tax. Changes to the regulations applicable to the financial instruments we use to accomplish our hedging strategy could impair the effectiveness of that strategy. See also Our Investments We are exposed to risks associated with changes in interest rates, including the current rising interest rate environment. 
 We may invest a significant portion of our assets in high-quality short-term investments, which will generate lower rates of return than those expected from the interest generated on our intended investment program. 
 From time to time, a significant portion of our assets may be invested in a money market fund managed by an affiliate of GS Group Inc. These investments may earn yields substantially lower than the income that we expect to receive from investments made in accordance with our investment objective. As a result, we may not be able to achieve our investment objective and/or pay any dividends while a significant portion of our assets are invested in the money market fund or, if we are able to do so, such dividends may be substantially lower than the dividends that we expect to pay when our portfolio is fully invested in accordance with our investment objectives. If we do not realize yields in excess of our expenses, we may incur operating losses. 
 We may form one or more CLOs, which may subject us to certain structured financing risks. 
 To the extent permissible under risk retention rules adopted pursuant to Section 941 of the Dodd-Frank Act and applicable provisions of the Investment Company Act, to finance investments, we may securitize certain of our investments, including through the formation of one or more CLOs, while retaining all or most of the exposure to the performance of these investments. This would involve contributing a pool of assets to a special purpose entity, and selling debt interests in such entity on a non-recourse or limited-recourse basis to purchasers. Any interest in any such CLO held by us may be considered a non-qualifying asset for purposes of Section 55 of the Investment Company Act. 
 If we create a CLO, we will depend on distributions from the CLO s assets out of its earnings and cash flows to enable us to make distributions to our stockholders. The ability of a CLO to make distributions will be subject to various limitations, including the terms and covenants of the debt it issues. For example, tests (based on interest coverage or other financial ratios or other criteria) may restrict our ability, as holder of a CLO s equity interests, to receive cash flow from these investments. There is no assurance any such performance tests will be satisfied. Also, a CLO may take actions that delay distributions in order to preserve ratings and to keep the cost of present and future financings lower or the CLO may be obligated to retain cash or other assets to satisfy over-collateralization requirements commonly provided for holders of the CLO s debt. As a result, there may be a lag, which could be significant, between the repayment or other realization on a loan or other assets in, and the distribution of cash out of, a CLO, or cash flow may be completely restricted for the life of the CLO. If we do not receive cash flow from any such CLO that is necessary to satisfy the Annual Distribution Requirement for maintaining our qualification for tax treatment as a RIC, and we are unable to obtain cash from other sources necessary to satisfy this requirement, we could fail to maintain our qualification for tax treatment as a RIC, which would have a material adverse effect on our financial performance. 
 In addition, a decline in the credit quality of loans in a CLO due to poor operating results of the relevant borrower, declines in the value of loan collateral or increases in defaults, among other things, may force a CLO to sell certain assets at a loss, reducing their earnings and, in turn, cash potentially available for distribution to us for distribution to our stockholders. 
 To the extent that any losses are incurred by the CLO in respect of any collateral, such losses will be borne first by us as owner of equity interests. Finally, any equity interests that we retain in a CLO will not be secured by the assets of the CLO, and we will rank behind all creditors of the CLO. 
 Our Securities 
 Investing in our securities involves an above-average degree of risk. 
 The investments we make in accordance with our investment objective may result in a higher amount of risk than alternative investment options and volatility or loss of principal. Our investments in portfolio companies may be highly speculative and aggressive. Therefore, an investment in our common stock may not be suitable for an investor with a lower risk tolerance. 
 Investors in offerings after the initial closing could receive fewer shares of our common stock than anticipated. 
 The purchase price per share of our common stock in any closing after the initial closing is expected to be determined to ensure that such price is equal to our then-current NAV per share. As a result, in the event of an increase in our NAV per share, the purchase price for shares purchased in any closing after the initial closing may be higher than the prior monthly NAV per share, and therefore an investor may receive a smaller number of shares than if it had purchased shares in a prior offering. Additionally, in order to more fairly allocate such expenses among all stockholders, investors making Commitments after the Initial Drawdown Date will be required to bear a portion of our Organizational Expenses at the time of their first investment in us. 
 56 
 
 Table of Contents 
 A stockholder s interest in us will be diluted if we issue additional shares, which could reduce the overall value of an investment in us. 
 Stockholders do not have preemptive rights to any shares we issue in the future. We may decide, at a Subsequent Closing Date and in accordance with the process described below, to issue additional shares at or below the NAV per share. To the extent we issue additional shares, a stockholder s percentage ownership interest in us may be diluted. In addition, if such shares are issued below NAV, existing stockholders may also experience dilution in the book value and fair value of their shares. 
 We are generally not able to issue and sell our common stock at a price per share below NAV per share. We may, however, sell our common stock, or warrants, options or rights to acquire our common stock, at a price below the then-current NAV per share of our common stock (i) with the consent of a majority of our common stockholders (and a majority of our common stockholders who are not affiliates of ours) and (ii) if, among other things, a majority of our Independent Directors and a majority of our directors who have no financial interest in the transaction determine that a sale is in the best interests of us and our stockholders. 
 We have the right to call Commitments from each investor subscribing at a Subsequent Closing Date to purchase shares in an amount such that the percentage of Commitment contributed by each stockholder in us will be the same (excluding any Defaulting Stockholder). If our NAV has decreased between the Initial Closing Date and such Subsequent Closing Date, the investors subscribing on the Subsequent Closing Date will receive more shares than they would have received had they subscribed for shares on the Initial Closing Date and accordingly, stockholders who subscribed on the Initial Closing Date would have their percentage ownership interest in us further diluted. 
 We may in the future determine to issue preferred stock, which could adversely affect the value of our common stock. 
 The issuance of shares of preferred stock with dividend or conversion rights, liquidation preferences or other economic terms favorable to the holders of preferred stock could adversely affect the value of our common stock by making an investment in the common stock less attractive. In addition, the dividends on any preferred stock we issue must be cumulative. Payment of dividends and repayment of the liquidation preference of preferred stock must take preference over any distributions or other payments to our common stockholders, and holders of preferred stock are not subject to any of our expenses or losses and are not entitled to participate in any income or appreciation in excess of their stated preference (other than convertible preferred stock that converts into common stock). In addition, under the Investment Company Act, preferred stock would constitute a senior security for purposes of the 150 asset coverage test. See Regulations governing our operations as a BDC affect our ability to, and the way in which we, raise additional capital. These constraints may hinder our Investment Adviser s ability to take advantage of attractive investment opportunities and to achieve our investment objective. 
 We may not be able to pay distributions to holders of our common stock, distributions to holders of our common stock may not grow over time, and a portion of our distributions may be a return of capital to holders of our common stock for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
 All distributions will be paid at the discretion of the Board of Directors and will depend on such factors as the Board determines to be relevant from time to time, including our earnings, financial condition and compliance with any debt covenants we may be subject to. Accordingly, we may not pay distributions to stockholders. 
 The distributions we pay to our stockholders in a year may exceed our net ordinary income and capital gains for that year and, accordingly, a portion of such distributions may constitute a return of capital for U.S. federal income tax purposes that would reduce a stockholder s adjusted tax basis in its common stock and correspondingly increase such stockholder s gain, or reduce such stockholder s loss, on disposition of such common stock. Distributions in excess of a stockholder s adjusted tax basis in its common stock will generally constitute capital gains to such stockholder. 
 Stockholders who periodically receive the payment of a distribution from a RIC consisting of a return of capital for U.S. federal income tax purposes may be under the impression that they are receiving a distribution of the RIC s net ordinary income or capital gains when they are not. Accordingly, stockholders should read carefully any written disclosure accompanying a distribution from us and the information about the specific tax characteristics of our distributions provided to stockholders after the end of each calendar year, and should not assume that the source of any distribution is our net ordinary income or capital gains. 
 The tax treatment of a non-U.S. stockholder in its jurisdiction of tax residence will depend entirely on the laws of such jurisdiction, and may vary considerably from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. 
 Depending on (i) the laws of such non-U.S. stockholder s jurisdiction of tax residence, (ii) how we, the investments and/or any other investment vehicles through which we directly or indirectly invest are treated in such jurisdiction, and (iii) the activities of any such entities, an investment in us could result in such non-U.S. stockholder recognizing adverse tax consequences in its jurisdiction of tax residence, including (a) with respect to any generally required or additional tax filings and/or additional disclosure required in such filings in relation to the treatment for tax purposes in the relevant jurisdiction of an interest in us, the investments and/or any other investment vehicles through which we directly or indirectly invest and/or of distributions from such entities and any uncertainties arising in that respect (such entities not being established under the laws of the relevant jurisdiction), (b) the possibility of taxable income significantly in excess of cash distributed to a non-U.S. stockholder, and possibly in excess of our actual economic income, (c) the possibilities of losing deductions or the ability to utilize tax basis and of sums invested being returned in the form of taxable income or gains, and (d) the possibility of being subject to tax at unfavorable tax rates. A non-U.S. stockholder may also be subject to restrictions on the use of its share of our deductions and losses in its jurisdiction of tax residence. Each prospective investor is urged to consult its own tax advisors with respect to the tax and tax filing consequences, if any, in its jurisdiction of tax residence of an investment in us, as well as any other jurisdiction in which such prospective investor is subject to taxation. 
 57 
 
 Table of Contents 
 We may have difficulty paying our required distributions if we recognize taxable income before or without receiving cash representing such income. 
 For U.S. federal income tax purposes, we will include in our taxable income certain amounts that we have not yet received in cash, such as OID, which may occur if we receive warrants in connection with the origination of a loan or possibly in other circumstances or contracted PIK interest, which generally represents contractual interest added to the loan balance and due at the end of the loan term. Such OID, which could be significant relative to our overall investment assets, and increases in loan balances as a result of PIK interest will be included in our taxable income before we receive any corresponding cash payments. We also may be required to include in our taxable income certain other amounts that we have not yet received or will not receive in cash, such as accruals on a contingent payment debt instrument, accruals of interest income and/or OID on defaulted debt, or deferred loan origination fees that are paid after origination of the loan or are paid in non-cash compensation such as warrants or stock. Moreover, we generally will be required to take certain amounts into income no later than the time such amounts are reflected on our financial statements. The credit risk associated with the collectability of deferred payments may be increased as and when a portfolio company increases the amount of interest on which it is deferring cash payment through deferred interest features. Our investments with a deferred interest feature may represent a higher credit risk than loans for which interest must be paid in full in cash on a regular basis. For example, even if the accounting conditions for income accrual are met, the borrower could still default when our actual collection is scheduled to occur upon maturity of the obligation. 
 Because in certain cases we may recognize taxable income before or without receiving cash representing such income, we may have difficulty making distributions to our stockholders that will be sufficient to enable us to meet the Annual Distribution Requirement necessary for us to maintain our qualification for tax treatment as a RIC. Accordingly, we may need to sell some of our assets at times and/or at prices that we would not consider advantageous, we may need to raise additional equity or debt capital, or we may need to forego new investment opportunities or otherwise take actions that are disadvantageous to our business (or be unable to take actions that are advantageous to our business) to enable us to make distributions to our stockholders that will be sufficient to enable us to meet the Annual Distribution Requirement. If we are unable to obtain cash in the amount required for us to make, or if we are restricted from making, sufficient distributions to our stockholders to meet the Annual Distribution Requirement, we may fail to qualify for the U.S. federal income tax benefits allowable to RICs and, thus, become subject to a corporate-level U.S. federal income tax (and any applicable U.S. state and local taxes). 
 Our stockholders may receive shares of our common stock as distributions, which could result in adverse tax consequences to them. 
 In order to satisfy the Annual Distribution Requirement applicable to RICs, we have the ability to declare a large portion of a distribution in shares of our common stock instead of in cash. We are not subject to restrictions on the circumstances in which we may declare a portion of a distribution in shares of our common stock but would generally anticipate doing so only in unusual situations, such as, for example, if we do not have sufficient cash to meet our RIC distribution requirements under the Code. Generally, were we to declare such a distribution, we would allow stockholders to elect payment in cash and/or shares of our common stock of equivalent value. Under published IRS guidance, the entire distribution by a publicly offered RIC will generally be treated as a taxable distribution for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and count towards our RIC distribution requirements under the Code, if certain conditions are satisfied. Among other things, the aggregate amount of cash available to be distributed to all stockholders is required to be at least 20 of the aggregate declared distribution. If too many stockholders elect to receive cash, the cash available for distribution is required to be allocated among the stockholders electing to receive cash (with the balance of the distribution paid in stock) under a formula provided in the applicable IRS guidance. The number of shares of our stock distributed would thus depend on the applicable percentage limitation on cash available for distribution, the stockholders individual elections to receive cash or stock, and the value of the shares of our stock. Each stockholder generally would be treated as having received a taxable distribution (including for purposes of the withholding tax rules applicable to a Non-U.S. stockholder) on the date the distribution is received in an amount equal to the cash that such stockholder would have received if the entire distribution had been paid in cash, even if the stockholder received all or most of the distribution in shares of our common stock. We currently do not intend to pay distributions in shares of our common stock, but we can offer no assurance that we will not do so in the future. 
 Our common stock is subject to significant transfer restrictions, and an investment in our common stock generally will be illiquid. 
 Shares of our common stock are subject to the restrictions on transfer described herein and as set forth in our certificate of incorporation. Purchasers of shares of our common stock prior to an IPO and listing (including purchasers in the offering) will not be permitted to transfer their shares after the consummation of such IPO and listing, including a transfer of solely an economic interest, without our prior written consent until a date to be established by us. If we undergo a Merger, similar restrictions may be imposed on our common stock or shares of another entity received by our stockholders in connection with such transaction. If a listing does not occur, our common stockholders will be prohibited from transferring their shares without our prior written consent. An investment in our common stock is of further limited liquidity since our common stock is not freely transferable under the securities laws. Each investor in our common stock must be prepared to bear the economic risk of an investment in our common stock for an indefinite period. 
 We have no obligation to conduct an Exit Event and can offer no assurances as to whether or when we may conduct an Exit Event. Even if we consummate an Exit Event, we can offer no assurances as to the price at which our common stock will be valued in an Exit Event, and it could be valued below the price in the offering or the then-current NAV. Additionally, pre-Exit Event stockholders are not expected to be able to sell their common stock in any IPO. 
 58 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Shares of our common stock have not been registered under the Securities Act and, therefore, under the securities laws, cannot be sold unless such shares are subsequently registered under the Securities Act or an exemption from such registration is available. Shares of our common stock are illiquid assets for which there is not a secondary market and there is no guarantee that a secondary market will develop in the future. An investment in our common stock is therefore suitable only for certain sophisticated investors that can bear the risks associated with the illiquidity of their common stock. 
 You will have limited opportunities to sell your common stock and, to the extent you are able to sell your common stock, you may not be able to recover the amount of your investment in our common stock. 
 Beginning with the end of the Investment Period, until an Exit Event, we expect that our Board of Directors will consider repurchase offers to allow you to tender your shares of common stock on a quarterly basis at a price per share we expect to reflect a recent NAV per share. Any such share repurchase offer will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and subject to applicable law and that such repurchases do not give rise to adverse tax, ERISA or other regulatory consequences to us or our stockholders. Additionally, if we determine to make one or more repurchase offers, such offers are expected to include numerous restrictions that limit your ability to sell your shares of common stock pursuant to such offers. We expect to limit the number of shares of common stock repurchased pursuant to any share repurchase offer to 5 of our outstanding shares of common stock (with the exact amount to be set by our Board of Directors). 
 Although we expect that our Board of Directors will consider repurchase offers on a quarterly basis beginning with the end of the Investment Period, our Board of Directors has complete and absolute discretion to determine whether we will engage in any share repurchases and, if so, the terms of such repurchases. Therefore, we may ultimately not engage in any share repurchases or may cease share repurchases at any time, and you may not be able to sell your shares of common stock at all. You should not assume or rely upon any expectation that we will offer to repurchase any of our shares of our common stock. 
 The repurchase price per share of future repurchase offers, if any, may be lower than the price per share that stockholders paid for their shares of our common stock. In addition, in the event that a stockholder chooses to participate in a quarterly repurchase offer, the stockholder may be required to provide us with notice of intent to participate prior to knowing what the NAV per share will be on the repurchase date. A stockholder seeking to sell shares of our common stock to us as part of our quarterly share repurchase offer may be required to do so without knowledge of what the repurchase price per share of our common stock will be on the repurchase date. 
 If we have not consummated an Exit Event by the Wind-down Determination Date, our Board of Directors (to the extent consistent with its fiduciary duties and subject to any necessary stockholder approvals and applicable requirements of the Investment Company Act and the Code) will meet to consider our potential wind down and/or liquidation and dissolution. 
 If we have not consummated an Exit Event by the Wind-down Determination Date, our Board of Directors (to the extent consistent with its fiduciary duties and subject to any necessary stockholder approvals and applicable requirements of the Investment Company Act and the Code) will meet to consider our potential wind down and/or liquidation and dissolution. To the extent our Board determines to pursue a liquidation or dissolution, no assurances can be provided as to what price they will be able to obtain from selling or liquidating our investments and we could end up being liquidated below our then NAV per share or at a price per share below what stockholders paid. 
 In the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of our affairs, our common stockholders would receive any remaining net assets only after payment or provision or payment of our debts and other liabilities and subject to the prior rights of any outstanding preferred stock. In addition, we expect that we would incur certain costs associated with a liquidation or dissolution. Accordingly, to the extent our Board of Directors determines to proceed with our liquidation or dissolution, it could result in a loss for our common stockholders. 
 Certain provisions of our certificate of incorporation and bylaws and the DGCL, as well as other aspects of our structure, could deter takeover attempts and have an adverse impact on the price of our common stock. 
 Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws, as well as the DGCL, contain provisions that may have the effect of discouraging a third party from making an acquisition proposal for us. Among other things, our certificate of incorporation and bylaws: 
 provide that our Board of Directors will be classified in the event of a listing, which may delay the ability of our stockholders to change the membership of a majority of our Board of Directors; 

do not provide for cumulative voting; 

provide that vacancies on our Board of Directors, including newly created directorships, may be filled only by a majority vote of directors then in office; 

provide that our directors may be removed only for cause, and only by a supermajority vote of the stockholders entitled to elect such directors upon Board classification at the time of a listing; 

provide that stockholders may only take action at an annual or special meeting of stockholders, and may not act by written consent; 

restrict stockholders ability to call special meetings; and 

require a supermajority vote of stockholders to effect certain amendments to our certificate of incorporation and bylaws. 

59 
 
 Table of Contents 
 We have provisions comparable to those of Section 203 of the DGCL (other than with respect to GS Group Inc. and its affiliates and certain of its or their direct or indirect transferees and any group as to which such persons are a party). These provisions generally prohibit us from engaging in mergers, business combinations and certain other types of transactions with interested stockholders (generally defined as persons or entities that beneficially own 15 or more of our voting stock), other than the exempt parties as described above, for a period of three years following the date the person became an interested stockholder unless, prior to such stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, our Board of Directors has approved the business combination that would otherwise be restricted or the transaction that resulted in the interested stockholder becoming an interested stockholder or the subsequent transaction with the interested stockholder has been approved by our Board of Directors and 66 2/3 of our outstanding voting stock (other than voting stock owned by the interested stockholder). Such provisions may discourage third parties from trying to acquire control of us and increase the difficulty of consummating such an offer. 
 These anti-takeover provisions may inhibit a change of control in circumstances that could give the holders of our common stock the opportunity to realize a premium over the value of our common stock. In addition, certain aspects of our structure, may have the effect of discouraging a third party from making an acquisition proposal for us. 
 If we are not treated as a publicly offered regulated investment company, as defined in the Code, U.S. stockholders that are individuals, trusts or estates will be taxed as though they received a distribution of some of our expenses. 
 During the period when we have elected to be treated as a RIC, we expect to be treated as a publicly offered regulated investment company (within the meaning of Section 67 of the Code) as a result of shares of our common stock being held by at least 500 persons at all times during a taxable year. However, we cannot assure investors that we will be treated as a publicly offered regulated investment company for all years. If we are not treated as a publicly offered regulated investment company for any calendar year, each U.S. stockholder that is an individual, trust or estate will be treated as having received a dividend from us in the amount of such U.S. stockholder s allocable share of the management and incentive fees paid to our Investment Adviser and certain of our other expenses for the calendar year, and these fees and expenses will be treated as miscellaneous itemized deductions of such U.S. stockholder. Miscellaneous itemized deductions of a U.S. stockholder that is an individual, trust or estate are disallowed for tax years beginning before January 1, 2026, and thereafter generally are (i) deductible by such U.S. stockholders only to the extent that the aggregate of such U.S. stockholder s miscellaneous itemized deductions exceeds 2 of such U.S. stockholder s adjusted gross income for U.S. federal income tax purposes, (ii) not deductible for purposes of the alternative minimum tax and (iii) subject to the overall limitation on itemized deductions under the Code. In addition, if we are not treated as a publicly offered regulated investment company, we will be subject to limitations on the deductibility of certain preferential dividends that are distributed to stockholders on a non- pro-rata basis. 
 Non-U.S. stockholders may be subject to withholding of U.S. federal income tax on distributions we pay. 
 Distributions of our investment company taxable income to a non-U.S. stockholder that are not effectively connected with the non-U.S. stockholder s conduct of a trade or business within the United States will generally be subject to withholding of U.S. federal income tax at a 30 rate (or lower rate provided by an applicable income tax treaty) to the extent paid out of our current or accumulated earnings and profits. 
 Certain properly reported distributions are generally exempt from withholding of U.S. federal income tax where they are paid in respect of our (i) qualified net interest income (generally, our U.S.-source interest income, other than certain contingent interest and interest from obligations of a corporation or partnership in which we or the non-U.S. stockholder are at least a 10 stockholder, reduced by expenses that are allocable to such income) or (ii) qualified short-term capital gains (generally, the excess of our net short-term capital gain over our net long-term capital loss for such taxable year), and certain other requirements are satisfied. 
 NO ASSURANCE CAN BE GIVEN AS TO WHETHER ANY OF OUR DISTRIBUTIONS WILL BE ELIGIBLE FOR THIS EXEMPTION FROM WITHHOLDING OF U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX. IN PARTICULAR, THIS EXEMPTION WILL NOT APPLY TO OUR DISTRIBUTIONS PAID IN RESPECT OF OUR NON-U.S. SOURCE INTEREST INCOME OR OUR DIVIDEND INCOME (OR ANY OTHER TYPE OF INCOME OTHER THAN GENERALLY OUR NON-CONTINGENT U.S.-SOURCE INTEREST INCOME RECEIVED FROM UNRELATED OBLIGORS AND OUR QUALIFIED SHORT-TERM CAPITAL GAINS). IN THE CASE OF OUR COMMON STOCK HELD THROUGH AN INTERMEDIARY, THE INTERMEDIARY MAY WITHHOLD U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX EVEN IF WE REPORT THE PAYMENT AS QUALIFIED NET INTEREST INCOME OR QUALIFIED SHORT-TERM CAPITAL GAIN. BECAUSE OUR COMMON STOCK WILL BE SUBJECT TO SIGNIFICANT TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS, AND AN INVESTMENT IN OUR COMMON STOCK WILL GENERALLY BE ILLIQUID, NON-U.S. STOCKHOLDERS WHOSE DISTRIBUTIONS ON OUR COMMON STOCK ARE SUBJECT TO WITHHOLDING OF U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX MAY NOT BE ABLE TO TRANSFER THEIR SHARES OF OUR COMMON STOCK EASILY OR QUICKLY OR AT ALL. 
 The tax treatment of a Non-U.S. stockholder in its jurisdiction of tax residence will depend entirely on the laws of such jurisdiction, and may vary considerably from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. 
 60 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Depending on (i) the laws of such non-U.S. stockholder s jurisdiction of tax residence, (ii) how the Company, the investments and/or any other investment vehicles through which we directly or indirectly invest are treated in such jurisdiction, and (iii) the activities of any such entities, an investment in us could result in such non-U.S. stockholder recognizing adverse tax consequences in its jurisdiction of tax residence, including (a) with respect to any generally required or additional tax filings and/or additional disclosure required in such filings in relation to the treatment for tax purposes in the relevant jurisdiction of an interest in the Company, the investments and/or any other investment vehicles through which we directly or indirectly invest and/or of distributions from such entities and any uncertainties arising in that respect (the Company not being established under the laws of the relevant jurisdiction), (b) the possibility of taxable income significantly in excess of cash distributed to a non-U.S. stockholder, and possibly in excess of our actual economic income, (c) the possibilities of losing deductions or the ability to utilize tax basis and of sums invested being returned in the form of taxable income or gains, and (d) the possibility of being subject to tax at unfavorable tax rates. A non-U.S. stockholder may also be subject to restrictions on the use of its share of our deductions and losses in its jurisdiction of tax residence. Each prospective investor is urged to consult its own tax advisors with respect to the tax and tax filing consequences, if any, in its jurisdiction of tax residence of an investment in us, as well as any other jurisdiction in which such prospective investor is subject to taxation. 
 Beneficial owners of our equity securities may be subject to certain regulatory requirements based on their ownership percentages. 
 A beneficial owner, either directly or indirectly, of more than 25 of our voting securities is presumed to control us under the Investment Company Act. Certain events beyond an investor s control may result in an increase in the percentage of such investor s beneficial ownership of our shares, including the repurchase by us of shares from other stockholders. Control of us would also arise under the Investment Company Act if a person has the power to exercise a controlling influence over our management or policies, unless that power is solely the result of an official position with us. In the event a stockholder is or becomes a person that controls us, it and certain of its affiliated persons will be subject to, among other things, prohibitions or restrictions on engaging in certain transactions with us and certain of our affiliated persons. A beneficial owner of a large number of our equity securities may also become subject to public reporting obligations when we become a public reporting company under the Exchange Act. 
 Stockholders may be subject to filing requirements under the Exchange Act as a result of their investment in us. 
 Ownership information for any person or group that beneficially owns more than 5 of our common stock will have to be disclosed in a Schedule 13G or other filings with the SEC. Beneficial ownership for these purposes is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC, and includes having voting or investment power over the securities. Although we will provide in our quarterly statements the amount of outstanding stock, the responsibility for determining the filing obligation and preparing the filing remains with the investor. In addition beneficial owners of 10 or more of our common stock will be subject to reporting obligations under Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Stockholders may be subject to the short-swing profits rules under the Exchange Act as a result of their investment in us. 
 Persons with the right to appoint a director or who beneficially own more than 10 of our common stock may be subject to Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act, which recaptures for our benefit profits from the purchase and sale of registered stock within a six-month period. 
 To the extent OID and PIK interest constitute a portion of our income, we will be exposed to typical risks associated with such income being required to be included in taxable and accounting income prior to receipt of cash representing such income. 
 Our investments may include OID instruments and PIK interest arrangements, which represents contractual interest added to a loan balance and due at the end of such loan s term. To the extent OID or PIK interest constitute a portion of our income, we are exposed to typical risks associated with such income being required to be included in taxable and accounting income prior to receipt of cash, including the following: 
 The higher interest rates of OID and PIK instruments reflect the payment deferral and increased credit risk associated with these instruments, and OID and PIK instruments generally represent a significantly higher credit risk than coupon loans. 

Even if the accounting conditions for income accrual are met, the borrower could still default when our actual collection is supposed to occur at the maturity of the obligation. 

OID and PIK instruments may have unreliable valuations because their continuing accruals require continuing judgments about the collectability of the deferred payments and the value of any associated collateral. OID and PIK income may also create uncertainty about the source of our cash distributions. 

For accounting purposes, any cash distributions to stockholders representing OID and PIK income are not treated as coming from paid-in capital, even if the cash to pay them comes from offering proceeds. As a result, despite the fact that a distribution representing OID and PIK income could be paid out of amounts invested by our stockholders, the Investment Company Act does not require that stockholders be given notice of this fact by reporting it as a return of capital. 

In addition, investments in PIK and OID instruments may provide certain benefits to the Investment Adviser, including increasing management fees and incentive fees prior to the receipt of cash with respect to accrued interest payments. 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 
 None. 
 ITEM 2. P ROPERTIES. 
 We maintain our principal executive office at 200 West Street, New York, New York 10282. We do not own any real estate. 
 61 
 
 Table of Contents 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 
 From time to time, we may be a party to certain legal proceedings, including proceedings relating to the enforcement of our rights under loans to or other contracts with our portfolio companies. We are not currently subject to any material legal proceedings, nor, to our knowledge, is any material legal proceeding threatened against us. 
 ITEM 4. MINE SA FETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 62 
 
 Table of Contents 
 PART II. 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STO CKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 Market Information 
 There is currently no public market for the common stock, and we do not expect one to develop in the future. 
 Stockholders 
 Prior to the Initial Drawdown Date, the Initial Member, an affiliate of our Investment Adviser, was the sole owner of our membership interests, which were acquired for an initial capital contribution of 100. We cancelled the Initial Member s interest in us on the Initial Drawdown Date. Concurrent with the cancellation, investors (other than the Initial Member) made their initial capital contribution to purchase shares of our common stock. 
 As of March 2, 2023, there were approximately 2,192 holders of record of our common stock. 
 
 Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 
 The following table summarizes the total shares issued and proceeds received related to capital drawdowns: 

Share Issue Date 
 
 Shares Issued 

Proceeds Received in millions) 

For the year ended December 31, 2022 

March 16, 2022 

1,823,817 

34.05 

July 27, 2022 

856,930 

15.81 

September 19, 2022 

2,069,029 

38.20 

October 19, 2022 

3,024,805 

55.54 

November 16, 2022 

193,341 

3.58 

Total capital drawdowns 

7,967,922 

147.18 

For the period from October 29, 2021 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2021 

November 23, 2021 

944,320 

18.89 

December 20, 2021 

493,254 

9.40 

Total capital drawdowns 

1,437,574 

28.29 

Inclusive of 476 shares that were cancelled as a result of defaulting stockholders. 
 Each of the above issuances and sales of the common stock was exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and Regulation D or Regulation S under the Securities Act. Each purchaser of common stock was required to represent that it is (i) either an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501 of Regulation D under the Securities Act or, in the case of stock sold outside the United States, not a U.S. person in accordance with Regulation S of the Securities Act and (ii) was acquiring the common stock for investment and not with a view to resell or distribute. We did not engage in general solicitation or advertising, and did not offer securities to the public, in connection with such issuance and sale. 
 Because the common stock is being acquired by investors in one or more transactions not involving a public offering, they are restricted securities and may be required to be held indefinitely. Our common stock may not be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged or otherwise disposed of unless (i) our consent is granted, and (ii) the common stock is registered under applicable securities laws or specifically exempted from registration (in which case the stockholders may, at our option, be required to provide us with a legal opinion, in form and substance satisfactory to us, that registration is not required). Accordingly, an investor must be willing to bear the economic risk of investment in the common stock until we are liquidated. No sale, transfer, assignment, pledge or other disposition, whether voluntary or involuntary, of common stock may be made except by registration of the transfer on our books. Each purchaser of our common stock will be required to complete and deliver to the appropriate Placement Agent, if any, and us, prior to the acceptance of any order, a subscription agreement substantiating the purchaser s eligibility to purchase shares and including limitations on resales and transfers of our common stock. 
 Distributions 
 Subject to the requirements of Section 852(a) of the Code, and the terms of any indebtedness or preferred stock, we intend to (i) distribute to our stockholders, pro rata based on the number of shares held by each stockholder, before the end of each taxable year, or in certain cases, during the following taxable year, net proceeds attributable to the repayment or disposition of investments (together with any interest, dividends and other net cash flow in respect of such investments), except to the extent such proceeds from repayment or disposition are retained for reinvestment prior to the termination of the Investment Period in accordance with Recycling below, (ii) distribute quarterly investment income (i.e. proceeds received in respect of interest payments, dividends or fees as opposed to proceeds received in connection with the disposition or repayment of an investment) commencing with the quarter ended June 30, 2022, and (iii) distribute substantially all of our investment company taxable income and net capital gain for each taxable year in order to maintain our status as a RIC . 
 63 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Depending upon the level of taxable income and net capital gain earned in a year, we may retain certain net capital gain for reinvestment and carry forward taxable income for distribution in the following year and pay any applicable tax. Distributions to our stockholders will be appropriately adjusted for any taxes payable by us or any direct or indirect subsidiary through which we invest (including any corporate, state, local, non-U.S. and withholding taxes). 
 No distribution shall be made to a stockholder to the extent not permitted under applicable law. Although we do not intend to do so, we have the ability to declare a portion of a dividend in shares. 
 The following tables summarize the distributions declared on our common stock: 

Date Declared 
 
 Record Date 
 
 Payment Date 
 
 Amount Per Share 

For the year ended December 31, 2022 

May 2, 2022 
 
 July 5, 2022 
 
 July 28, 2022 

0.02 

August 3, 2022 
 
 October 3, 2022 
 
 October 28, 2022 

0.12 

November 2, 2022 
 
 December 30, 2022 
 
 January 27, 2023 

0.38 

Recycling 
 Subject to the requirements of the Code and the terms of any indebtedness, proceeds realized by us prior to the Wind-down Determination Date from the sale or repayment of any investment (as opposed to investment income) up to the cost of any such investment, may be retained and reinvested by us. Any amounts so reinvested will not reduce a stockholder s Undrawn Commitment. 
 To the extent that we retain net capital gains for reinvestment or carry forward taxable income for distribution in the following year, there may be certain tax consequences to us and the stockholders. 
 
 ITEM 6. [ R ESERVED] 
 
 64 
 
 Table of Contents 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The following discussion and other parts of this report contain forward-looking information that involves risks and uncertainties. References to we, us, our, and the Company, mean Goldman Sachs Middle Market Lending Corp. II, unless otherwise specified. The terms GSAM, our Adviser or our Investment Adviser refer to Goldman Sachs Asset Management, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership. The term GS Group Inc. refers to The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. The term Goldman Sachs refers to GS Group Inc., together with Goldman Sachs Co. LLC (including its predecessors, GS Co. ), GSAM and its other subsidiaries and affiliates. The discussion and analysis contained in this section refers to our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. The information contained in this section should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this report. Please see Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements for a discussion of the uncertainties, risks and assumptions associated with this discussion and analysis. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated by such forward-looking information due to factors discussed under Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements appearing elsewhere in this report. 
 OVERVIEW 
 We are a specialty finance company focused on lending to middle-market companies. We are a closed-end management investment company that has elected to be regulated as a business development company BDC under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ). In addition, we have elected to be treated as a regulated investment company RIC under Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), and we expect to qualify annually for tax treatment as a RIC, commencing with our taxable year ended December 31, 2021. From our commencement of investment operations on October 29, 2021 through December 31, 2022, we have originated 342.74 million in aggregate principal amount of debt and equity investments prior to any subsequent exits and repayments. We seek to generate current income and, to a lesser extent, capital appreciation primarily through direct originations of secured debt, including first lien, unitranche, including last-out portions of such loans, and second lien debt, and unsecured debt, including mezzanine debt, as well as through select equity investments. 
 Unitranche loans are first lien loans that extend deeper in a borrower s capital structure than traditional first lien debt and may provide for a waterfall of cash flow priority between different lenders in such loan. In a number of instances, we may find another lender to provide the first-out portion of a unitranche loan while we retain the last-out portion of such loan, in which case, the first-out portion of the loan would generally receive priority with respect to the payment of principal, interest and any other amounts due thereunder as compared to the last-out portion that we would continue to hold. In exchange for taking greater risk of loss, the last-out portion generally earns a higher interest rate than the first-out portion of the loan. We use the term mezzanine to refer to debt that ranks senior in right of payment only to a borrower s equity securities and ranks junior in right of payment to all of such borrower s other indebtedness. We may make multiple investments in the same portfolio company. 
 We may also originate covenant-lite loans, which are loans with fewer financial maintenance covenants than other obligations, or no financial maintenance covenants. Such covenant-lite loans may not include terms that allow the lender to monitor the performance of the borrower or to declare a default if certain criteria are breached. These flexible covenants (or the absence of covenants) could permit borrowers to experience a significant downturn in their results of operations without triggering any default that would permit holders of their debt (such as us) to accelerate indebtedness or negotiate terms and pricing. In the event of default, covenant-lite loans may recover less value than traditional loans as the lender may not have an opportunity to negotiate with the borrower prior to such default. 
 We expect to invest, under normal circumstances, at least 80 of our net assets (plus any borrowings for investment purposes), directly or indirectly in private middle-market credit obligations and related instruments. We define credit obligations and related instruments for this purpose as any fixed-income instrument, including loans to, and bonds and preferred stock of, portfolio companies and other instruments that provide exposure to such fixed-income instruments. Middle market is used to refer to companies with between 5 million and 200 million of annual earnings before interest expense, income tax expense, depreciation and amortization EBITDA excluding certain one-time and non-recurring items that are outside the operations of these companies. While, as a result of fluctuations in the net-asset value of one asset relative to other assets, private middle-market credit obligations and related instruments may represent less than 80 of our net assets (plus any borrowings for investment purposes) at any time, we may not invest, under normal circumstances, more than 20 of our net assets (plus any borrowings for investment purposes) in securities and other instruments that are not private middle-market credit obligations and related instruments. To the extent we determine to invest indirectly in private middle-market credit obligations and related instruments, we may invest through certain synthetic instruments, including derivatives that have similar economic characteristics to private middle-market credit obligations. For purposes of determining compliance with our 80 policy, each applicable derivative instrument will be valued based upon its market value. We will notify our stockholders at least 60 days prior to any change to the 80 investment policy described above. 
 We expect to directly or indirectly invest at least 70 of our total assets in middle-market companies domiciled in the United States. However, we may from time to time invest opportunistically in large U.S. companies, non-U.S. companies, stressed or distressed debt, structured products, private equity or other opportunities, subject to limits imposed by the Investment Company Act. 
 65 
 
 Table of Contents 
 While our investment program is expected to focus primarily on debt investments, our investments may include equity features, such as a direct investment in the equity or convertible securities of a portfolio company or warrants or options to buy a minority interest in a portfolio company. Any warrants we may receive with debt securities will generally require only a nominal cost to exercise, so as a portfolio company appreciates in value, we may achieve additional investment return from these equity investments. We may structure the warrants to provide provisions protecting our rights as a minority-interest holder, as well as puts, or rights to sell such securities back to the portfolio company, upon the occurrence of specified events. In many cases, we may also obtain registration rights in connection with these equity investments, which may include demand and piggyback registration rights. 
 For a discussion of the competitive landscape we face, please see Item 1A. Risk Factors Competition We operate in a highly competitive market for investment opportunities and Item 1. Business Competitive Advantages. 
 KEY COMPONENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Investments 
 Our level of investment activity can and will vary substantially from period to period depending on many factors, including the amount of debt and equity capital available to middle-market companies, the level of merger and acquisition activity for such companies, the general economic environment, the amount of capital we have available to us and the competitive environment for the type of investments we make. 
 As a BDC, we may not acquire any assets other than qualifying assets specified in the Investment Company Act, unless, at the time the acquisition is made, at least 70 of our total assets are qualifying assets (with certain limited exceptions). Qualifying assets include investments in eligible portfolio companies. Pursuant to rules adopted by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), eligible portfolio companies include certain companies that do not have any securities listed on a national securities exchange and public companies whose securities are listed on a national securities exchange but whose market capitalization is less than 250 million. 
 Revenues 
 We generate revenues in the form of interest income on debt investments and, to a lesser extent, capital gains and distributions, if any, on equity securities that we may acquire in portfolio companies. Some of our investments may provide for deferred interest payments or payment-in-kind PIK income. The principal amount of the debt investments and any accrued but unpaid interest generally becomes due at the maturity date. 
 We generate revenues primarily through receipt of interest income from the investments we hold. In addition, we may generate revenue in the form of commitment, origination, structuring, syndication, exit fees or diligence fees, fees for providing managerial assistance and consulting fees. Portfolio company fees (directors fees, consulting fees, administrative fees, tax advisory fees and other similar compensation) will be paid to us, unless, to the extent required by applicable law or exemptive relief, if any, therefrom, we receive our allocable portion of such fees when invested in the same portfolio company as other client accounts managed by our Investment Adviser (collectively with the Company, the Accounts ), which other Accounts could receive their allocable portion of such fee. We do not expect to receive material fee income as it is not our principal investment strategy. We record contractual prepayment premiums on loans and debt securities as interest income. 
 Dividend income on preferred equity investments is recorded on an accrual basis to the extent that such amounts are payable by the portfolio company and are expected to be collected. Dividend income on common equity investments is recorded on the record date for private portfolio companies and on the ex-dividend date for publicly traded portfolio companies. Interest and dividend income are presented net of withholding tax, if any. 
 66 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Expenses 
 Our primary operating expenses include the payment of the management fee (the Management Fee and the incentive fee (the Incentive Fee to our Investment Adviser, legal and professional fees, interest and other debt expenses and other operating and overhead related expenses. The Management Fee and Incentive Fee compensate our Investment Adviser for its work in identifying, evaluating, negotiating, closing and monitoring our investments. We bear all other expenses of our operations and transactions in accordance with the investment management agreement (the Investment Management Agreement and administration agreement Administration Agreement ), including: 
 our operational, offering and organizational expenses; 

fees and expenses, including travel expenses, incurred by our Investment Adviser or payable to third parties related to our investments, including, among others, professional fees (including the fees of consultants and experts) and fees and expenses from evaluating, monitoring, researching and performing due diligence on investments and prospective investments; 

interest payable on debt, if any, incurred to finance our investments; 

fees and expenses incurred by us in connection with membership in investment company organizations; 

brokers commissions; 

fees and expenses associated with calculating our NAV (including expenses of any Independent Valuation Advisor); 

legal, auditing or accounting expenses; 

taxes or governmental fees; 

the fees and expenses of our Administrator, transfer agent and/or sub-transfer agent; 

the cost of preparing stock certificates or any other expenses, including clerical expenses of issue, redemption or repurchase of the shares; 

the expenses of, and fees for, registering or qualifying common stock for sale, maintaining our registration and qualifying and registering the Company as a broker or a dealer; 

the fees and expenses of our directors who are not affiliated with our Investment Adviser; 

the fees or disbursements of custodians of our assets, including expenses incurred in the performance of any obligations enumerated by our certificate of incorporation or bylaws insofar as they govern agreements with any such custodian; 

the cost of preparing and distributing reports, proxy statements and notices to our stockholders, the SEC and other regulatory authorities; 

insurance premiums; 

costs of holding stockholder meetings; 

listing fees, if any; and 

costs incurred in connection with any claim, litigation, arbitration, mediation, government investigation or dispute in connection with our business and the amount of any judgment or settlement paid in connection therewith, or the enforcement of our rights against any person and indemnification or contribution expenses payable by us to any person and other extraordinary expenses not incurred in the ordinary course of our business. 

In addition, we shall bear the fees and expenses related to the preparation and maintaining of any necessary registrations with regulators in order to market the common stock of the Company in certain jurisdictions and fees and expenses associated with preparation and maintenance of any key information document or similar document required by law or regulation. 
 Our Investment Adviser will not be required to pay expenses of activities, which are primarily intended to result in sales of common stock, including all costs and expenses associated with the preparation and distribution of the Subscription Agreements. 
 We expect our general and administrative expenses to be relatively stable or decline as a percentage of total assets during periods of asset growth and to increase during periods of asset declines. 
 Leverage 
 We expect from time to time to borrow funds for a variety of purposes, subject to the limitations of the Investment Company Act, including to bridge fundings for investments in advance of drawdowns, as part of our investment strategy, to meet other short-term liquidity needs, including to pay the Management Fee, and to facilitate our hedging activities. Sources of leverage include the issuance of senior securities (including preferred stock) and other credit facilities (secured by investments and/or pledges of Undrawn Commitments). Our revolving credit agreement (as amended, the BoA Revolving Credit Facility with Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent, allows us to borrow money and lever our investment portfolio, subject to the limitations of the Investment Company Act, with the objective of increasing our yield. This is known as leverage and could increase or decrease returns to our stockholders. The use of leverage involves significant risks. We are permitted to borrow amounts such that our asset coverage ratio, as defined in the Investment Company Act, is at least 150 after such borrowing (if certain requirements are met). 
 67 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Certain trading practices and investments, such as reverse repurchase agreements, may be considered borrowings or involve leverage and thus may be subject to Investment Company Act restrictions. In accordance with applicable SEC staff guidance and interpretations, when we engage in such transactions, instead of maintaining an asset coverage ratio of at least 150 (if certain requirements are met), we may segregate or earmark liquid assets, or enter into an offsetting position, in an amount at least equal to our exposure, on a mark-to-market basis, to such transactions (as calculated pursuant to requirements of the SEC). Short-term credits necessary for the settlement of securities transactions and arrangements with respect to securities lending will not be considered borrowings for these purposes. Practices and investments that may involve leverage but are not considered borrowings are not subject to the Investment Company Act s asset coverage requirement, and we will not otherwise segregate or earmark liquid assets or enter into offsetting positions for such transactions. The amount of leverage that we employ will depend on the assessment by our Investment Adviser and our board of directors (the Board of Directors or the Board of market conditions and other factors at the time of any proposed borrowing. 
 PORTFOLIO AND INVESTMENT ACTIVITY 
 Our portfolio (excluding investments in money market funds, if any) consisted of the following: 

As of 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Amortized Cost 

Fair Value 

Amortized Cost 

Fair Value 

in millions) 

First Lien/Senior Secured Debt 

240.89 

239.70 

26.19 

26.41 

First Lien/Last-Out Unitranche 

6.35 

6.29 

Preferred Stock 

2.71 

2.83 

2.71 

2.71 

Common Stock 

0.67 

0.77 

0.27 

0.27 

Warrants 

0.22 

0.07 

0.22 

0.22 

Total investments 

250.84 

249.66 

29.39 

29.61 

The weighted average of our portfolio by asset type (excluding investments in money market funds, if any), at amortized cost and fair value, was as follows: 

As of 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Amortized Cost 

Fair Value 

Amortized Cost 

Fair Value 

Weighted Average Yield (1) 

First Lien/Senior Secured Debt (2) 

11.2 

11.3 

7.4 

7.3 

First Lien/Last-Out Unitranche (2)(3) 

13.2 

13.2 

N/A 

N/A 

Preferred Stock (4) 

Common Stock (4) 

Warrants (4) 

Total Portfolio 

11.1 

11.2 

6.6 

6.5 

(1) The weighted average yield of our portfolio does not represent the total return to our stockholders. 

(2) Computed based on (a) the annual actual interest rate or yield earned plus amortization of fees and discounts on the performing debt and other income producing investments as of the reporting date, divided by (b) the total investments (including investments on non-accrual and non-income producing investments) at amortized cost or fair value. 

(3) The calculation includes incremental yield earned on the last-out portion of the unitranche loan investments. 

(4) Computed based on (a) the stated coupon rate, if any, for each income-producing investment, divided by (b) the total investments (including investments on non-accrual and non-income producing investments) at amortized cost or fair value. 

As of December 31, 2022, the total portfolio weighted average yield measured at amortized cost and fair value was 11.1 and 11.2 , as compared to 6.6 and 6.5 , as of December 31, 2021. The increase in the weighted average yield at amortized cost and fair value was primarily driven by rising interest rates, increase in market volatility and widening of credit spreads. 
 The following table presents certain selected information regarding our investment portfolio (excluding investments in money market funds, if any): 

As of 

December 31, 2022 
 
 December 31, 2021 

Number of portfolio companies 

34 

10 

Percentage of performing debt bearing a floating rate (1) 

100.0 

100.0 

Percentage of performing debt bearing a fixed rate (1)(2) 

Weighted average leverage (net debt/EBITDA) (3) 

5.7 
 x 

5.9 
 x 

Weighted average interest coverage (3) 

1.7 
 x 

2.5 
 x 

Median EBITDA (3) 

51.54 million 

32.32 million 

(1) Measured on a fair value basis. Excludes investments, if any, placed on non-accrual. 

(2) Includes income producing preferred stock investments, if applicable. 

68 
 
 Table of Contents 
 (3) For a particular portfolio company, we calculate the level of contractual indebtedness net of cash net debt owed by the portfolio company and compare that amount to measures of cash flow available to service the net debt. To calculate net debt, we include debt that is both senior and pari passu to the tranche of debt owned by us but exclude debt that is legally and contractually subordinated in ranking to the debt owned by us. We believe this calculation method assists in describing the risk of our portfolio investments, as it takes into consideration contractual rights of repayment of the tranche of debt owned by us relative to other senior and junior creditors of a portfolio company. We typically calculate cash flow available for debt service at a portfolio company by taking EBITDA for the trailing twelve month period. Weighted average net debt to EBITDA is weighted based on the fair value of our debt investments, excluding investments where net debt to EBITDA may not be the appropriate measure of credit risk, such as cash collateralized loans and investments that are underwritten and covenanted based on recurring revenue. 

For a particular portfolio company, we also calculate the level of contractual interest expense owed by the portfolio company, and compare that amount to EBITDA interest coverage ratio ). We believe this calculation method assists in describing the risk of our portfolio investments, as it takes into consideration contractual interest obligations of the portfolio company. Weighted average interest coverage is weighted based on the fair value of our performing debt investments, excluding investments where interest coverage may not be the appropriate measure of credit risk, such as cash collateralized loans and investments that are underwritten and covenanted based on recurring revenue. 
 
 Median EBITDA is based on our debt investments, excluding investments where net debt to EBITDA may not be the appropriate measure of credit risk, such as cash collateralized loans and investments that are underwritten and covenanted based on recurring revenue. 
 
 Portfolio company statistics are derived from the most recently available financial statements of each portfolio company as of the reported end date. Statistics of the portfolio companies have not been independently verified by us and may reflect a normalized or adjusted amount. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, investments where net debt to EBITDA may not be the appropriate measure of credit risk represented 41.4 and 52.9 of total debt investments at fair value. 
 Our Investment Adviser monitors the financial trends of each portfolio company on an ongoing basis to determine each is meeting its respective business plan and to assess the appropriate course of action for each company. Our Investment Adviser has several methods of evaluating and monitoring the performance and fair value of our investments, which may include: (i) assessment of success in adhering to the portfolio company s business plan and compliance with covenants; (ii) periodic or regular contact with portfolio company management and, if appropriate, the financial or strategic sponsor, to discuss financial position, requirements and accomplishments; (iii) comparisons to our other portfolio companies in the industry, if any; (iv) attendance at and participation in board meetings or presentations by portfolio companies; and (v) review of monthly and quarterly financial statements and financial projections of portfolio companies. 
 As part of the monitoring process, our Investment Adviser also employs an investment rating system to categorize our investments. In addition to various risk management and monitoring tools, our Investment Adviser grades the credit risk of all investments on a scale of 1 to 4 no less frequently than quarterly. This system is intended primarily to reflect the underlying risk of a portfolio investment relative to our initial cost basis in respect of such portfolio investment (i.e., at the time of origination or acquisition), although it may also take into account under certain circumstances the performance of the portfolio company s business, the collateral coverage of the investment and other relevant factors. The grading system for our investments is as follows: 
 	 Grade 1 investments involve the least amount of risk to our initial cost basis. The trends and risk factors for this investment since origination or acquisition are generally favorable, which may include the performance of the portfolio company or a potential exit; 
 	 Grade 2 investments involve a level of risk to our initial cost basis that is similar to the risk to our initial cost basis at the time of origination or acquisition. This portfolio company is generally performing as expected and the risk factors to our ability to ultimately recoup the cost of our investment are neutral to favorable. All investments or acquired investments in new portfolio companies are initially assessed a grade of 2; 
 	 Grade 3 investments indicate that the risk to our ability to recoup the initial cost basis of such investment has increased materially since origination or acquisition, including as a result of factors such as declining performance and non-compliance with debt covenants; however, payments are generally not more than 120 days past due; and 
 	 Grade 4 investments indicate that the risk to our ability to recoup the initial cost basis of such investment has substantially increased since origination or acquisition, and the portfolio company likely has materially declining performance. For debt investments with an investment grade of 4, in most cases, most or all of the debt covenants are out of compliance and payments are substantially delinquent. For investments graded 4, it is anticipated that we will not recoup our initial cost basis and may realize a substantial loss of our initial cost basis upon exit. 
 69 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Our Investment Adviser grades the investments in our portfolio at least quarterly and it is possible that the grade of a portfolio investment may be reduced or increased over time. For investments graded 3 or 4, the Investment Adviser enhances its level of scrutiny over the monitoring of such portfolio company. The following table shows the composition of our portfolio on the 1 to 4 grading scale: 

As of 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Investment Performance Rating 
 
 Fair Value 

Percentage of Total 

Fair Value 

Percentage of Total 

(in millions) 

(in millions) 

Grade 1 

Grade 2 

249.66 

100.0 

29.61 

100.0 

Grade 3 

Grade 4 

Total Investments 

249.66 

100.0 

29.61 

100.0 

The following table shows the amortized cost of our performing and non-accrual investments (excluding investments in money market funds, if any): 

As of 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Amortized Cost 

Percentage of Total 

Amortized Cost 

Percentage of Total 

(in millions) 

(in millions) 

Performing 

250.84 

100.0 

29.39 

100.0 

Non-accrual 

Total Investments 

250.84 

100.0 

29.39 

100.0 

Investments are placed on non-accrual status when it is probable that principal, interest or dividends will not be collected according to the contractual terms. Accrued interest or dividends generally are reversed when an investment is placed on non-accrual status. Interest or dividend payments received on non-accrual investments may be recognized as income or applied to principal depending upon management s judgment. Non-accrual investments are restored to accrual status when past due principal and interest or dividends are paid and, in management s judgment, principal and interest or dividend payments are likely to remain current. We may make exceptions to this treatment if the loan has sufficient collateral value and is in the process of collection. 
 The following table shows our investment activity by investment type (1) : 

For the year ended December 31, 

For the period from October 29, 2021 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 

2022 

2021 

in millions) 

Amount of investments committed at cost : 

First Lien/Senior Secured Debt 

287.60 

39.81 

First Lien/Last-Out Unitranche 

11.73 

Preferred Stock 

2.71 

Common Stock 

0.40 

0.27 

Warrants 

0.22 

Total 

299.73 

43.01 

Proceeds from investments sold or repaid: 

First Lien/Senior Secured Debt 

9.12 

Total 

9.12 

Net increase in portfolio 

290.61 

43.01 

Number of new portfolio companies with new investment commitments 

24 

10 

Total new investment commitment amount in new portfolio companies 

282.30 

43.01 

Average new investment commitment amount in new portfolio companies 

11.76 

4.30 

Number of existing portfolio companies with new investment commitments 

4 

Total new investment commitment amount in existing portfolio companies 

17.43 

Weighted average remaining term for new investment commitments (in years) (2) 

5.6 

5.4 

Percentage of new debt investment commitments at floating interest rates 

100.0 

100.0 

Percentage of new debt investment commitments at fixed interest rates (3) 

Weighted average yield on new debt and income producing investment commitments (4) 

9.8 

7.5 

Weighted average yield on new investment commitments (5) 

9.7 

7.0 

Weighted average yield on debt and income producing investments sold or repaid (6) 

9.9 

Weighted average yield on investments sold or repaid (7) 

9.9 

(1) Figures for new investment commitments are shown net of capitalized fees, expenses and original issue discount OID that occurred at the initial close. Figures for new investment commitments may also include positions originated during the period but not held at the reporting date. Figures for investments sold or repaid, excludes unfunded commitments that may have expired or otherwise been terminated without receipt of cash proceeds or other consideration. 

70 
 
 Table of Contents 
 (2) Calculated as of the end of the relevant period and the maturity date of the individual investments. 

(3) May include preferred stock investments. 

(4) Computed based on (a) the annual actual interest rate on new debt and income producing investment commitments, divided by (b) the total new debt and income producing investment commitments. The calculation includes incremental yield earned on the last-out portion of the unitranche loan investments and excludes investments that are non-accrual. The annual actual interest rate used is as of the respective quarter end date when the investment activity occurred. 

(5) Computed based on (a) the annual actual interest rate on new investment commitments, divided by (b) the total new investment commitments (including investments on non-accrual and non-income producing investments). The calculation includes incremental yield earned on the last-out portion of the unitranche loan investments. The annual actual interest rate used is as of the respective quarter end date when the investment activity occurred. 

(6) Computed based on (a) the annual actual interest rate on debt and income producing investments sold or paid down, divided by (b) the total debt and income producing investments sold or paid down. The calculation includes incremental yield earned on the last-out portion of the unitranche loan investments and excludes prepayment premiums earned on exited investments and investments that are non-accrual. 

(7) Computed based on (a) the annual actual interest rate on investments sold or paid down, divided by (b) the total investments sold or paid down (including investments on non-accrual and non-income producing investments). The calculation includes incremental yield earned on the last-out portion of the unitranche loan investments and excludes prepayment premiums earned on exited investments. 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Our operating results were as follows: 

For the year ended December 31, 

For the period from October 29, 2021 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 

2022 

2021 

in millions) 

Total investment income 

10.40 

0.11 

Net expenses 

(6.79) 

(1.68) 

Net investment income (loss) 

3.61 

(1.57) 

Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments 

(1.40) 

0.23 

Net realized and unrealized gain (losses) on translations and transactions 

(0.28) 

(0.02) 

Net realized and unrealized gains (losses) 

(1.68) 

0.21 

(Provision) benefit for taxes on unrealized appreciation/depreciation on investments 

(0.01) 

Net increase (decrease) in net assets from operations 

1.92 

(1.36) 

Net increase (decrease) in net assets from operations can vary from period to period as a result of various factors, including acquisitions, the level of new investment commitments, the recognition of realized gains and losses and changes in unrealized appreciation and depreciation in the investment portfolio. 
 Investment Income 
 
 Our investment income was as follows: 

For the year ended December 31, 

For the period from October 29, 2021 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 

2022 

2021 

in millions) 

Interest income 

9.53 

0.10 

Payment-in-kind income 

0.56 

0.01 

Other income 

0.26 

0.00 
 
 (1) 

Dividend income 

0.05 

Total investment income 

10.40 

0.11 

(1) Amount rounds to less than 0.01 million. 

Investment income for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from October 29, 2021 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2021 was driven by our deployment of capital into incoming producing investments. 
 71 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Expenses 
 Our expenses were as follows: 

For the year ended December 31, 

For the period from October 29, 2021 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 

2022 

2021 

in millions) 

Interest and other debt expenses 

2.41 

0.06 

Management fees 

0.82 

0.01 

Incentive fees 

(0.03) 

0.03 

Professional fees 

0.96 

0.33 

Offering costs 

0.86 

0.10 

Directors and officers liability insurance 

0.57 

0.15 

Directors fees 

0.50 

0.45 

Organization costs 

0.01 

0.48 

Other general and administrative expenses 

0.88 

0.08 

Total expenses 

6.98 

1.69 

Management fee waiver 

(0.19) 

(0.01) 

Net Expenses 

6.79 

1.68 

In the table above: 
 Interest and other debt expenses increased from 0.06 million for the period from October 29, 2021 (commencement of operations) to 2.41 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. This was primarily due to an increase in the average aggregate daily borrowings from 6.31 million to 33.71 million. 

Management Fees increased from 0.01 million for the period from October 29, 2021 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2021 to 0.82 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 primarily driven by an increase in the size of our portfolio. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from October 29, 2021 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2021, the Investment Adviser voluntarily waived 0.19 million and 0.01 million of its Management Fees, respectively. 

Professional fees and other general and administrative expenses increased from 0.41 million for the period from October 29, 2021 (commencement of operations) to 1.84 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 primarily driven by an increase in the size of the portfolio and an increase in costs associated with servicing a larger investment portfolio. 

Net Change in Unrealized Appreciation (Depreciation) on Investments 
 
 Any changes in fair value are recorded in change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments. For further details on the valuation process, refer to Note 2 Significant Accounting Policies Investments in our consolidated financial statements. Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments consisted of the following: 

For the year ended December 31, 

For the period from October 29, 2021 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 

2022 

2021 

in millions) 

Unrealized appreciation 

0.42 

0.24 

Unrealized depreciation 

(1.82) 

(0.01) 

Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments 

(1.40) 

0.23 

72 
 
 Table of Contents 
 The change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments consisted of the following: 

For the year ended December 31, 

2022 

in millions) 

Portfolio Company: 

HumanState Limited (dba PayProp) 

0.19 

Clearcourse Partnership Acquireco Finance Limited 

0.10 

Southeast Mechanical, LLC (dba. SEM Holdings, LLC) 

0.06 

Millstone Medical Outsourcing, LLC 

0.05 

Governmentjobs.com, Inc. (dba NeoGov) 

0.03 

Zarya Intermediate, LLC (dba iOFFICE) 

(0.10) 

BSI3 Menu Buyer, Inc (dba Kydia) 

(0.16) 

HealthEdge Software, Inc. 

(0.19) 

Bigchange Group Limited 

(0.21) 

CloudBees, Inc. 

(0.23) 

Other, net(1) 

(0.94) 

Total 

(1.40) 

(1) For the year ended December 31, 2022, other, net includes gross unrealized depreciation of (0.94) million. 

For the period from October 29, 2021 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2021 

in millions) 

Portfolio Company: 

CloudBees, Inc. 

0.21 

Bigchange Group Limited 

0.02 

NFM J, L.P. (dba the Facilities Group) 

0.01 

WhiteWater Holding Company LLC 

(0.01) 

Total 

0.23 

FINANCIAL CONDITION, LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 The primary use of existing funds and any funds raised in the future is expected to be for our investments in portfolio companies, cash distributions to, or stock repurchases from, our stockholders or for other general corporate purposes, including paying for operating expenses or debt service to the extent we borrow or issue senior securities. 
 
 We expect to generate cash primarily from the net proceeds of any future offerings of securities, drawdowns of capital commitments, future borrowings and cash flows from operations. To the extent we determine that additional capital would allow us to take advantage of additional investment opportunities, if the market for debt financing presents attractively priced debt financing opportunities, or if our Board of Directors otherwise determines that leveraging our portfolio would be in our best interest and the best interests of our stockholders, we may enter into credit facilities in addition to our BoA Revolving Credit Facility, or issue other senior securities. We would expect any such credit facilities may be secured by certain of our assets and may contain advance rates based upon pledged collateral. The pricing and other terms of any such facilities would depend upon market conditions when we enter into any such facilities as well as the performance of our business, among other factors. As a BDC, with certain limited exceptions, we are only permitted to borrow amounts such that our asset coverage ratio, as defined in the Investment Company Act, is at least 150 after such borrowing (if certain requirements are met). See Key Components of Operations Leverage. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, our asset coverage ratio based on the aggregate amount outstanding of our senior securities (which includes the BoA Revolving Credit Facility) was 316 and 167 . We may also refinance or repay any of our indebtedness at any time based on our financial condition and market conditions. 
 We may enter into investment commitments through signed commitment letters that may ultimately become investment transactions in the future. We regularly evaluate and carefully consider our unfunded commitments using GSAM s proprietary risk management framework for the purpose of planning our capital resources and ongoing liquidity, including our financial leverage. 
 An affiliate of the Investment Adviser made a capital commitment to us of 100 on October 29, 2021 (commencement of operations) and served as our initial member (the Initial Member ). We cancelled the Initial Member s interest in us on November 23, 2021, the first date on which investors (other than the Initial Member) made their initial capital contribution to purchase shares of our common stock (the Initial Drawdown Date ). We began accepting subscription agreements Subscription Agreements from investors acquiring common shares in our private offering. Under the terms of the Subscription Agreements, investors are required to make capital contributions up to the amount of their undrawn capital commitment to purchase shares each time we deliver a drawdown notice. 
 As of the dates indicated, we had aggregate capital commitments and undrawn capital commitments from investors as follows: 
 73 
 
 Table of Contents 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Capital Commitments in millions) 

Unfunded Capital Commitments in millions) 

of Capital Commitments Funded 

Capital Commitments in millions) 

Unfunded Capital Commitments in millions) 

of Capital Commitments Funded 

Common Stock 

543.34 

367.88 

32 

189.01 

160.73 

15 

The following table summarizes the total shares issued and proceeds related to capital drawdowns: 

Share Issue Date 
 
 Shares Issued 

Proceeds Received in millions) 

For the year ended December 31, 2022 

March 16, 2022 

1,823,817 

34.05 

July 27, 2022 

856,930 

15.81 

September 19, 2022 

2,069,029 

38.20 

October 19, 2022 

3,024,805 

55.54 

November 16, 2022 

193,341 

3.58 

Total capital drawdowns 

7,967,922 

147.18 

For the period from October 29, 2021 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2021 

November 23, 2021 

944,320 

18.89 

December 20, 2021 

493,254 

9.40 

Total capital drawdowns 

1,437,574 

28.29 

Inclusive of 476 shares that were cancelled as a result of defaulting stockholders. 
 
 Contractual Obligations 
 We have entered into certain contracts under which we have future commitments. Payments under the Investment Management Agreement, pursuant to which GSAM has agreed to serve as our Investment Adviser, are equal to (1) a percentage of value of our average gross assets and (2) a two-part Incentive Fee. Under the Administration Agreement, pursuant to which State Street Bank and Trust Company has agreed to furnish us with the administrative services necessary to conduct our day-to-day operations, we pay State Street Bank and Trust Company (the Administrator such fees as may be agreed between us and our Administrator that we determine are commercially reasonable in our sole discretion. Either party or the stockholders, by a vote of a majority of our outstanding voting securities, may terminate the Investment Management Agreement without penalty on at least 60 days written notice to the other party. Either party may terminate the Administration Agreement without penalty upon at least 30 days written notice to the other party. The following table shows our contractual obligations as of December 31, 2022: 

Payments Due by Period in millions) 

Total 

Less Than 1 Year 

1 3 Years 

3 5 Years 

More Than 5 Years 

BoA Revolving Credit Facility (1) 

79.44 

79.44 

(1) We may borrow amounts in USD or certain other permitted currencies. Debt outstanding denominated in currencies other than USD has been converted to USD using the applicable foreign currency exchange rate as of the applicable reporting date. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had outstanding borrowings denominated in USD of 30.00 million, in GBP of 30.67 million, and in CAD of CAD 16.75 million. 

Revolving Credit Facility 
 We entered into the BoA Revolving Credit Facility on November 26, 2021 with Bank of America, N.A. BoA ), as administrative agent (the Administrative Agent ), lead arranger, letter of credit issuer and a lender. We amended the BoA Revolving Credit Facility on July 26, 2022 and November 14, 2022. 
 Subject to availability under the Borrowing Base (as defined by the BoA Revolving Credit Facility), the maximum principal amount of the BoA Revolving Credit Facility was 156.59 million as of December 31, 2022, with a reduction to 127.59 million on and after March 31, 2023. The Borrowing Base is calculated based on the unfunded capital commitments of the investors meeting various eligibility requirements (subject to investor concentration limits) multiplied by specified advance rates. The stated maturity date of the BoA Revolving Credit Facility is November 24, 2023. 
 74 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Under the BoA Revolving Credit Facility, prior to the amendment on July 26, 2022, we had the ability to elect either LIBOR or the alternate base rate at the time of drawdown, and loans may be converted from one rate to another at any time, subject to certain conditions. Interest rate on obligations under the BoA Revolving Credit Facility was the prevailing LIBOR for one month plus 2.85 per annum or (B) an alternate base rate (the greatest of (i) the Prime Rate plus 1.85 , (ii) the Federal Funds Rate plus 0.50 plus 1.85 , and (iii) Adjusted LIBOR Rate plus 1.00 ). Effective July 26, 2022, we have the ability to elect Daily Simple SOFR, Term SOFR, the applicable alternative currency rate, or the alternate base rate at the time of drawdown, and loans may be converted from one rate to another at any time, subject to certain conditions. The interest rate on obligations under the BoA Revolving Credit Facility is (A) the prevailing Daily Simple SOFR, Term SOFR for the applicable interest period or the applicable alternative currency rate, in each case, plus any applicable credit spread adjustment, plus 2.85 per annum, or (B) an alternate base rate (the greatest of (i) the Prime Rate plus 1.85 per annum, (ii) the Federal Funds Rate plus 0.50 plus 1.85 per annum, and (iii) Term SOFR with a one-month tenor plus 1.00 ). We pay a 0.35 annualized fee on a quarterly basis on committed but undrawn amounts under the BoA Revolving Credit Facility. 
 For further details, see Note 6 Debt BoA Revolving Credit Facility to our consolidated financial statements included in this report. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 We may become a party to investment commitments and to financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk in the normal course of our business to fund investments and to meet the financial needs of our portfolio companies. These instruments may include commitments to extend credit and involve, to varying degrees, elements of liquidity and credit risk in excess of the amount recognized in the balance sheet. As of December 31, 2022, we believed that we had adequate financial resources to satisfy our unfunded commitments. Our unfunded commitments to provide funds to portfolio companies were as follows: 

As of 

As of 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

(in millions) 

Unfunded Commitments 

First Lien/Senior Secured Debt 

76.44 

13.77 

First Lien/Last-Out Unitranche 

2.06 

Total 

78.50 

13.77 

HEDGING 
 Subject to applicable provisions of the Investment Company Act and applicable Commodity Futures Trading Commission CFTC regulations, we may enter into hedging transactions in a manner consistent with SEC guidance. To the extent that any of our loans are denominated in a currency other than U.S. dollars, we may enter into currency hedging contracts to reduce our exposure to fluctuations in currency exchange rates. We may also enter into interest rate hedging agreements. Such hedging activities, which will be subject to compliance with applicable legal requirements, may include the use of futures, options, swaps and forward contracts. Costs incurred in entering into such contracts or in settling them, if any, will be borne by us. Our Investment Adviser has claimed no-action relief from CFTC registration and regulation as a commodity pool operator pursuant to a CFTC Rule 4.5 with respect to our operations, with the result that we will be limited in our ability to use futures contracts or options on futures contracts or engage in swap transactions. Specifically, CFTC Rule 4.5 imposes strict limitations on using such derivatives other than for hedging purposes, whereby the use of derivatives not used solely for hedging purposes is generally limited to situations where (i) the aggregate initial margin and premiums required to establish such positions does not exceed five percent of the liquidation value of our portfolio, after taking into account unrealized profits and unrealized losses on any such contracts it has entered into; or (ii) the aggregate net notional value of such derivatives does not exceed 100 of the liquidation value of our portfolio. Moreover, we anticipate entering into transactions involving such derivatives to a very limited extent solely for hedging purposes or otherwise within the limitations of CFTC Rule 4.5. 
 In August 2022, Rule 18f-4 under the Investment Company Act, regarding the ability of a BDC (or a RIC) to use derivatives and other transactions that create future payment or delivery obligations (including reverse repurchase agreements and similar financing transactions), became effective. Under the newly adopted rule, BDCs that make significant use of derivatives are subject to a value-at-risk leverage limit, a derivatives risk management program, testing requirements and requirements related to board reporting. These new requirements will apply unless the BDC qualifies as a limited derivatives user, as defined under the adopted rules. Under the new rule, a BDC may enter into an unfunded commitment agreement that is not a derivatives transaction, such as an agreement to provide financing to a portfolio company, if the BDC has, among other things, a reasonable belief, at the time it enters into such an agreement, that it will have sufficient cash and cash equivalents to meet its obligations with respect to all of its unfunded commitment agreements, in each case as it becomes due. Under the final rule, when we trade reverse repurchase agreements or similar financing transactions, including certain tender option bonds, we need to aggregate the amount of any other senior securities representing indebtedness (e.g., bank borrowings, if applicable) when calculating our asset coverage ratio. We currently operate as a limited derivatives user and these requirements may limit our ability to use derivatives and/or enter into certain other financial contracts. 
 75 
 
 Table of Contents 
 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
 Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP ). The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses. Changes in the economic environment, financial markets and any other parameters used in determining such estimates could cause actual results to differ materially. 
 For a description of our critical accounting policies, see Note 2 Significant Accounting Policies to our consolidated financial statements included in this report. We consider the most significant accounting policies to be those related to our Valuation of Portfolio Investments, Revenue Recognition, Non-Accrual Investments, Distribution Policy, and Income Taxes. 
 
 RECENT DEVELOPMENTS 
 On February 7, 2023, we delivered a capital drawdown notice to certain of our investors relating to the sale of 62,172 shares of our common stock for an aggregate offering price of 1.15 million. The shares were issued on February 21, 2023. 
 On February 28, 2023, our Board of Directors declared a distribution equal to an amount up to our taxable earnings per share, including net investment income (if positive) for the period January 1, 2023 through March 31, 2023, payable on or about April 27, 2023 to shareholders of record as of April 5, 2023. 
 
 Truist Revolving Credit Facility 
 On February 28, 2023, we entered into the Truist Revolving Credit Facility with various lenders. Truist Bank serves as administrative agent. 
 Borrowings denominated in USD, including amounts drawn in respect of letters of credit, bear interest (at our election) of either (i) term SOFR plus a margin of either 2.00 or 1.75 (subject to certain gross borrowing base conditions), plus an additional 0.10 credit adjustment spread, (ii) an alternate base rate, which is the highest of (x) Prime Rate in effect on such day, (y) Federal Funds Effective Rate for such day plus 1/2 of 1.00 and (z) term SOFR for an interest period of one (1) month plus 1.00 , plus a margin of either 1.00 or 0.75 (subject to certain gross borrowing base conditions). Borrowings denominated in non-USD bear interest of the applicable term benchmark rate or daily simple RFR plus a margin of either 2.00 or 1.75 (subject to certain gross borrowing base conditions), plus, in the case of borrowings denominated in Pound Sterling (GBP) only, an additional 0.0326 credit adjustment spread or 0.1193 credit adjustment spread, for 1-month tenor and 3-months tenor borrowings, respectively. With respect to borrowings denominated in USD, we may elect either term SOFR, or an alternative base rate at the time of borrowing, and such borrowings may be converted from one benchmark to another at any time, subject to certain conditions. 
 Any amounts borrowed under the Truist Revolving Credit Facility will mature, and all accrued and unpaid interest will be due and payable, on February 28, 2028. 
 The Truist Revolving Credit Facility is a multicurrency facility, and as of March 2, 2023, total commitments under the Truist Revolving Credit Facility were 305.00 million. The Truist Revolving Credit Facility also has an accordion feature, subject to the satisfaction of various conditions, which could bring total commitments under the Truist Revolving Credit Facility to 750.00 million. 
 The Truist Revolving Credit Facility may be guaranteed by certain of our subsidiaries that are formed or acquired by us in the future (collectively, the Subsidiary Guarantors ). Proceeds from borrowings may be used for general corporate purposes, including the funding of portfolio investments. 
 Our obligations to the lenders under the Truist Revolving Credit Facility are secured by a first priority security interest in substantially all of our portfolio of investments and cash, with certain exceptions. The Truist Revolving Credit Facility contains certain customary covenants, including: (i) maintaining a minimum shareholders equity, (ii) maintaining an asset coverage ratio of at least 1.50 to 1 and (iii) restrictions on industry concentrations in our investment portfolio. We are in compliance with these covenants. 
 The Truist Revolving Credit Facility also includes customary representations and warranties, conditions precedent to funding of draws and events of default (including a change in control event of default trigger). 
 ITEM 7A.	QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITAT IVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 We are subject to financial market risks, most significantly changes in interest rates. Interest rate sensitivity refers to the change in our earnings that may result from changes in the level of interest rates. Because we expect to fund a portion of our investments with borrowings, our net investment income is expected to be affected by the difference between the rate at which we invest and the rate at which we borrow. As a result, we can offer no assurance that a significant change in market interest rates will not have a material adverse effect on our net investment income. 
 76 
 
 Table of Contents 
 As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, on a fair value basis, 100 of our performing debt investments bore interest at a floating rate. Our borrowings under the BoA Revolving Credit Facility bears interest at a floating rate. 
 We regularly measure our exposure to interest rate risk. We assess interest rate risk and manage our interest rate exposure on an ongoing basis by comparing our interest rate sensitive assets to our interest rate sensitive liabilities. 
 Based on our December 31, 2022 Consolidated Statement of Assets and Liabilities, the following table shows the annual impact on net income of base rate changes in interest rates (considering interest rate floors for variable rate instruments) assuming no changes in our investment and borrowing structure: 

As of December 31, 2022 Basis Point Change 
 
 Interest Income 

Interest Expense 

Net Income 

in millions) 

Up 300 basis points 

6.17 

(2.20) 

3.97 

Up 200 basis points 

4.11 

(1.46) 

2.65 

Up 100 basis points 

2.06 

(0.73) 

1.33 

Up 75 basis points 

1.54 

(0.55) 

0.99 

Up 50 basis points 

1.03 

(0.37) 

0.66 

Up 25 basis points 

0.51 

(0.18) 

0.33 

Down 25 basis points 

(0.51) 

0.18 

(0.33) 

Down 50 basis points 

(1.03) 

0.37 

(0.66) 

Down 75 basis points 

(1.54) 

0.55 

(0.99) 

Down 100 basis points 

(2.06) 

0.73 

(1.33) 

Down 200 basis points 

(4.11) 

1.46 

(2.65) 

Down 300 basis points 

(6.12) 

2.20 

(3.92) 

We may, in the future, hedge against interest rate fluctuations by using standard hedging instruments such as futures, options and forward contracts subject to the requirements of the Investment Company Act, applicable CFTC regulations and in a manner consistent with SEC guidance. While hedging activities may insulate us against adverse changes in interest rates, they may also limit our ability to participate in benefits of lower interest rates with respect to our portfolio of investments with fixed interest rates. 
 
 77 
 
 Table of Contents 
 ITEM 8. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 GOLDMAN SACHS MIDDLE MARKET LENDING CORP. II 
 INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

INDEX 
 PAGE 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 79 

Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities 
 80 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 81 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets 
 82 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 83 

Consolidated Schedules of Investments 
 84 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 90 

78 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Goldman Sachs Middle Market Lending Corp. II 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of assets and liabilities, including the consolidated schedules of investments, of Goldman Sachs Middle Market Lending Corp. II and its subsidiary (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in net assets and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from October 29, 2021 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2021, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations, changes in its net assets and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from October 29, 2021 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2021 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits of these consolidated financial statements in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our procedures included confirmation of securities owned as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 by correspondence with the agent banks, portfolio company investees, and transfer agent; when replies were not received, we performed other auditing procedures. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ 
 
 March 2, 2023 
 
 We have served as the auditor of one or more investment companies in the following group of business development companies since 2012 Goldman Sachs Middle Market Lending Corp. II, 
 Goldman Sachs BDC, Inc., 
 Goldman Sachs Private Middle Market Credit LLC, 
 Goldman Sachs Private Middle Market Credit II LLC, and 
 Phillip Street Middle Market Lending Fund LLC 

79 
 
 Table of Contents 
 PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 Goldman Sachs Middle Market Lending Corp. II 
 Consolidated Statements of A ssets and Liabilities 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

December 31, 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Assets 

Investments, at fair value 

Non-controlled/non-affiliated investments (cost of 247,053 and 29,385) 

245,817 

29,610 

Non-controlled affiliated investments (cost of 3,785 and 

3,843 

Total investments, at fair value (cost of 250,838 and 29,385) 

249,660 

29,610 

Investments in affiliated money market fund (cost of and 23,067) 

23,067 

Cash 

3,675 

13,564 

Interest and dividends receivable 

2,332 

55 

Deferred financing costs 

484 

423 

Deferred offering costs 

447 

Other assets 

460 

Total assets 

256,151 

67,626 

Liabilities 

Debt 

79,443 

40,030 

Interest and other debt expenses payable 

399 

37 

Management fees payable 

393 

Incentive fees payable 

31 

Distribution payable 

3,574 

Accrued expenses and other liabilities 

686 

600 

Total liabilities 

84,495 

40,698 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 7) 

Net assets 

Preferred stock, par value 0.001 per share (1,000,000 shares authorized and no shares issued and outstanding) 

Common stock, par value 0.001 per share (200,000,000 shares authorized, 9,405,496 and 1,437,574 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021) 

9 

1 

Paid-in capital in excess of par 

173,555 

27,219 

Distributable earnings (loss) 

(1,908) 

(292) 

Total net assets 

171,656 

26,928 

Total liabilities and net assets 

256,151 

67,626 

Net asset value per share 

18.25 

18.73 

The accompanying notes are part of these consolidated financial statements. 

80 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Goldman Sachs Middle Market Lending Corp. II 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

For the year ended December 31, 

For the period from October 29, 2021 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Investment income: 

From non-controlled/non-affiliated investments: 

Interest income 

9,361 

101 

Payment-in-kind income 

564 

9 

Other income 

253 

4 

From non-controlled affiliated investments: 

Interest income 

167 

Dividend income 

47 

Other income 

7 

Total investment income 

10,399 

114 

Expenses: 

Interest and other debt expenses 

2,412 

59 

Management fees 

824 

12 

Incentive fees 

(31) 

31 

Professional fees 

957 

325 

Offering costs 

856 

95 

Directors and officers liability insurance 

570 

148 

Directors fees 

495 

453 

Organization costs 

12 

479 

Other general and administrative expenses 

884 

92 

Total expenses 

6,979 

1,694 

Management fee waiver 

(193) 

(12) 

Net expenses 

6,786 

1,682 

Net investment income (loss) 

3,613 

(1,568) 

Net realized and unrealized gains (losses): 

Net realized gain (loss) from: 

Foreign currency transactions 

(39) 

28 

Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) from: 

Non-controlled/non-affiliated investments 

(1,461) 

225 

Non-controlled affiliated investments 

58 

Foreign currency translations 

(243) 

(43) 

Net realized and unrealized gains (losses) 

(1,685) 

210 

(Provision) benefit for taxes on unrealized appreciation/depreciation on investments 

(5) 

Net increase (decrease) in net assets from operations 

1,923 

(1,358) 

Weighted average shares outstanding 

4,489,749 

667,932 

Net investment income (loss) per share (basic and diluted) 

0.80 

(2.35) 

Earnings (loss) per share (basic and diluted) 

0.43 

(2.03) 

The accompanying notes are part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 81 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Goldman Sachs Middle Market Lending Corp. II 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets 
 (in thousands, except per share amounts) 

For the year ended December 31, 

For the period from October 29, 2021 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Net assets at beginning of period 

26,928 

Increase (decrease) in net assets from operations: 

Net investment income (loss) 

3,613 

(1,568) 

Net realized gain (loss) 

(39) 

28 

Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) 

(1,646) 

182 

(Provision) benefit for unrealized appreciation/depreciation on investments 

(5) 

Net increase (decrease) in net assets from operations 

1,923 

(1,358) 

Distributions to stockholders from: 

Distributable earnings 

(4,374) 

Total distributions to stockholders 

(4,374) 

Capital transactions: 

Issuance of common shares 

147,179 

28,286 

Net increase in net assets from capital transactions 

147,179 

28,286 

Total increase in net assets 

144,728 

26,928 

Net assets at end of period 

171,656 

26,928 

Distributions per share 

0.52 

The accompanying notes are part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 82 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Goldman Sachs Middle Market Lending Corp. II 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (in thousands, except shares and per share amounts) 

For the year ended December 31, 

For the period from October 29, 2021 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net increase (decrease) in net assets from operations: 

1,923 

(1,358) 

Adjustments to reconcile net increase (decrease) in net assets from operations to net cash provided by (used for) operating activities: 

Purchases of investments 

(228,240) 

(29,386) 

Payment-in-kind interest capitalized 

(459) 

(8) 

Investments in affiliated money market fund, net 

23,067 

(23,067) 

Proceeds from sales of investments and principal repayments 

7,602 

17 

Net change in unrealized (appreciation) depreciation on investments 

1,403 

(225) 

Net change in unrealized (appreciation) depreciation on foreign currency translation 

(2) 

(2) 

Amortization of premium and accretion of discount, net 

(356) 

(8) 

Amortization of deferred financing costs 

398 

22 

Amortization of deferred offering costs 

856 

95 

Change in operating assets and liabilities: 

(Increase) decrease in interest and dividends receivable 

(2,277) 

(55) 

(Increase) decrease in other assets 

460 

(460) 

Increase (decrease) in interest and other debt expenses payable 

343 

37 

Increase (decrease) in management fees payable 

393 

Increase (decrease) in incentive fees payable 

(31) 

31 

Increase (decrease) in directors fees payable 

Increase (decrease) in accrued expenses and other liabilities 

107 

505 

Net cash provided by (used for) operating activities 

(194,813) 

(53,862) 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from issuance of common stocks 

147,179 

28,286 

Offering costs paid 

(430) 

(447) 

Distributions paid 

(800) 

Financing costs paid 

(440) 

(445) 

Borrowings on debt 

164,413 

40,030 

Repayments of debt 

(125,000) 

Net cash provided by (used for) financing activities 

184,922 

67,424 

Net increase (decrease) in cash 

(9,891) 

13,562 

Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 

2 

2 

Cash, beginning of period 

13,564 

Cash, end of period 

3,675 

13,564 

Supplemental and non-cash activities 

Interest expense paid 

1,500 

3,508 

Accrued but unpaid distributions 

3,574 

The accompanying notes are part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 83 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Goldman Sachs Middle Market Lending Corp. II 
 Consolidated Schedule of Inves tments as of December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

Investment # 
 Industry 
 Interest Rate (+) 
 Reference Rate and Spread (+) 
 Maturity 
 Par/Shares (++) 
 
 Cost 
 
 Fair Value 
 
 Footnotes 

1st Lien/Senior Secured Debt - 139.64 

Admiral Buyer, Inc. (dba Fidelity Payment Services) 
 Diversified Financial Services 
 10.08 
 S + 5.50 
 05/08/28 
 
 7,661 

7,521 

7,508 
 
 (1) (2) 

Admiral Buyer, Inc. (dba Fidelity Payment Services) 
 Diversified Financial Services 
 
 S + 6.00 
 05/08/28 
 
 740 

(13) 
 
 (15) 
 (1) (2) (3) 

Admiral Buyer, Inc. (dba Fidelity Payment Services) 
 Diversified Financial Services 
 
 S + 6.00 
 05/08/28 
 
 2,070 

(19) 
 
 (41) 
 (1) (2) (3) 

Bigchange Group Limited 
 Software 
 9.43 
 SN + 6.00 
 12/23/26 
 
 GBP 1,400 

1,847 

1,654 
 
 (1) (2) (4) 

Bigchange Group Limited 
 Software 
 9.43 
 SN + 6.00 
 12/23/26 
 
 GBP 100 

58 

55 
 
 (1) (2) (3) (4) 

Bigchange Group Limited 
 Software 
 
 SN + 6.00 
 12/23/26 
 
 GBP 280 

(6) 
 
 (8) 
 (1) (2) (3) (4) 

BSI3 Menu Buyer, Inc (dba Kydia) 
 Diversified Financial Services 
 10.44 
 S + 6.00 
 01/25/28 
 
 6,228 

6,133 

5,979 
 
 (1) (2) 

BSI3 Menu Buyer, Inc (dba Kydia) 
 Diversified Financial Services 
 
 S + 6.00 
 01/25/28 
 
 249 

(4) 
 
 (10) 
 (1) (2) (3) 

Businessolver.com, Inc. 
 Health Care Technology 
 9.67 
 L + 5.50 
 12/01/27 
 
 2,162 

2,144 

2,141 
 
 (1) (2) 

Businessolver.com, Inc. 
 Health Care Technology 
 9.88 
 L + 5.50 
 12/01/27 
 
 586 

47 

44 
 
 (1) (2) (3) 

Checkmate Finance Merger Sub, LLC 
 Entertainment 
 11.23 
 L + 6.50 
 12/31/27 
 
 3,639 

3,575 

3,529 
 
 (1) (2) 

Checkmate Finance Merger Sub, LLC 
 Entertainment 
 
 L + 6.50 
 12/31/27 
 
 367 

(6) 
 
 (11) 
 (1) (2) (3) 

Clearcourse Partnership Acquireco Finance Limited 
 IT Services 
 10.69 
 SN + 7.25 (Incl. 0.75 PIK) 
 07/25/28 
 
 GBP 11,296 

13,280 

13,315 
 
 (1) (2) (4) 

Clearcourse Partnership Acquireco Finance Limited 
 IT Services 
 9.55 
 SN + 7.25 PIK 
 07/25/28 
 
 GBP 10,019 

3,914 

3,977 
 
 (1) (2) (3) (4) 

CloudBees, Inc. 
 Software 
 11.39 
 L + 7.00 (incl. 2.50 PIK) 
 11/24/26 
 
 3,352 

3,180 

3,293 
 
 (1) (2) 

CloudBees, Inc. 
 Software 
 11.39 
 L + 7.00 (incl. 2.50 PIK) 
 11/24/26 
 
 1,524 

1,357 

1,411 
 
 (1) (2) (3) 

Coding Solutions Acquisition, Inc. 
 Health Care Providers Services 
 9.82 
 S + 5.50 
 05/11/28 
 
 4,304 

4,224 

4,196 
 
 (1) (2) 

Coding Solutions Acquisition, Inc. 
 Health Care Providers Services 
 9.82 
 S + 5.50 
 05/11/28 
 
 615 

112 

108 
 
 (1) (2) (3) 

Coding Solutions Acquisition, Inc. 
 Health Care Providers Services 
 
 S + 5.50 
 05/11/28 
 
 1,294 

(12) 
 
 (32) 
 (1) (2) (3) 

Computer Services, Inc. 
 Diversified Financial Services 
 11.15 
 S + 6.75 
 11/15/29 
 
 15,867 

15,396 

15,391 
 
 (1) 

Coretrust Purchasing Group LLC 
 Diversified Financial Services 
 10.84 
 S + 6.75 
 10/01/29 
 
 13,269 

12,881 

12,871 
 
 (1) (2) 

Coretrust Purchasing Group LLC 
 Diversified Financial Services 
 
 S + 6.75 
 10/01/29 
 
 1,932 

(28) 
 
 (58) 
 (1) (2) (3) 

Coretrust Purchasing Group LLC 
 Diversified Financial Services 
 
 S + 6.75 
 10/01/29 
 
 1,932 

(56) 
 
 (58) 
 (1) (2) (3) 

CST Buyer Company (dba Intoxalock) 
 Diversified Consumer Services 
 10.97 
 S + 6.75 
 11/01/28 
 
 6,765 

6,566 

6,562 
 
 (1) 

CST Buyer Company (dba Intoxalock) 
 Diversified Consumer Services 
 10.97 
 S + 6.75 
 11/01/28 
 
 638 

45 

45 
 
 (1) (3) 

DFS Holding Company, Inc. 
 Distributors 
 
 S + 7.00 
 01/31/29 
 
 5,394 

(1) (3) 

DFS Holding Company, Inc. 
 Distributors 
 
 S + 7.00 
 01/31/29 
 
 1,124 

(1) (3) 

DFS Holding Company, Inc. 
 Distributors 
 
 S + 7.00 
 01/31/29 
 
 787 

(1) (3) 

Governmentjobs.com, Inc. (dba NeoGov) 
 Software 
 9.88 
 L + 5.50 
 12/01/28 
 
 4,910 

4,899 

4,824 
 
 (1) (2) 

Governmentjobs.com, Inc. (dba NeoGov) 
 Software 
 
 L + 5.50 
 12/02/27 
 
 550 

(1) 
 
 (10) 
 (1) (2) (3) 

Governmentjobs.com, Inc. (dba NeoGov) 
 Software 
 
 L + 5.50 
 12/01/28 
 
 1,718 

(2) 
 
 (30) 
 (1) (2) (3) 

HealthEdge Software, Inc. 
 Health Care Technology 
 11.74 
 L + 7.00 
 04/09/26 
 
 4,100 

4,035 

4,008 
 
 (1) (2) 

HealthEdge Software, Inc. 
 Health Care Technology 
 11.74 
 L + 7.00 
 04/09/26 
 
 387 

387 

378 
 
 (1) (2) 

HealthEdge Software, Inc. 
 Health Care Technology 
 
 L + 7.00 
 04/09/26 
 
 400 

(6) 
 
 (9) 
 (1) (2) (3) 

HealthEdge Software, Inc. 
 Health Care Technology 
 
 L + 7.00 
 04/09/26 
 
 1,100 

(8) 
 
 (25) 
 (1) (2) (3) 

HealthEdge Software, Inc. 
 Health Care Technology 
 
 L + 7.00 
 04/09/26 
 
 6,000 

(135) 
 (1) (2) (3) 

HumanState Limited (dba PayProp) 
 Diversified Consumer Services 
 9.43 
 SN + 6.00 
 11/23/28 
 
 GBP 15,000 

17,830 

17,862 
 
 (1) (4) 

HumanState Limited (dba PayProp) 
 Diversified Consumer Services 
 
 SN + 6.00 
 11/23/28 
 
 GBP 2,300 

(83) 
 
 (42) 
 (1) (3) (4) 

HumanState Limited (dba PayProp) 
 Diversified Consumer Services 
 
 SN + 6.00 
 11/23/28 
 
 GBP 6,460 

(173) 
 
 (59) 
 (1) (3) (4) 

iCIMS, Inc. 
 Professional Services 
 11.52 
 S + 7.25 (Incl. 3.88 PIK) 
 08/18/28 
 
 17,885 

17,587 

17,572 
 
 (1) (2) 

iCIMS, Inc. 
 Professional Services 
 
 S + 7.25 (Incl. 3.88 PIK) 
 08/18/28 
 
 1,703 

(28) 
 
 (30) 
 (1) (2) (3) 

iCIMS, Inc. 
 Professional Services 
 
 S + 7.25 
 08/18/28 
 
 4,751 

(83) 
 (1) (2) (3) 

Intelligent Medical Objects, Inc. 
 Health Care Technology 
 10.62 
 S + 6.00 
 05/11/29 
 
 3,616 

3,549 

3,544 
 
 (1) (2) 

Intelligent Medical Objects, Inc. 
 Health Care Technology 
 10.61 
 S + 6.00 
 05/11/28 
 
 400 

69 

68 
 
 (1) (2) (3) 

Intelligent Medical Objects, Inc. 
 Health Care Technology 
 
 S + 6.00 
 05/11/29 
 
 900 

(8) 
 
 (18) 
 (1) (2) (3) 

The accompanying notes are part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 84 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Goldman Sachs Middle Market Lending Corp. II 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments as of December 31, 2022 (continued) 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

Investment # 
 Industry 
 Interest Rate (+) 
 Reference Rate and Spread (+) 
 Maturity 
 Par/Shares (++) 
 
 Cost 
 
 Fair Value 
 
 Footnotes 

iWave Information Systems, Inc. 
 Software 
 11.22 
 S + 6.75 
 11/23/28 
 
 8,913 

8,693 

8,690 
 
 (1) (4) 

iWave Information Systems, Inc. 
 Software 
 
 S + 6.75 
 11/23/28 
 
 1,087 

(27) 
 
 (27) 
 (1) (3) (4) 

Kaseya Inc. 
 IT Services 
 10.33 
 S + 5.75 
 06/25/29 
 
 5,800 

5,718 

5,713 
 
 (1) (2) 

Kaseya Inc. 
 IT Services 
 
 S + 5.75 
 06/25/29 
 
 350 

(2) 
 
 (5) 
 (1) (2) (3) 

Kaseya Inc. 
 IT Services 
 
 S + 5.75 
 06/25/29 
 
 350 

(5) 
 
 (5) 
 (1) (2) (3) 

LCG Vardiman Black, LLC (dba Specialty Dental Brands) 
 Health Care Providers Services 
 11.22 
 S + 7.00 
 03/18/27 
 
 9,684 

8,450 

8,442 
 
 (1) (2) (3) 

MerchantWise Solutions, LLC (dba HungerRush) 
 Diversified Financial Services 
 9.31 
 S + 6.00 
 06/01/28 
 
 6,825 

6,699 

6,620 
 
 (1) (2) 

MerchantWise Solutions, LLC (dba HungerRush) 
 Diversified Financial Services 
 10.63 
 S + 6.00 
 06/01/28 
 
 1,714 

1,116 

1,106 
 
 (1) (2) (3) 

MerchantWise Solutions, LLC (dba HungerRush) 
 Diversified Financial Services 
 
 S + 6.00 
 06/01/28 
 
 857 

(16) 
 
 (26) 
 (1) (2) (3) 

Millstone Medical Outsourcing, LLC 
 Health Care Providers Services 
 10.87 
 S + 6.00 
 12/15/27 
 
 5,180 

5,026 

5,076 
 
 (1) (2) 

Millstone Medical Outsourcing, LLC 
 Health Care Providers Services 
 10.87 
 S + 6.00 
 12/15/27 
 
 1,196 

1,175 

1,172 
 
 (1) (2) 

Millstone Medical Outsourcing, LLC 
 Health Care Providers Services 
 12.5 
 P + 5.00 
 12/15/27 
 
 259 

47 

47 
 
 (1) (2) (3) 

NFM J, L.P. (dba the Facilities Group) 
 Professional Services 
 10.13 
 L + 5.75 
 11/30/27 
 
 1,993 

1,960 

1,934 
 
 (1) (2) 

NFM J, L.P. (dba the Facilities Group) 
 Professional Services 
 10.27 
 L + 5.75 
 11/30/27 
 
 2,024 

1,634 

1,606 
 
 (1) (2) (3) 

NFM J, L.P. (dba the Facilities Group) 
 Professional Services 
 
 L + 5.75 
 11/30/27 
 
 349 

(6) 
 
 (11) 
 (1) (2) (3) 

PDDS Holdco, Inc. (dba Planet DDS) 
 Health Care Technology 
 12.54 
 S + 7.50 
 07/18/28 
 
 7,810 

7,663 

7,654 
 
 (1) (2) 

PDDS Holdco, Inc. (dba Planet DDS) 
 Health Care Technology 
 12.54 
 S + 7.50 
 07/18/28 
 
 770 

763 

755 
 
 (1) (2) 

PDDS Holdco, Inc. (dba Planet DDS) 
 Health Care Technology 
 12.53 
 S + 7.50 
 07/18/28 
 
 880 

407 

389 
 
 (1) (2) (3) 

PDDS Holdco, Inc. (dba Planet DDS) 
 Health Care Technology 
 
 S + 6.75 
 07/18/28 
 
 605 

(11) 
 
 (12) 
 (1) (2) (3) 

PDDS Holdco, Inc. (dba Planet DDS) 
 Health Care Technology 
 
 S + 6.75 
 07/18/28 
 
 880 

(8) 
 
 (18) 
 (1) (2) (3) 

Qualawash Holdings, LLC 
 Commercial Services Supplies 
 9.44 
 L + 5.50 
 08/31/26 
 
 2,915 

2,877 

2,857 
 
 (1) (2) 

Qualawash Holdings, LLC 
 Commercial Services Supplies 
 9.89 
 L + 5.50 
 08/31/26 
 
 735 

598 

591 
 
 (1) (2) (3) 

Qualawash Holdings, LLC 
 Commercial Services Supplies 
 
 L + 5.50 
 08/31/26 
 
 736 

(9) 
 
 (15) 
 (1) (2) (3) 

Rubrik,Inc. 
 Software 
 10.75 
 S + 6.50 
 06/10/27 
 
 11,126 

10,923 

10,903 
 
 (1) (2) 

Rubrik,Inc. 
 Software 
 11.45 
 S + 7.00 
 06/10/27 
 
 1,272 

541 

515 
 
 (1) (2) (3) 

Southeast Mechanical, LLC (dba. SEM Holdings, LLC) 
 Diversified Consumer Services 
 10.44 
 S + 6.00 
 07/06/27 
 
 3,483 

3,418 

3,413 
 
 (1) (2) 

Southeast Mechanical, LLC (dba. SEM Holdings, LLC) 
 Diversified Consumer Services 
 
 S + 6.00 
 07/06/27 
 
 600 

(11) 
 
 (12) 
 (1) (2) (3) 

Southeast Mechanical, LLC (dba. SEM Holdings, LLC) 
 Diversified Consumer Services 
 
 S + 6.00 
 07/06/27 
 
 2,400 

(22) 
 
 (48) 
 (1) (2) (3) 

SpendMend, LLC 
 Health Care Providers Services 
 10.17 
 S + 5.75 
 03/01/28 
 
 3,472 

3,418 

3,386 
 
 (1) (2) 

SpendMend, LLC 
 Health Care Providers Services 
 10.17 
 S + 5.75 
 03/01/28 
 
 1,518 

595 

574 
 
 (1) (2) (3) 

SpendMend, LLC 
 Health Care Providers Services 
 10.17 
 S + 5.75 
 03/01/28 
 
 456 

54 

49 
 
 (1) (2) (3) 

Spotless Brands, LLC 
 Diversified Consumer Services 
 10.92 
 S + 6.50 
 07/25/28 
 
 10,725 

10,407 

10,403 
 
 (1) 

Spotless Brands, LLC 
 Diversified Consumer Services 
 
 S + 6.50 
 07/25/28 
 
 1,650 

(24) 
 
 (25) 
 (1) (3) 

Trader Corporation 
 Automobiles 
 11.40 
 C + 6.75 
 12/21/29 
 
 CAD 17,049 

12,319 

12,276 
 
 (1) (4) 

Trader Corporation 
 Automobiles 
 
 C + 6.75 
 12/22/28 
 
 CAD 1,279 

(15) 
 
 (24) 
 (1) (3) (4) 

WebPT, Inc. 
 Health Care Technology 
 10.98 
 L + 6.75 
 01/18/28 
 
 3,255 

3,213 

3,158 
 
 (1) (2) 

WebPT, Inc. 
 Health Care Technology 
 11.26 
 L + 6.75 
 01/18/28 
 
 278 

104 

99 
 
 (1) (2) (3) 

WebPT, Inc. 
 Health Care Technology 
 
 L + 6.75 
 01/18/28 
 
 278 

(2) 
 
 (8) 
 (1) (2) (3) 

Whitewater Holding Company LLC 
 Diversified Consumer Services 
 10.48 
 L + 5.75 
 12/21/27 
 
 2,025 

1,990 

1,969 
 
 (1) (2) 

Whitewater Holding Company LLC 
 Diversified Consumer Services 
 10.48 
 L + 5.75 
 12/21/27 
 
 680 

668 

661 
 
 (1) (2) 

Whitewater Holding Company LLC 
 Diversified Consumer Services 
 10.48 
 L + 5.75 
 12/21/27 
 
 676 

664 

657 
 
 (1) (2) 

Whitewater Holding Company LLC 
 Diversified Consumer Services 
 10.54 
 L + 6.00 
 12/21/27 
 
 6,200 

572 

511 
 
 (1) (2) (3) 

Whitewater Holding Company LLC 
 Diversified Consumer Services 
 10.50 
 L + 5.75 
 12/21/27 
 
 270 

90 

87 
 
 (1) (2) (3) 

Zarya Intermediate, LLC (dba iOFFICE) 
 Real Estate Mgmt. Development 
 10.90 
 S + 6.50 
 07/01/27 
 
 9,062 

9,062 

8,971 
 
 (1) (2) 

Zarya Intermediate, LLC (dba iOFFICE) 
 Real Estate Mgmt. Development 
 
 S + 6.50 
 07/01/27 
 
 938 

(9) 
 (1) (2) (3) 

Total 1st Lien/Senior Secured Debt 

240,889 

239,700 

The accompanying notes are part of these consolidated financial statements. 

85 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Goldman Sachs Middle Market Lending Corp. II 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments as of December 31, 2022 (continued) 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

Investment # 
 Industry 
 Interest Rate (+) 
 Reference Rate and Spread (+) 
 Maturity 
 Par/Shares (++) 
 
 Cost 
 
 Fair Value 
 
 Footnotes 

1st Lien/Last-Out Unitranche (5)- 3.67 

EDB Parent, LLC (dba Enterprise DB) 
 Software 
 11.58 
 S + 7.00 
 07/07/28 
 
 6,169 

6,012 

6,015 
 
 (1) (2) 

EDB Parent, LLC (dba Enterprise DB) 
 Software 
 11.58 
 S + 7.00 
 07/07/28 
 
 2,401 

340 

280 
 
 (1) (2) (3) 

Total 1st Lien/Last-Out Unitranche 

6,352 

6,295 

Investment # 
 Industry 
 Initial Acquisition Date (6) 
 Par/Shares (++) 
 
 Cost 
 
 Fair Value 
 
 Footnotes 

Preferred Stock - 1.65 

CloudBees, Inc. 
 Software 
 11/24/21 
 
 134,557 

1,505 

1,477 
 
 (1) (2) (7) 

Governmentjobs.com, Inc. (dba NeoGov) 
 Software 
 12/02/21 
 
 1,237 

1,206 

1,349 
 
 (1) (2) (7) 

Total Preferred Stock 

2,711 

2,826 

Common Stock - 0.45 

Southeast Mechanical, LLC (dba. SEM Holdings, LLC) 
 Diversified Consumer Services 
 07/06/22 
 
 400 

400 

490 
 
 (1) (2) (7) 

Whitewater Holding Company LLC 
 Diversified Consumer Services 
 12/21/21 
 
 2,700 

270 

278 
 
 (1) (2) (7) 

Total Common Stock 

670 

768 

Warrants - 0.04 

CloudBees, Inc. 
 Software 
 11/24/21 
 
 38,977 

216 

71 
 
 (1) (2) (7) 

Total Warrants 

216 

71 

Total Investments - 145.45 

250,838 

249,660 

The accompanying notes are part of these consolidated financial statements. 

86 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Goldman Sachs Middle Market Lending Corp. II 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments as of December 31, 2022 (continued) 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

(+) 
 Represents the actual interest rate for partially or fully funded debt in effect as of the reporting date. Certain investments are subject to an interest rate floor. Variable rate loans bear interest at a rate that may be determined by the larger of the floor or the reference to either LIBOR L ), SOFR including SOFR adjustment, if any, S ), SONIA SN ), CDOR( C or alternate base rate (commonly based on the U.S. Prime Rate P ), unless otherwise noted) at the borrower's option, which reset periodically based on the terms of the credit agreement. L and S loans are typically indexed to 12 month, 6 month, 3 month or 1 month L or S rates. As of December 31, 2022, rates for the 12 month, 6 month, 3 month and 1 month L are 5.48 , 5.14 , 4.77 and 4.39 , respectively. As of December 31, 2022, 1 month S was 4.06 , 3 month S was 3.62 , 3 month SN was 3.43 , 3 month C was 4.94 and P was 7.50 . For investments with multiple reference rates or alternate base rates, the interest rate shown is the weighted average interest rate in effect at December 31, 2022. 

(++) 
 Par amount is presented for debt investments, while the number of shares or units owned is presented for equity investments. Par amount is denominated in U.S. Dollars unless otherwise noted, Great British Pound GBP or Canadian dollar CAD ). 

# 
 Percentages are based on net assets. 

As defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), the investment is deemed to be an affiliated person of the Company because the Company owns, either directly or indirectly, 5 or more of the portfolio company s outstanding voting securities. See Note 3 Significant Agreements and Related Party Transactions . 

(1) 
 Represent co-investments made with in accordance with the terms of the exemptive relief received from the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. See Note 3 Significant Agreements and Related Party Transactions . 

(2) 
 The fair value of the investment was determined using significant unobservable inputs. See Note 5 Fair Value Measurement . 

(3) 
 Position or portion thereof is an unfunded loan commitment, and no interest is being earned on the unfunded portion. The unfunded loan commitment may be subject to a commitment termination date that may expire prior to the maturity date stated. The negative cost, if applicable, is the result of the capitalized discount being greater than the principal amount outstanding on the loan. The negative fair value, if applicable, is the result of the capitalized discount on the loan. See Note 7 Commitments and Contingencies . 

(4) 
 The investment is not a qualifying asset under Section 55(a) of the Investment Company Act. The Company may not acquire any non-qualifying asset unless, at the time of acquisition, qualifying assets represent at least 70 of the Company s total assets. As of December 31, 2022 the aggregate fair value of these securities is 57,669 or 22.51 of the Company s total assets. 

(5) 
 In exchange for the greater risk of loss, the last-out portion of the Company's unitranche loan investment generally earns a higher interest rate than the first-out portions. The first-out portion would generally receive priority with respect to payment of principal, interest and any other amounts due thereunder over the last-out portion. 

(6) 
 Securities exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, and may be deemed to be restricted securities . As of December 31, 2022, the aggregate fair value of these securities is 3,665 or 2.14 of the Company's net assets. The initial acquisition dates have been included for such securities. 

(7) 
 Non-income producing security. 

PIK - 
 Payment-In-Kind 

The accompanying notes are part of these consolidated financial statements. 

87 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Goldman Sachs Middle Market Lending Corp. II 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments as of December 31, 2021 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

Investment # 
 Industry 
 Interest Rate (+) 
 Reference Rate and Spread (+) 
 Floor (+) 
 Maturity 
 Par/Shares (++) 
 
 Cost 
 
 Fair Value 
 
 Footnotes 

1st Lien/Senior Secured Debt - 98.09 

Bigchange Group Limited 
 Software 
 7.00 
 S + 6.00 
 1.00 
 12/23/26 
 
 GBP 1,400 

1,841 

1,857 
 
 (1) (2) 

Bigchange Group Limited 
 Software 
 
 S + 6.00 
 1.00 
 12/23/26 
 
 GBP 100 

(1) (2) (3) 

Bigchange Group Limited 
 Software 
 
 S + 6.00 
 1.00 
 12/23/26 
 
 GBP 280 

(7) 
 
 (8) 
 (1) (2) (3) 

Businessolver.com, Inc. 
 Health Care Technology 
 6.50 
 L + 5.75 
 0.75 
 12/01/27 
 
 2,179 

2,157 

2,157 
 
 (1) 

Businessolver.com, Inc. 
 Health Care Technology 
 
 L + 5.75 
 0.75 
 12/01/27 
 
 587 

(3) 
 
 (3) 
 (1) (3) 

Checkmate Finance Merger Sub, LLC 
 Entertainment 
 7.50 
 L + 6.50 
 1.00 
 12/31/27 
 
 3,666 

3,593 

3,593 
 
 (1) 

Checkmate Finance Merger Sub, LLC 
 Entertainment 
 
 L + 6.50 
 1.00 
 12/31/27 
 
 367 

(7) 
 
 (7) 
 (1) (3) 

CloudBees, Inc. 
 Software 
 8.00 
 L + 7.00 (incl. 2.50 PIK) 
 1.00 
 11/24/26 
 
 3,268 

3,060 

3,203 
 
 (1) 

CloudBees, Inc. 
 Software 
 
 L + 7.00 (incl. 2.50 PIK) 
 1.00 
 11/24/26 
 
 1,510 

(67) 

(1) (3) 

Governmentjobs.com, Inc. (dba NeoGov) 
 Software 
 6.25 
 L + 5.50 
 0.75 
 12/01/28 
 
 4,947 

4,934 

4,934 
 
 (1) 

Governmentjobs.com, Inc. (dba NeoGov) 
 Software 
 
 L + 5.50 
 0.75 
 12/02/27 
 
 550 

(1) 
 
 (1) 
 (1) (3) 

Governmentjobs.com, Inc. (dba NeoGov) 
 Software 
 
 L + 5.50 
 0.75 
 12/01/28 
 
 1,718 

(2) 
 
 (2) 
 (1) (3) 

HealthEdge Software, Inc. 
 Health Care Technology 
 7.25 
 L + 6.25 
 1.00 
 04/09/26 
 
 4,100 

4,019 

4,018 
 
 (1) 

HealthEdge Software, Inc. 
 Health Care Technology 
 
 L + 6.25 
 1.00 
 04/09/26 
 
 590 

(1) (3) 

HealthEdge Software, Inc. 
 Health Care Technology 
 
 L + 6.25 
 1.00 
 04/09/26 
 
 400 

(8) 
 
 (8) 
 (1) (3) 

HealthEdge Software, Inc. 
 Health Care Technology 
 
 L + 6.25 
 1.00 
 04/09/26 
 
 1,100 

(11) 
 
 (11) 
 (1) (3) 

Millstone Medical Outsourcing, LLC 
 Health Care Providers Services 
 6.50 
 L + 5.50 
 1.00 
 12/15/27 
 
 1,208 

1,184 

1,184 
 
 (1) 

Millstone Medical Outsourcing, LLC 
 Health Care Providers Services 
 6.50 
 L + 5.50 
 1.00 
 12/15/27 
 
 259 

3 

4 
 
 (1) (3) 

NFM J, L.P. (dba the Facilities Group) 
 Professional Services 
 6.75 
 L + 5.75 
 1.00 
 11/30/27 
 
 2,014 

1,974 

1,973 
 
 (1) 

NFM J, L.P. (dba the Facilities Group) 
 Professional Services 
 6.75 
 L + 5.75 
 1.00 
 11/30/27 
 
 2,037 

988 

998 
 
 (1) (3) 

NFM J, L.P. (dba the Facilities Group) 
 Professional Services 
 6.75 
 L + 5.75 
 1.00 
 11/30/27 
 
 349 

51 

51 
 
 (1) (3) 

WebPT, Inc. 
 Health Care Technology 
 
 L + 6.75 
 1.00 
 08/28/24 
 
 3,255 

(1) (3) 

WebPT, Inc. 
 Health Care Technology 
 
 L + 6.75 
 1.00 
 08/28/24 
 
 278 

(1) (3) 

WebPT, Inc. 
 Health Care Technology 
 
 L + 6.75 
 1.00 
 08/28/24 
 
 278 

(1) (3) 

WhiteWater Holding Company LLC 
 Diversified Consumer Services 
 6.50 
 L + 5.75 
 0.75 
 12/21/27 
 
 2,045 

2,004 

2,004 
 
 (1) 

WhiteWater Holding Company LLC 
 Diversified Consumer Services 
 6.50 
 L + 5.75 
 0.75 
 12/21/27 
 
 682 

498 

496 
 
 (1) (3) 

WhiteWater Holding Company LLC 
 Diversified Consumer Services 
 
 L + 5.75 
 0.75 
 12/21/27 
 
 270 

(5) 
 
 (5) 
 (1) (3) 

WhiteWater Holding Company LLC 
 Diversified Consumer Services 
 
 L + 5.75 
 0.75 
 12/21/27 
 
 682 

(7) 
 
 (14) 
 (1) (3) 

Total 1st Lien/Senior Secured Debt 

26,188 

26,413 

Investment # 
 Industry 
 Initial Acquisition Date (4) 
 Par/Shares (++) 
 
 Cost 
 
 Fair Value 
 
 Footnotes 

Preferred Stock - 10.07 

CloudBees, Inc. 
 Software 
 11/24/21 
 
 134,557 

1,505 

1,505 
 
 (1) (5) 

Governmentjobs.com, Inc. (dba NeoGov) 
 Software 
 12/02/21 
 
 1,237 

1,206 

1,206 
 
 (1) (5) 

Total Preferred Stock 

2,711 

2,711 

Common Stock - 1.00 

WhiteWater Holding Company LLC 
 Diversified Consumer Services 
 12/21/21 
 
 2,700 

270 

270 
 
 (1) (5) 

Total Common Stock 

270 

270 

Warrants - 0.80 

CloudBees, Inc. 
 Software 
 11/24/21 
 
 38,977 

216 

216 
 
 (1) (5) (6) 

Total Warrants 

216 

216 

Investments in Affiliated Money Market Fund - 85.66 

Goldman Sachs Financial Square Government Fund - Institutional Shares 

23,066,630 

23,067 

23,067 
 
 (7) 

Total Investments in Affiliated Money Market Fund 

23,067 

23,067 

Total Investments - 195.62 

52,452 

52,677 

The accompanying notes are part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 88 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Goldman Sachs Middle Market Lending Corp. II 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments as of December 31, 2021 (continued) 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

(+) 
 Represents the actual interest rate for partially or fully funded debt in effect as of the reporting date. Variable rate loans bear interest at a rate that may be determined by the larger of the floor or the reference to either LIBOR L ), SOFR S or alternate base rate (commonly based on the U.S. Prime Rate P ), unless otherwise noted) at the borrower s option, which reset periodically based on the terms of the credit agreement. L and S loans are typically indexed to 12 month, 6 month, 3 month, 2 month, 1 month or 1 week L or S rates. As of December 31, 2021, rates for the 12 month, 6 month, 3 month, 2 month, 1 month and 1 week L are 0.58 , 0.34 , 0.21 , 0.15 , 0.10 and 0.08 , respectively. As of December 31, 2021, 3 month S was 0.05 , and P was 3.25 . For investments with multiple reference rates or alternate base rates, the interest rate shown is the weighted average interest rate in effect at December 31, 2021. 

(++) 
 Par amount is presented for debt investments, while the number of shares or units owned is presented for equity investments. Par amount is denominated in U.S. Dollars unless otherwise noted, or Great British Pounds GBP ). 

# 
 Percentages are based on net assets. 

The investment is otherwise deemed to be an affiliated person of the Company. See Note 3 Significant Agreements and Related Party Transactions. 

(1) 
 Represent co-investments made with in accordance with the terms of the exemptive relief received from the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. See Note 3 Significant Agreements and Related Party Transactions. 

(2) 
 The investment is not a qualifying asset under Section 55(a) of the Investment Company Act. The Company may not acquire any non-qualifying asset unless, at the time of acquisition, qualifying assets represent at least 70 of the Company s total assets. As of December 31, 2021, the aggregate fair value of these securities is 1,849 or 2.73 of the Company s total assets. 

(3) 
 Position or portion thereof is an unfunded loan commitment, and no interest is being earned on the unfunded portion. The unfunded loan commitment may be subject to a commitment termination date that may expire prior to the maturity date stated. The negative cost, if applicable, is the result of the capitalized discount being greater than the principal amount outstanding on the loan. The negative fair value, if applicable, is the result of the capitalized discount on the loan. See Note 7 Commitments and Contingencies. 

(4) 
 Securities exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, and may be deemed to be restricted securities. As of December 31, 2021, the aggregate fair value of these securities is 3,197 or 11.87 of the Company's net assets. The initial acquisition dates have been included for such securities. 

(5) 
 Non-income producing security. 

(6) 
 The fair value of the investment was determined using significant unobservable inputs. See Note 5 Fair Value Measurement. 

(7) 
 The annualized seven-day yield as of December 31, 2021 is 0.03 . 

PIK - 
 Payment-In-Kind 

The accompanying notes are part of these consolidated financial statements. 

89 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Goldman Sachs Middle Market Lending Corp. II 
 Notes to the Consolidated Fina ncial Statements 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 
 1.	ORGANIZATION 
 Goldman Sachs Middle Market Lending LLC II MMLC LLC II was formed on February 21, 2020. Effective November 23, 2021, MMLC LLC II converted from a Delaware limited liability company to a Delaware corporation named Goldman Sachs Middle Market Lending Corp. II (the Company , which term refers to either Goldman Sachs Middle Market Lending Corp. II or Goldman Sachs Middle Market Lending Corp. II together with its consolidated subsidiary, as the context may require), which, by operation of law, is deemed for purposes of Delaware law the same entity as MMLC LLC II. The Company commenced operations on October 29, 2021. On November 23, 2021, the Company's initial investors (other than the Initial Member (as defined below)) funded the initial portion of their capital commitment to purchase shares of common stock, at which time the Initial Member's initial capital contribution to MMLC LLC II was cancelled. The Company has elected to be regulated as a business development company BDC under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ). In addition, the Company has elected to be treated as a regulated investment company RIC under Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), commencing with its taxable year ended December 31, 2021. 
 The Company s investment objective is to generate current income and, to a lesser extent, capital appreciation primarily through direct originations of secured debt, including first lien debt, unitranche, including last-out portions of such loans, and second lien debt, and unsecured debt, including mezzanine debt, as well as through select equity investments. 
 Goldman Sachs Asset Management, L.P. GSAM ), a Delaware limited partnership and an affiliate of Goldman Sachs Co. LLC (including its predecessors, GS Co. ), is the investment adviser (the Investment Adviser of the Company. The term Goldman Sachs refers to The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. GS Group Inc. ), together with GS Co., GSAM and its other subsidiaries. 
 The Company is conducting an offering pursuant to which investors will make a capital commitment (a Commitment to purchase shares of the Company s common stock pursuant to a subscription agreement entered into with the Company pursuant to which the investor will agree to purchase common stock for an aggregate purchase price equal to its Commitment. Each investor will be required to purchase shares of the Company s common stock each time the Company delivers a drawdown notice at least five business days (measured from the date we send such notice by mail or electronically, as applicable, rather than the date such notice is received) prior to the required funding date (the Drawdown Date ). The offering and sale of common stock will be exempt from registration pursuant to Regulation D and Regulation S promulgated under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, for offers and sales of securities that do not involve a public offering and for offers and sale of securities outside of the United States. 
 GS Co. and Goldman Sachs International will assist the Company in conducting its private placement offering pursuant to agreements between the Company and each of GS Co. and Goldman Sachs International. 
 On October 4, 2021 Initial Closing Date ), the Company began accepting subscription agreements Subscription Agreements from investors acquiring shares of its common stock of the Company in the Company's private offering. Under the terms of the Subscription Agreements, investors are required to make capital contributions up to the undrawn amount of their capital commitment to purchase stock each time the Company delivers a drawdown notice. The final date on which the Company will accept Subscription Agreements will occur no later than twenty-four months following the Initial Closing Date (the Final Closing Date ), provided that the board of directors of the Company (the Board of Directors or Board may extend the Final Closing Date by up to an additional six month period in its discretion. 
 The investment period commenced on the Initial Closing Date and will continue until the third anniversary of the Final Closing Date, provided that it may be extended by the Board of Directors, in its discretion, for one additional twelve-month period, and, with the approval of a majority-in-interest of the stockholders, for up to one additional year thereafter (such period, including any extensions, the Investment Period ). In addition, the Board of Directors may terminate the Investment Period at any time in its discretion. 
 Following the end of the Investment Period, the Company will have the right to issue drawdowns only (i) to pay, and/or establish reserves for, actual or our anticipated expenses, liabilities, including the payment or repayment of indebtedness for borrowed money (including through the issuance of notes and other evidence of indebtedness), other indebtedness, financings or extensions of credit, or other obligations, contingent or otherwise, including the Management Fee (as defined below), whether incurred before or after the end of the Investment Period, (ii) to fulfill investment commitments made or approved by the BDC investment committee of GSAM s Private Credit (the BDC Investment Committee prior to the expiration of the Investment Period, (iii) to engage in hedging transactions, or (iv) to make additional investments in existing portfolio companies, which may include new financings of such portfolio companies (each, an Additional Investment (including transactions to hedge interest rate or currency risks related to an Additional Investment). 
 90 
 
 Table of Contents 
 The Company will continue to operate as a private reporting company, until the earlier of the following events, each referred to as an Exit Event : (i) any listing of the Company s shares of common stock on a national securities exchange (a listing ), including in connection with an initial public offering IPO ), (ii) merger with another entity, including an affiliated company, subject to any limitations under the Investment Company Act or (iii) the sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company. If the Company has not consummated an Exit Event by the sixth anniversary of the Final Closing Date, the Board of Directors (to the extent consistent with its fiduciary duties and subject to any necessary stockholder approvals and applicable requirements of the Investment Company Act and the Code) will meet to consider the Company s potential wind down and/or liquidation and dissolution. 
 An affiliate of the Investment Adviser made a capital commitment to the Company of 0.10 on October 29, 2021 and served as the Company s sole initial member (the Initial Member ). The Company cancelled the Initial Member s interest in the Company on November 23, 2021, the first date on which investors (other than the Initial Member) made their initial capital contribution to purchase shares of the Company s common stock (the Initial Drawdown Date ). 
 The Company has formed a wholly owned subsidiary, which is structured as Delaware limited liability company, to hold certain equity or equity-like investments in portfolio companies. 
 2.	SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
 Basis of Presentation 
 The Company s functional currency is U.S. dollars USD and these consolidated financial statements have been prepared in that currency. The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP and pursuant to Regulation S-X. This requires the Company to make certain estimates and assumptions that may affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. These consolidated financial statements reflect normal and recurring adjustments that in the opinion of the Company are necessary for the fair statement of the results for the period presented. Actual results may differ from the estimates and assumptions included in the consolidated financial statements. 
 As an investment company, the Company applies the accounting and reporting guidance in Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 946, Financial Services Investment Companies ASC 946 issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB ). 
 Basis of Consolidation 
 As provided under ASC 946, the Company will not consolidate its investment in a company other than an investment company subsidiary or a controlled operating company whose business consists of providing services to the Company. Accordingly, the Company consolidated the financial position and results of operations of its wholly owned subsidiary, MMLC II Blocker I, LLC. All significant intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 The Company records its investment transactions on a trade date basis, which is the date when the Company assumes the risks for gains and losses related to that instrument. Realized gains and losses are based on the specific identification method. 
 
 Interest income, adjusted for amortization of premium and accretion of discount, is recorded on an accrual basis. Discounts and premiums to par value on investments purchased are accreted and amortized, respectively, into interest income over the life of the respective investment using the effective interest method. Loan origination fees, original issue discount OID and market discounts or premiums are capitalized and amortized into interest income using the effective interest method or straight-line method, as applicable. Exit fees that are receivable upon repayment of a loan or debt security are amortized into interest income over the life of the respective investment. Upon prepayment of a loan or debt security, any prepayment premiums, unamortized upfront loan origination fees and unamortized discounts are recorded as interest income. 
 
 Fees received from portfolio companies (directors fees, consulting fees, administrative fees, tax advisory fees and other similar compensation) are paid to the Company, unless, to the extent required by applicable law or exemptive relief, if any, therefrom, the Company only receives its allocable portion of such fees when invested in the same portfolio company as another account managed by the Investment Adviser. 
 Dividend income on preferred equity investments is recorded on an accrual basis to the extent that such amounts are payable by the portfolio company and are expected to be collected. Dividend income on common equity investments is recorded on the record date for private portfolio companies and on the ex-dividend date for publicly traded portfolio companies. Interest and dividend income are presented net of withholding tax, if any. 
 91 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Certain investments may have contractual payment-in-kind PIK interest or dividends. PIK represents accrued interest or accumulated dividends that are added to the principal amount or shares (if equity) of the investment on the respective interest or dividend payment dates rather than being paid in cash and generally becomes due at maturity or upon the investment being called by the issuer. PIK is recorded as interest or dividend income, as applicable. If at any point the Company believes PIK is not expected to be realized, the investment generating PIK will be placed on non-accrual status. When a PIK investment is placed on non-accrual status, the accrued, uncapitalized interest or dividends are generally reversed through interest or dividend income, respectively. 
 Certain structuring fees, amendment fees, syndication fees and commitment fees are recorded as other income when earned. Administrative agent fees received by the Company are recorded as other income when the services are rendered over time. 
 Non-Accrual Investments 
 Investments are placed on non-accrual status when it is probable that principal, interest or dividends will not be collected according to contractual terms. Accrued interest or dividends generally are reversed when an investment is placed on non-accrual status. Interest or dividend payments received on non-accrual investments may be recognized as income or applied to principal depending upon management s judgment. Non-accrual investments are restored to accrual status when past due principal and interest or dividends are paid and, in management s judgment, principal and interest or dividend payments are likely to remain current. The Company may make exceptions to this treatment if an investment has sufficient collateral value and is in the process of collection. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company did not have any investments on non-accrual status. 
 Investments 
 The Company carries its investments in accordance with ASC Topic 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures ASC 820 ), issued by the FASB, which defines fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value and requires disclosures about fair value measurements. Fair value is generally based on quoted market prices provided by independent price sources. In the absence of quoted market prices, investments are measured at fair value as determined by the Investment Adviser, as the valuation designee Valuation Designee designated by the Board of Directors, pursuant to Rule 2a-5 under the Investment Company Act. 
 Due to the inherent uncertainties of valuation, certain estimated fair values may differ significantly from the values that would have been realized had a ready market for these investments existed, and these differences could be material. See Note 5 Fair Value Measurement. 
 The Company generally invests in illiquid securities, including debt and equity investments, of middle-market companies. The Board of Directors has designated to the Investment Adviser day-to-day responsibilities for implementing and maintaining internal controls and procedures related to the valuation of the Company s portfolio investments. Under valuation procedures approved by the Board of Directors and adopted by the Valuation Designee, market quotations are generally used to assess the value of the investments for which market quotations are readily available (as defined in Rule 2a-5). The Investment Adviser obtains these market quotations from independent pricing sources. If market quotations are not readily available, the Investment Adviser prices securities at the bid prices obtained from at least two brokers or dealers, if available; otherwise, the Investment Adviser obtains prices from a principal market maker or a primary market dealer. To assess the continuing appropriateness of pricing sources and methodologies, the Investment Adviser regularly performs price verification procedures and issues challenges as necessary to independent pricing sources or brokers, and any differences are reviewed in accordance with the valuation procedures. If the Valuation Designee believes any such market quotation does not reflect the fair value of an investment, it may independently value such investment in accordance with valuation procedures for investments for which market quotations are not readily available. 
 With respect to investments for which market quotations are not readily available, or for which market quotations are deemed not reflective of the fair value, the valuation procedures approved by the Board of Directors and adopted by the Valuation Designee, contemplate a multi-step valuation process conducted by the Investment Adviser each quarter and more frequently as needed. As the valuation designee, the Investment Adviser is primarily responsible for the valuation of the Company s assets, subject to the oversight of the Board of Directors, as described below: 
 (1) The quarterly valuation process begins with each portfolio company or investment being initially valued by the investment professionals of the Investment Adviser responsible for the valuation of the portfolio investment; 

(2) The Valuation Designee also engages independent valuation firms (the Independent Valuation Advisors to provide independent valuations of the investments for which market quotations are not readily available or are readily available but deemed not reflective of the fair value of an investment. The Independent Valuation Advisors independently value such investments using quantitative and qualitative information. The Independent Valuation Advisors also provide analyses to support their valuation methodology and calculations. The Independent Valuation Advisors provide an opinion on a final range of values on such investments to the Valuation Designee. The Independent Valuation Advisors define fair value in accordance with ASC 820 and utilize valuation approaches including the market approach, the income approach or both. A portion of the portfolio is reviewed on a quarterly basis, and all investments in the portfolio for which market quotations are not readily available, or are readily available, but deemed not reflective of the fair value of an investment, are reviewed at least annually by an Independent Valuation Advisor; 

92 
 
 Table of Contents 
 (3) The Independent Valuation Advisors preliminary valuations are reviewed by the Investment Adviser and the Valuation Oversight Group VOG ), a team that is part of the controllers group of Goldman Sachs. The Independent Valuation Advisors valuation ranges are compared to the Investment Adviser s valuations to ensure the Investment Adviser s valuations are reasonable. VOG presents the valuations to the Asset Management Private Investment Valuation and Side Pocket Working Group of the Asset Management Valuation Committee (the Asset Management Private Investment Valuation and Side Pocket Working Group ), which is comprised of a number of representatives from different functions and areas of expertise related to GSAM s business and controls who are independent of the investment decision making process; 

(4) The Asset Management Private Investment Valuation and Side Pocket Working Group reviews and preliminarily approves the fair valuations and makes fair valuation recommendations to the Asset Management Valuation Committee; 

(5) The Asset Management Valuation Committee reviews the valuation information provided by the Asset Management Private Investment Valuation and Side Pocket Working Group, the VOG, the investment professionals of the Investment Adviser responsible for valuations, and the Independent Valuation Advisors. The Asset Management Valuation Committee then assesses such valuation recommendations; and 

(6) Through the Asset Management Valuation Committee, the Valuation Designee discusses the valuations, provides written reports to the Board of Directors on at least a quarterly basis, and, within the meaning of the Investment Company Act, determines the fair value of the investments in good faith, based on the inputs of the Asset Management Valuation Committee, the Asset Management Private Investment Valuation and Side Pocket Working Group, the VOG, the investment professionals of the Investment Adviser responsible for valuations, and the Independent Valuation Advisors. 

Money Market Funds 
 Investments in money market funds are valued at net asset value NAV per share and are considered cash equivalents for the purposes of the management fee paid to the Investment Adviser. See Note 3 Significant Agreements and Related Party Transactions. 
 Cash 
 Cash consists of deposits held at a custodian bank. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company held an aggregate cash balance of 3,675 and 13,564. Foreign currency of 375 and 185 (acquisition cost of 371 and 183) is included in cash as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 Foreign Currency Translation 
 Amounts denominated in foreign currencies are translated into USD on the following basis: (i) investments and other assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated into USD based upon currency exchange rates effective on the last business day of the period; and (ii) purchases and sales of investments, borrowings and repayments of such borrowings, income, and expenses denominated in foreign currencies are translated into USD based upon currency exchange rates prevailing on the transaction dates. 
 The Company does not isolate the portion of the results of operations resulting from changes in foreign exchange rates on investments from fluctuations arising from changes in market prices of securities held. Such fluctuations are included within the net realized and unrealized gains or losses on investments. Fluctuations arising from the translation of non-investment assets and liabilities, if any, are included with the net change in unrealized gains (losses) on foreign currency translations in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 Foreign securities and currency translations may involve certain considerations and risks not typically associated with investing in U.S. companies and U.S. government securities. These risks include, but are not limited to, currency fluctuations and revaluations and future adverse political, social and economic developments, which could cause investments in foreign markets to be less liquid and prices more volatile than those of comparable U.S. companies or U.S. government securities. 
 Income Taxes 
 The Company recognizes tax positions in its consolidated financial statements only when it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination by the relevant taxing authority based on the technical merits of the position. A position that meets this standard is measured at the largest amount of benefit that will more likely than not be realized upon settlement. The Company reports any interest expense related to income tax matters in income tax expense and any income tax penalties under expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 The Company s tax positions have been reviewed based on applicable statutes of limitation for tax assessments, which may vary by jurisdiction, and based on such review, the Company has concluded that no additional provision for income tax is required in the consolidated financial statements. The Company is subject to potential examination by certain taxing authorities in various jurisdictions. The Company s tax positions are subject to ongoing interpretation of laws and regulations by taxing authorities. 
 93 
 
 Table of Contents 
 The Company has elected to be treated as a RIC commencing with its taxable year ended December 31, 2021. So long as the Company maintains its qualification for tax treatment as a RIC, it will generally not be required to pay corporate-level U.S. federal income tax on any ordinary income or capital gains that it distributes at least annually to its stockholders as dividends. As a result, any U.S. federal income tax liability related to income earned and distributed by the Company represents obligations of the Company s stockholders and will not be reflected in the consolidated financial statements of the Company. 
 To maintain its tax treatment as a RIC, the Company must meet specified source-of-income and asset diversification requirements and timely distribute to its stockholders for each taxable year at least 90 of its investment company taxable income (generally, its net ordinary income plus the excess of its realized net short-term capital gains over realized net long-term capital losses, determined without regard to the dividends paid deduction). In order for the Company not to be subject to U.S. federal excise taxes, it must distribute annually an amount at least equal to the sum of (i) 98 of its net ordinary income (taking into account certain deferrals and elections) for the calendar year, (ii) 98.2 of its capital gains in excess of capital losses for the one-year period ending on October 31 of the calendar year, and (iii) any net ordinary income and capital gains in excess of capital losses for preceding years that were not distributed during such years. The Company, at its discretion, may carry forward taxable income in excess of calendar year dividends and pay a 4 nondeductible U.S. federal excise tax on this income. If the Company chooses to do so, this generally would increase expenses and reduce the amount available to be distributed to stockholders. The Company will accrue excise tax on estimated undistributed taxable income as required. 
 The Company s consolidated subsidiary is subject to U.S. federal and state corporate level income taxes. Income tax expense, if any, is included under the income category for which it applies in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 Distributions 
 Distributions from net investment income and net realized capital gains are determined in accordance with U.S. federal income tax regulations, which may differ from those amounts determined in accordance with GAAP. The Company may pay distributions in excess of its taxable net investment income. This excess would be a tax-free return of capital in the period and reduce a stockholder s tax basis in its shares. These book/tax differences are either temporary or permanent in nature. To the extent these differences are permanent they are charged or credited to paid-in capital in excess of par, accumulated undistributed net investment income or accumulated net realized gain (loss), as appropriate, in the period that the differences arise. Temporary and permanent differences are primarily attributable to differences in the tax treatment of certain loans and the tax characterization of income and non-deductible expenses. These differences are generally determined in conjunction with the preparation of the Company s annual RIC tax return. Distributions to common stockholders are recorded on the ex-dividend date. The amount to be paid out as a distribution is determined by the Board of Directors each quarter and is generally based upon the earnings estimated by the Investment Adviser. The Company may pay distributions to its stockholders in a year in excess of its net ordinary income and capital gains for that year and, accordingly, a portion of such distributions may constitute a return of capital for U.S. federal income tax purposes. The Company intends to timely distribute to its stockholders substantially all of its annual taxable income for each year, except that the Company may retain certain net capital gains for reinvestment and, depending upon the level of the Company s taxable income earned in a year, the Company may choose to carry forward taxable income for distribution in the following year and pay any applicable tax. The specific tax characteristics of the Company s distributions will be reported to stockholders after the end of the calendar year. All distributions will be subject to available funds, and no assurance can be given that the Company will be able to declare such distributions in future periods. 
 Deferred Financing Costs 
 Deferred financing costs consist of fees and expenses paid in connection with the closing of and amendments to the revolving credit facility with Bank of America, N.A (the BoA Revolving Credit Facility ). These costs are amortized using the straight-line method over the respective term of the BoA Revolving Credit Facility. Deferred financing costs related to the BoA Revolving Credit Facility are presented separately as an asset on the Company s Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities. 
 94 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Organization Costs 
 Organization costs include costs relating to the formation and organization of the Company. These costs are expensed as incurred. Upon the Initial Drawdown Date, stockholders bore such costs. Stockholders making capital commitments after the Initial Drawdown Date will bear a pro rata portion of such costs at the time of their first investment in the Company. 
 Offering Costs 
 Offering costs consist primarily of fees and expenses incurred in connection with the continuous offering of shares, including legal, printing and other costs, as well as costs associated with the preparation and filing of the Company s registration statement on Form 10. Offering costs are recognized as a deferred charge and are amortized on a straight line basis over 12 months beginning on the date of commencement of operations. 
 3.	SIGNIFICANT AGREEMENTS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 
 Investment Management Agreement 
 The Company entered into an investment management agreement effective as of November 1, 2021 (the Investment Management Agreement with the Investment Adviser, pursuant to which the Investment Adviser manages the Company s investment program and related activities. 
 Management Fee 
 The Company pays the Investment Adviser a management fee (the Management Fee ), accrued and payable quarterly in arrears. The Management Fee is equal to 0.1875 (i.e., an annual rate of 0.75 of the average of the values of the Company's gross assets (excluding cash and cash equivalents but including assets purchased with borrowed amounts) at the end of each of the two most recently completed calendar quarters. For the avoidance of doubt, the Management Fee for the Company's first quarter (i.e., the period beginning on the Initial Drawdown Date and ending on the last day of the quarter in which the Initial Drawdown Date occurred) will be equal to 0.1875 (i.e., an annual rate of 0.75 of the Company's average gross assets (excluding cash and cash equivalents but including assets purchased with borrowed amounts) at the end of such quarter. The Management Fee for any partial quarter will be appropriately prorated. The Investment Adviser waives a portion of its management fee payable by the Company in an amount equal to the management fees it earns as an investment adviser for any affiliated money market funds in which the Company invests. Following the occurrence (if any) of a listing, the Management Fee will be equal to 0.25 (i.e., an annual rate of 1.00 of the average of the values of the Company's average gross assets (excluding cash and cash equivalents but including assets purchased with borrowed amounts) at the end of each of the two most recently completed calendar quarters (and, in the case of the Company's first quarter-end following any listing, the Company's gross assets as of such quarter-end). 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from October 29, 2021 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2021, Management Fees amounted to 824 and 12 and the Investment Adviser waived 193 and 12. As of December 31, 2022, 393 remained payable. 
 Incentive Fee 
 Pursuant to the Investment Management Agreement, the Company pays to the Investment Adviser an Incentive Fee (the Incentive Fee as follows: 
 The Incentive Fee consists of two components that are determined independent of each other, with the result that one component may be payable even if the other is not. A portion of the Incentive Fee is based on income and a portion is based on capital gains, each as described below. 
 i. Quarterly Incentive Fee Based on Income 
 For the portion of the Incentive Fee based on income, the Company s Investment Adviser is entitled to receive the Incentive Fee based on Company income if the Company s Ordinary Income (as defined below) exceeds a quarterly hurdle rate (as defined below) of 1.75 . For this purpose, the hurdle is computed by reference to the Company s NAV and does not take into account any changes in the market price of the Company s common stock. The Incentive Fee based on income will be determined and paid quarterly in arrears at the end of each calendar quarter by reference to the Company s aggregate net investment income, as adjusted as described below, from the calendar quarter then ending and the eleven preceding calendar quarters or if shorter, the number of quarters that have occurred since the Initial Drawdown Date (in either case, the Trailing Twelve Quarters ). However, following the occurrence (if any) of a listing, the Trailing Twelve Quarters will be reset so as to include, as of the end of any quarter, the calendar quarter then ending and the eleven preceding calendar quarters (or if shorter, the number of quarters that have occurred since the listing, rather than the number of quarters that have occurred since the Initial Drawdown Date). 
 95 
 
 Table of Contents 
 The hurdle amount for the Incentive Fee based on income is determined on a quarterly basis, and is equal to 1.75 multiplied by the Company s NAV at the beginning of each applicable calendar quarter in the relevant Trailing Twelve Quarters. The hurdle amount is calculated after making appropriate adjustments for subscriptions (which shall include all issuances by the Company of shares of its common stock) and distributions that occurred during the relevant Trailing Twelve Quarters. The Incentive Fee for any partial period will be appropriately prorated. For the portion of the Incentive Fee based on income, the Company pays the Investment Adviser a quarterly Incentive Fee based on the amount by which (A) Ordinary Income in respect of the relevant Trailing Twelve Quarters exceeds (B) the hurdle amount for such Trailing Twelve Quarters. The amount of the excess of (A) over (B) described in this paragraph for such Trailing Twelve Quarters is referred to as the Excess Income Amount. 
 The Incentive Fee based on income for each quarter is determined as follows: 
 No Incentive Fee based on income is payable to the Investment Adviser for any calendar quarter for which there is no Excess Income Amount; 

100 of the Ordinary Income (as defined below), if any, that exceeds the hurdle amount, but is less than or equal to an amount, which we refer to as the Catch-up Amount, determined as the sum of 2.0588 (or 2.1875 in the event of a listing) multiplied by the Company s NAV at the beginning of each applicable calendar quarter included in the relevant Trailing Twelve Quarters is included in the calculation of the Incentive Fee based on income; and 

15 (which will be increased to 20 in the event of a listing, from the date of such listing) of the Ordinary Income that exceeds the Catch-up Amount is included in the calculation of the Incentive Fee based on income. 

The amount of the Incentive Fee based on income that will be paid to the Investment Adviser for a particular quarter will equal the excess of the Incentive Fee so calculated minus the aggregate Incentive Fees based on income that were paid in respect of the first eleven calendar quarters (or the portion thereof) included in the relevant Trailing Twelve Quarters but will not exceed the Incentive Fee Cap (as described below, and subject to the limitations set forth in Section 205(b)(3) of the Advisers Act). 
 The Incentive Fee based on income that is paid to the Investment Adviser for a particular quarter is subject to a cap (the Incentive Fee Cap ). The Incentive Fee Cap for any quarter is an amount equal to (a) 15 (which will be increased to 20 in the event of a listing, from the date of such listing) of the Cumulative Net Return (as defined below) during the relevant Trailing Twelve Quarters minus (b) the aggregate Incentive Fees based on income that were paid in respect of the first eleven calendar quarters (or the portion thereof) included in the relevant Trailing Twelve Quarters. 
 Ordinary Income means interest income, dividend income and any other income (including any accrued income that we have not yet received in cash and any other fees such as commitment, origination, structuring, diligence and consulting fees or other fees that we receive from portfolio companies) accrued during the calendar quarter minus our operating expenses accrued during the calendar quarter (including the Management Fee, administrative expenses and any interest expense and dividends paid on issued and outstanding preferred stock, but excluding the Incentive Fee). 
 Cumulative Net Return means (x) the Ordinary Income in respect of the relevant Trailing Twelve Quarters minus (y) any Net Capital Loss (as defined below), if any, in respect of the relevant Trailing Twelve Quarters. 
 If, in any quarter, the Incentive Fee Cap is zero or a negative value, the Company will pay no Incentive Fee based on income to the Investment Adviser for such quarter. If, in any quarter, the Incentive Fee Cap is a positive value but is less than the Incentive Fee based on income that is payable to the Investment Adviser for such quarter (before giving effect to the Incentive Fee Cap) calculated as described above, the Company will pay an Incentive Fee based on income to the Investment Adviser equal to the Incentive Fee Cap for such quarter. If, in any quarter, the Incentive Fee Cap for such quarter is equal to or greater than the Incentive Fee based on income that is payable to the Investment Adviser for such quarter (before giving effect to the Incentive Fee Cap) calculated as described above, the Company will pay an Incentive Fee based on income to the Investment Adviser equal to the Incentive Fee calculated as described above for such quarter without regard to the Incentive Fee Cap. In certain limited circumstances, an Incentive Fee based on income will be payable to the Investment Adviser although the net income for such quarter did not exceed the hurdle rate or the Incentive Fee will be higher than it would have been if calculated based on the Company s performance for the applicable quarter without taking into account the Trailing Twelve Quarters. 
 Net Capital Loss in respect of a particular period means the difference, if positive, between (i) aggregate capital losses, whether realized or unrealized, in such period and (ii) aggregate capital gains, whether realized or unrealized, in such period. 
 
 96 
 
 Table of Contents 
 ii. Annual Incentive Fee Based on Capital Gains 
 The portion of Incentive Fee based on capital gains is determined and paid annually in arrears at the end of each calendar year or, in the event of a listing, the date on which such event occurs. At the end of each calendar year (or the occurrence of a listing), the Company will pay the Investment Adviser an Incentive Fee equal to (A) 15 (which will be increased to 20 in the event of a listing, from the date of such listing) of the difference, if positive, of the sum of the Company s aggregate realized capital gains, if any, computed net of the Company s aggregate realized capital losses, if any, and the Company s aggregate unrealized capital depreciation, in each case from the Initial Drawdown Date (or, following the occurrence (if any) of a listing, from the date on which such event occurs) until the end of such calendar year or listing, as applicable, minus (B) the cumulative amount of Incentive Fees based on capital gains previously paid to the Investment Adviser from the Initial Drawdown Date (or, following the occurrence (if any) of a listing, from the date on which such event occurs) through the end of such calendar year or listing, as applicable. For the avoidance of doubt, unrealized capital appreciation is excluded from the calculation in clause (A), above. 
 The Company accrues, but does not pay, a portion of the Incentive Fee based on capital gains with respect to net unrealized appreciation. Under GAAP, the Company is required to accrue an Incentive Fee based on capital gains that includes net realized capital gains and losses and net unrealized capital appreciation and depreciation on investments held at the end of each period. In calculating the accrual for the Incentive Fee based on capital gains, the Company considers the cumulative aggregate unrealized capital appreciation in the calculation, since an Incentive Fee based on capital gains would be payable if such unrealized capital appreciation were realized, even though such unrealized capital appreciation is not permitted to be considered in calculating the fee actually payable under the Investment Management Agreement. This accrual is calculated using the aggregate cumulative realized capital gains and losses and aggregate cumulative unrealized capital appreciation or depreciation. If such amount is positive at the end of a period, then the Company records a capital gains incentive fee equal to 15 (which will be increased to 20 in the event of a listing, from the date of such listing) of such amount, minus the aggregate amount of actual Incentive Fees based on capital gains paid in all prior periods (or, following the occurrence (if any) of a listing, in all prior periods beginning with the date on which such event occurs). If such amount is negative, then there is no accrual for such period. There can be no assurance that such unrealized capital appreciation will be realized in the future. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from October 29, 2021 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2021, Incentive Fees based on income amounted to 0 and 0. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from October 29, 2021 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2021, the Company accrued Incentive Fees based on capital gains under GAAP of (31) and 31, which was not realized. 
 Administration and Custodian Fees 
 The Company has entered into an administration agreement with State Street Bank and Trust Company (the Administrator under which the Administrator provides various accounting and administrative services to the Company. The Company pays the Administrator fees for its services as it determines are commercially reasonable in its sole discretion. The Company also reimburses the Administrator for all reasonable expenses. To the extent that the Administrator outsources any of its functions, the Administrator pays any compensation associated with such functions. The Administrator also serves as the Company s custodian (the Custodian ). 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from October 29, 2021 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2021, the Company incurred expenses for services provided by the Administrator and the Custodian of 310 and 48. As of December 31, 2022, 85 remained payable. 
 Transfer Agent Fees 
 The Company has entered into a transfer agency agreement (the Transfer Agency Agreement ), with GS Co. pursuant to which GS Co. serves as the Company s transfer agent Transfer Agent ), registrar and disbursing agent. The Company pays the Transfer Agent fees at an annual rate of 0.15 of the average of the NAV of the Company at the end of the then-current quarter and the prior calendar quarter (and, in the case of the Company s first quarter, the Company s NAV as of such quarter-end). 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from October 29, 2021 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2021, the Company incurred expenses for services provided by the Transfer Agent of 126 and 7. As of December 31, 2022, 54 remained payable. 
 97 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Affiliates 
 The table below presents the Company s affiliated investments: 

Beginning Fair Value Balance 

Gross Additions (1) 

Gross Reductions (2) 

Net Realized Gain (Loss) 

Net Change in Unrealized Appreciation (Depreciation) 

Ending Fair Value Balance 

Dividend, Interest and Other Income 

For the year ended December 31, 2022 

Non-Controlled Affiliates 

Goldman Sachs Financial Square Government Fund 

23,067 

135,038 

(158,105) 

47 

Southeast Mechanical, LLC (dba. SEM Holdings, LLC) 

3,803 

(18) 

58 

3,843 

174 

Total Non-Controlled Affiliates 

23,067 

138,841 

(158,123) 

58 

3,843 

221 

For the period from October 29, 2021 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2021 

Non-Controlled Affiliates 

Goldman Sachs Financial Square Government Fund 

33,387 

(10,320) 

23,067 

Total Non-Controlled Affiliates 

33,387 

(10,320) 

23,067 

(1) Gross additions may include increases in the cost basis of investments resulting from new portfolio investments, PIK, the accretion of discounts, the exchange of one or more existing securities for one or more new securities and the movement of an existing portfolio company into this category from a different category. 

(2) Gross reductions may include decreases in the cost basis of investments resulting from principal collections related to investment repayments or sales, the exchange of one or more existing securities for one or more new securities and the movement of an existing portfolio company out of this category into a different category. 

Due to Affiliates 
 
 The Investment Adviser pays certain general and administrative expenses, including legal expenses, on behalf of the Company in the ordinary course of business. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there were 335 and 340, respectively, included within accrued expenses and other liabilities, and 19 and 0, respectively, included within interest and other debt expenses payable that were paid by the Investment Adviser and its affiliates on behalf of the Company. 
 
 Co-investment Activity 
 In certain circumstances, the Company can make negotiated co-investments pursuant to an order from the SEC permitting it to do so. On November 16, 2022, the SEC granted to the Investment Adviser, the BDCs advised by the Investment Adviser and certain other affiliated applicants exemptive relief on which the Company expects to rely to co-invest alongside certain other client accounts managed by the Investment Adviser (collectively with the Company, the Accounts ), which may include proprietary accounts of Goldman Sachs, in a manner consistent with the Company's investment objectives and strategies, certain Board-established criteria, the conditions of such exemptive relief and other pertinent factors (the Relief ). Additionally, if the Investment Adviser forms other funds in the future, the Company may co-invest alongside such other affiliates, subject to compliance with the Relief, applicable regulations and regulatory guidance, as well as applicable allocation procedures. As a result of the Relief, there could be significant overlap in the Company s investment portfolio and the investment portfolios of other Accounts, including, in some cases, proprietary accounts of Goldman Sachs. 
 
 The Goldman Sachs Asset Management Private Credit Team is composed of investment professionals dedicated to the Company s investment strategy and to other funds that share a similar investment strategy with the Company. The Goldman Sachs Asset Management Private Credit Team is responsible for identifying investment opportunities, conducting research and due diligence on prospective investments, negotiating and structuring the Company s investments, and monitoring and servicing the Company s investments. The team works together with investment professionals who are primarily focused on investment strategies in syndicated, liquid credit. Under the terms of the Relief a required majority (as defined in Section 57(o) of the Investment Company Act) of the Company s independent directors must make certain conclusions in connection with a co-investment transaction, including that (1) the terms of the proposed transaction are reasonable and fair to the Company and the Company s stockholders and do not involve overreaching in respect of the Company or its stockholders on the part of any person concerned, and (2) the transaction is consistent with the interests of the Company s stockholders and is consistent with the then-current investment objectives and strategies of the Company. 
 
 In addition, the Company has filed an application to amend the Relief to permit the Company to participate in follow-on investments in the Company's existing portfolio companies with certain affiliates covered by the Relief if such affiliates, that are not BDCs or registered investment companies, did not have an investment in such existing portfolio company. There can be no assurance if and when the Company will receive the amended exemptive order. 
 
 98 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Placement Agent Agreement 
 The Company has entered into an agreement with each of Goldman, Sachs Co. LLC and Goldman Sachs International pursuant to which Goldman, Sachs Co. LLC and Goldman Sachs International will assist the Company in conducting private placement offerings. Goldman, Sachs Co. LLC and Goldman Sachs International have entered into or will enter into sub-placement agreements (together with the agreements with Goldman Sachs Co. LLC and Goldman Sachs International, the Placement Agent Agreements with various sub-placement agents to assist in conducting the private placement offering. The placement agents are not expected to be compensated by the Company for their services, but may charge investors a placement fee with respect to their investments in the Company. The placement agents may also be compensated by the Investment Adviser, in its discretion, for certain services including promotional and marketing support, stockholder servicing, operational and recordkeeping, sub-accounting, networking or administrative services. These payments are made out of the Investment Adviser s own resources and/or assets, including from the revenues or profits derived from the advisory fees the Investment Adviser receives from the Company. 
 
 4.	INVESTMENTS 
 The Company s investments (excluding investments in money market funds, if any) consisted of the following: 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Investment Type 
 
 Cost 

Fair Value 

Cost 

Fair Value 

1st Lien/Senior Secured Debt 

240,889 

239,700 

26,188 

26,413 

1st Lien/Last-Out Unitranche 

6,352 

6,295 

Preferred Stock 

2,711 

2,826 

2,711 

2,711 

Common Stock 

670 

768 

270 

270 

Warrants 

216 

71 

216 

216 

Total investments 

250,838 

249,660 

29,385 

29,610 

The industry composition of the Company s investments at fair value and net assets was as follows: 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Industry 
 
 Fair Value 

Net Assets 

Fair Value 

Net Assets 

Diversified Financial Services 

19.7 

28.7 

0.0 

0.0 

Diversified Consumer Services 

17.1 

24.9 

9.3 

10.2 

Software 

16.2 

23.6 

43.6 

48.0 

Health Care Providers Services 

9.2 

13.4 

4.0 

4.4 

IT Services 

9.2 

13.4 

Health Care Technology 

8.9 

12.8 

20.8 

22.9 

Professional Services 

8.4 

12.2 

10.2 

11.2 

Automobiles 

4.9 

7.1 

Real Estate Mgmt. Development 

3.6 

5.2 

Entertainment 

1.4 

2.1 

12.1 

13.3 

Commercial Services Supplies 

1.4 

2.0 

Distributors 

Total 

100.0 

145.4 

100.0 

110.0 

The geographic composition of the Company s investments at fair value was as follows: 

Geographic 
 
 December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

United States 

80.4 

93.8 

United Kingdom 

14.7 

6.2 

Canada 

4.9 

Total 

100.0 

100.0 

5.	FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT 
 The fair value of a financial instrument is the amount that would be received to sell an asset or would be paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date (i.e., the exit price). 
 The fair value hierarchy under ASC 820 prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1 measurements) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3 measurements). The levels used for classifying investments are not necessarily an indication of the risk associated with investing in these securities. The three levels of the fair value hierarchy are as follows: 
 Basis of Fair Value Measurement 
 Level 1 Inputs to the valuation methodology are quoted prices available in active markets for identical instruments as of the reporting date. The types of financial instruments included in Level 1 include unrestricted securities, including equities and derivatives, listed in active markets. 
 99 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Level 2 Inputs to the valuation methodology are other than quoted prices in active markets, which are either directly or indirectly observable as of the reporting date. The types of financial instruments in this category include less liquid and restricted securities listed in active markets, securities traded in other than active markets, government and agency securities and certain over-the-counter derivatives where the fair value is based on observable inputs. 
 Level 3 Inputs to the valuation methodology are unobservable and significant to overall fair value measurement. The inputs into the determination of fair value require significant management judgment or estimation. Financial instruments that are included in this category include investments in privately held entities and certain over-the-counter derivatives where the fair value is based on unobservable inputs. 
 A financial instrument s level within the fair value hierarchy is based on the lowest level of any input that is significant to the fair value measurement. Note 2 Significant Accounting Policies should be read in conjunction with the information outlined below. 
 The table below presents the valuation techniques and the nature of significant inputs generally used in determining the fair value of Level 2 and Level 3 Instruments. 

Level 2 Instruments 
 Valuation Techniques and Significant Inputs 

Equity and Fixed Income 
 The types of instruments that trade in markets that are not considered to be active but are valued based on quoted market prices, broker or dealer quotations or alternative pricing sources with reasonable levels of price transparency include commercial paper, most government agency obligations, most corporate debt securities, certain mortgage-backed securities, certain bank loans, less liquid publicly listed equities, certain state and municipal obligations, certain money market instruments and certain loan commitments. Valuations of Level 2 Equity and Fixed Income instruments can be verified to quoted prices, broker or dealer quotations or alternative pricing sources with reasonable levels of price transparency. Consideration is given to the nature of the quotations (e.g. indicative or firm) and the relationship of recent market activity to the prices provided from alternative pricing sources. 

Derivative Contracts 
 OTC derivatives (both centrally cleared and bilateral) are valued using market transactions and other market evidence whenever possible, including market-based inputs to models, calibration to market-clearing transactions, broker or dealer quotations, or other alternative pricing sources with reasonable levels of price transparency. Where models are used, the selection of a particular model to value an OTC derivative depends upon the contractual terms of, and specific risks inherent in, the instrument, as well as the availability of pricing information in the market. The Company generally uses similar models to value similar instruments. Valuation models require a variety of inputs, including contractual terms, market prices, yield curves, credit curves, measures of volatility, voluntary and involuntary prepayment rates, loss severity rates and correlations of such inputs. For OTC derivatives that trade in liquid markets, model inputs can generally be verified and model selection does not involve significant management judgment. OTC derivatives are classified within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy when significant inputs are corroborated by market evidence. 

Level 3 Instruments 
 Valuation Techniques and Significant Inputs 

Bank Loans, Corporate Debt, and Other Debt Obligations 
 Valuations are generally based on discounted cash flow techniques, for which the significant inputs are the amount and timing of expected future cash flows, market yields and recovery assumptions. The significant inputs are generally determined based on relative value analyses, which incorporate comparisons both to credit default swaps that reference the same underlying credit risk and to other debt instruments for the same issuer for which observable prices or broker quotes are available. Other valuation methodologies are used as appropriate including market comparables, transactions in similar instruments and recovery/liquidation analysis. 

Equity 
 Recent third-party investments or pending transactions are considered to be the best evidence for any change in fair value. When these are not available, the following valuation methodologies are used, as appropriate and available: (i) Transactions in similar instruments; (ii) Discounted cash flow techniques; (iii) Third party appraisals; and (iv) Industry multiples and public comparables. Evidence includes recent or pending reorganizations (for example, merger proposals, tender offers and debt restructurings) and significant changes in financial metrics, including: (i) Current financial performance as compared to projected performance; (ii) Capitalization rates and multiples; and (iii) Market yields implied by transactions of similar or related assets. 

100 
 
 Table of Contents 
 The table below presents the ranges of significant unobservable inputs used to value the Company s Level 3 assets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. These ranges represent the significant unobservable inputs that were used in the valuation of each type of instrument, but they do not represent a range of values for any one instrument. For example, the lowest discount rate in 1st Lien/Senior Secured Debt is appropriate for valuing that specific debt investment, but may not be appropriate for valuing any other debt investments in this asset class. Accordingly, the ranges of inputs presented below do not represent uncertainty in, or possible ranges of, fair value measurements of the Company s Level 3 assets. 

Level 3 Instruments 
 Fair Value (1) (2) 
 
 Valuation Techniques (3) 
 Significant Unobservable Inputs 
 Range of Significant Unobservable Inputs (4) 
 Weighted Average (5) 

As of December 31, 2022 

Bank Loans, Corporate Debt, and Other Debt Obligations 

1st Lien/Senior Secured Debt 
 
 168,648 
 
 Discounted cash flows 
 Discount Rate 
 7.4 - 11.5 
 9.9 

1st Lien/Last-Out Unitranche 
 
 6,295 
 
 Discounted cash flows 
 Discount Rate 
 
 10.9 

Equity 

Preferred Stock 
 
 1,349 
 
 Comparable multiples 
 EV/EBITDA (6) 
 
 27.9x 

1,477 
 
 Comparable multiples 
 EV/Revenue 
 
 4.0x 

Common Stock 
 
 768 
 
 Comparable multiples 
 EV/EBITDA (6) 
 9.1x - 18.3x 
 12.4x 

Warrants 
 
 71 
 
 Comparable multiples 
 EV/Revenue 
 
 4.0x 

As of December 31, 2021 

Equity 

Warrants 
 
 216 
 
 Comparable multiples 
 EV/Revenue 
 
 8.2x 

(1) As of December 31, 2022, included within Level 3 assets of 249,660 is an amount of 71,052 for which the Investment Adviser did not develop the unobservable inputs (examples include single source broker quotations, third party pricing, and prior transactions). The income approach was used in the determination of fair value for 174,943 or 71.1 of Level 3 bank loans, corporate debt, and other debt obligations. 

(2) As of December 31, 2021, included within Level 3 assets of 29,610 is an amount of 29,394 for which the Investment Adviser did not develop the unobservable inputs (examples include single source broker quotations, third party pricing, and prior transactions). 

(3) The fair value of any one instrument may be determined using multiple valuation techniques. For example, market comparable and discounted cash flows may be used together to determine fair value. Therefore, the Level 3 balance encompasses both of these techniques. 

(4) The range for an asset category consisting of a single investment is not meaningful and therefore has been excluded. 

(5) Weighted average for an asset category consisting of multiple investments is calculated by weighting the significant unobservable input by the relative fair value of the investment. Weighted average for an asset category consisting of a single investment represents the significant unobservable input used in the fair value of the investment. 

(6) Enterprise value of portfolio company as a multiple of earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization EBITDA ). 

As noted above, the income and market approaches were used in the determination of fair value of certain Level 3 assets as of December 31, 2022 and the market approach was used in the determination of fair value of certain Level 3 assets as of December 31, 2021. The significant unobservable inputs used in the income approach are the discount rate or market yield used to discount the estimated future cash flows expected to be received from the underlying investment, which include both future principal and interest payments. An increase in the discount rate or market yield would result in a decrease in the fair value. Included in the consideration and selection of discount rates or market yields is risk of default, rating of the investment, call provisions and comparable company investments. The significant unobservable inputs used in the market approach are based on market comparable transactions and market multiples of publicly traded comparable companies. Increases or decreases in market comparable transactions or market multiples would result in an increase or decrease, in the fair value. 
 The following is a summary of the Company s assets categorized within the fair value hierarchy: 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Assets 
 
 Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

Total 

Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

Total 

1st Lien/Senior Secured Debt 

239,700 

239,700 

26,413 

26,413 

1st Lien/Last-Out Unitranche 

6,295 

6,295 

Preferred Stock 

2,826 

2,826 

2,711 

2,711 

Common Stock 

768 

768 

270 

270 

Warrants 

71 

71 

216 

216 

Investments in Affiliated Money Market Fund 

23,067 

23,067 

Total 

249,660 

249,660 

23,067 

29,610 

52,677 

101 
 
 Table of Contents 
 The below table presents a summary of changes in fair value of Level 3 assets by investment type: 

Assets 
 
 Beginning Balance 

Purchases (1) 

Net Realized Gain (Loss) 

Net Change in Unrealized Appreciation (Depreciation) 

Sales and Settlements (1) 

Net Amortization of Premium/ Discount 

Transfers In (2) 

Transfers Out (2) 

Ending Balance 

Net Change in Unrealized Appreciation (Depreciation) for assets still held 

For the year ended December 31, 2022 

1st Lien/Senior Secured Debt 

26,413 

221,955 

(1,414) 

(7,602) 

348 

239,700 

(1,414) 

1st Lien/Last-Out Unitranche 

6,344 

(57) 

8 

6,295 

(57) 

Preferred Stock 

2,711 

115 

2,826 

115 

Common Stock 

270 

400 

98 

768 

98 

Warrants 

216 

(145) 

71 

(145) 

Total assets 

29,610 

228,699 

(1,403) 

(7,602) 

356 

249,660 

(1,403) 

For the period from October 29, 2021 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2021 

1st Lien/Senior Secured Debt 

26,197 

225 

(17) 

8 

26,413 

225 

Preferred Stock 

2,711 

2,711 

Common Stock 

270 

270 

Warrants 

216 

216 

Total assets 

29,394 

225 

(17) 

8 

29,610 

225 

(1) Purchases may include PIK, securities received in corporate actions and restructurings. Sales and Settlements may include securities delivered in corporate actions and restructuring of investments. 

(2) Transfers in (out) of Level 3, if any, are due to a decrease (increase) in the quantity and reliability of broker quotes obtained by the Investment Adviser. 

Debt Not Carried at Fair Value 
 The fair value of the Company s debt, which would have been categorized as Level 3 within the fair value hierarchy as of December 31, 2022, approximates its carrying value because the BoA Revolving Credit Facility has variable interest based on selected short-term rates. 
 6.	DEBT 
 On November 1, 2021, the Initial Member approved the application of the reduced asset coverage requirements in Section 61(a)(2) of the Investment Company Act to the Company and such election became effective the following day. As a result of this approval, the Company is currently allowed to borrow amounts such that its asset coverage ratio, as defined in the Investment Company Act, is at least 150 after such borrowing (if certain requirements are met). As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company s asset coverage ratio based on the aggregate amount outstanding of senior securities was 316 and 167 . 
 The Company s outstanding debt was as follows: 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Aggregate Borrowing Amount Committed 

Amount Available 

Carrying Value 

Aggregate Borrowing Amount Committed 

Amount Available 

Carrying Value 

BoA Revolving Credit Facility (1) 

156,586 

76,796 

79,443 

60,000 

20,013 

40,030 

Total debt 

156,586 

76,796 

79,443 

60,000 

20,013 

40,030 

(1) 
 Provides, under certain circumstances, a total borrowing capacity of 300,000. The Company may borrow amounts in USD or certain other permitted currencies. Debt outstanding denominated in currencies other than USD has been converted to USD using the applicable foreign currency exchange rate as of the applicable reporting date. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had outstanding borrowings denominated in USD of 30,000, in GBP of 30,665 and in CAD of CAD 16,750. As of December 31, 2021, the Company had outstanding borrowings denominated in USD of 38,000, in GBP of 1,500 and in CAD of CAD 0. 

102 
 
 Table of Contents 
 BoA Revolving Credit Facility 
 The Company entered into the BoA Revolving Credit Facility on November 26, 2021 with Bank of America, N.A. BoA ), as administrative agent (the Administrative Agent ), lead arranger, letter of credit issuer and lender. Subject to availability under the Borrowing Base, the maximum principal amount of the BoA Revolving Credit Facility was 156,586 as of December 31, 2022, with a reduction to 127,586 on and after March 31, 2023. The Borrowing Base is calculated based on the unfunded capital commitments of the investors meeting various eligibility requirements (subject to investor concentration limits) multiplied by specified advance rates. The stated maturity date of the BoA Revolving Credit Facility is November 24, 2023. The Company amended the BoA Revolving Credit Facility on July 26, 2022 and November 14, 2022. 
 Proceeds from the BoA Revolving Credit Facility may be used for investments, working capital, expenses and general corporate purposes (including to pay dividends or distributions). 
 Under the BoA Revolving Credit Facility, prior to the amendment on July 26, 2022, the Company had the ability to elect either LIBOR or the alternate base rate at the time of drawdown, and loans may be converted from one rate to another at any time, subject to certain conditions. Interest rate on obligations under the BoA Revolving Credit Facility was the prevailing LIBOR for one month plus 2.85 per annum or (B) an alternate base rate (the greatest of (i) the Prime Rate plus 1.85 , (ii) the Federal Funds Rate plus 0.50 plus 1.85 , and (iii) Adjusted LIBOR Rate plus 1.00 ). Effective July 26, 2022, the Company has the ability to elect Daily Simple SOFR, Term SOFR, the applicable alternative currency rate, or the alternate base rate at the time of drawdown, and loans may be converted from one rate to another at any time, subject to certain conditions. The interest rate on obligations under the BoA Revolving Credit Facility is (A) the prevailing Daily Simple SOFR, Term SOFR for the applicable interest period or the applicable alternative currency rate, in each case, plus any applicable credit spread adjustment, plus 2.85 per annum, or (B) an alternate base rate (the greatest of (i) the Prime Rate plus 1.85 per annum, (ii) the Federal Funds Rate plus 0.50 plus 1.85 per annum, and (iii) Term SOFR with a one-month tenor plus 1.00 ). The Company pays a 0.35 annualized fee on a quarterly basis on committed but undrawn amounts under the BoA Revolving Credit Facility. 
 Amounts drawn under the BoA Revolving Credit Facility may be prepaid at any time without premium or penalty, subject to applicable breakage costs. Loans are subject to mandatory prepayment for amounts exceeding the Borrowing Base or the lenders aggregate commitment and to the extent required to comply with the Investment Company Act, as applied to BDCs. Transfers of interests in the Company by investors are subject to certain restrictions under the BoA Revolving Credit Facility. In addition, any transfer of shares from a stockholder whose undrawn commitments are included in the Borrowing Base to a stockholder that is not eligible to be included in the Borrowing Base (or that is eligible to be included in the Borrowing Base at a lower advance rate) may trigger mandatory prepayment obligations. 
 The BoA Revolving Credit Facility is secured by a perfected first priority security interest in the unfunded capital commitments of the Company s investors (with certain exceptions) and the proceeds thereof, including an assignment of the right to make capital calls, receive and apply capital contributions, and enforce remedies and claims related thereto, and a pledge of the collateral account into which capital call proceeds are deposited. Additionally, under the BoA Revolving Credit Facility, in certain circumstances after an event of default, the Administrative Agent will be able to require investors to fund their capital commitments directly to the Administrative Agent for the purposes of repaying the loans, but lenders cannot seek recourse against a stockholder in excess of such stockholder's obligation to contribute capital to the Company. 
 The BoA Revolving Credit Facility contains customary representations, warranties, and affirmative and negative covenants, including without limitation, representations and covenants regarding treatment as a RIC under the Code and as a BDC under the Investment Company Act and restrictions on the Company s ability to make certain distributions, to incur additional indebtedness, to incur any liens on the collateral and to permit certain transfers of stockholders ownership interest in the shares. The BoA Revolving Credit Facility includes customary conditions precedent to the draw-down of loans and customary events of default. The Company is in compliance with these covenants. 
 Costs of 904 were incurred in connection with obtaining the BoA Revolving Credit Facility, which have been recorded as deferred financing costs on the Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities and are being amortized over the life of the BoA Revolving Credit Facility using the straight-line method. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, outstanding deferred financing costs were 484 and 423. 
 
 103 
 
 Table of Contents 
 The below table presents the summary information of the BoA Revolving Credit Facility: 

For the year ended December 31, 

For the period from October 29, 2021 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Borrowing interest expense 

1,787 

18 

Facility fees 

227 

19 

Amortization of financing costs 

398 

22 

Total 

2,412 

59 

Weighted average interest rate 

5.30 

3.00 

Average outstanding balance 

33,710 

6,308 

Average outstanding debt balance was calculated beginning on November 26, 2021, the date on which the Company entered into the BoA Revolving Credit Facility . 
 7.	COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 
 Capital Commitments 
 The Company had aggregate capital commitments and undrawn capital commitments from investors as follows: 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Capital Commitments 

Unfunded Capital Commitments 

of Capital Commitments Funded 

Capital Commitments 

Unfunded Capital Commitments 

of Capital Commitments Funded 

Common Stock 

543,340 

367,875 

32 

189,014 

160,728 

15 

Portfolio Company Commitments 
 The Company may enter into investment commitments through signed commitment letters. In many circumstances, borrower acceptance and final terms are subject to transaction-related contingencies. These are disclosed as commitments upon execution of a final agreement. As of December 31, 2022, the Company believed that it had adequate financial resources to satisfy its unfunded commitments. The Company had the following unfunded commitments by investment types: 
 
 104 
 
 Table of Contents 

Unfunded Commitment Balances (1) 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

1st Lien/Senior Secured Debt 

Admiral Buyer, Inc. (dba Fidelity Payment Services) 

2,810 

Bigchange Group Limited 

402 

510 

BSI3 Menu Buyer, Inc (dba Kydia) 

249 

Businessolver.com, Inc. 

536 

587 

Checkmate Finance Merger Sub, LLC 

367 

367 

Clearcourse Partnership Acquireco Finance Limited 

7,832 

CloudBees, Inc. 

86 

1,510 

Coding Solutions Acquisition, Inc. 

1,786 

Coretrust Purchasing Group LLC 

3,864 

CST Buyer Company (dba Intoxalock) 

574 

DFS Holding Company, Inc. 

7,102 

Governmentjobs.com, Inc. (dba NeoGov) 

2,268 

2,267 

HealthEdge Software, Inc. 

7,500 

2,090 

HumanState Limited (dba PayProp) 

10,591 

iCIMS, Inc. 

6,454 

Intelligent Medical Objects, Inc. 

1,224 

iWave Information Systems, Inc. 

1,087 

Kaseya Inc. 

700 

LCG Vardiman Black, LLC (dba Specialty Dental Brands) 

1,097 

MerchantWise Solutions, LLC (dba HungerRush) 

1,414 

Millstone Medical Outsourcing, LLC 

207 

250 

NFM J, L.P. (dba the Facilities Group) 

707 

1,309 

PDDS Holdco, Inc. (dba Planet DDS) 

1,958 

Qualawash Holdings, LLC 

865 

Rubrik,Inc. 

732 

Southeast Mechanical, LLC (dba. SEM Holdings, LLC) 

3,000 

SpendMend, LLC 

1,302 

Spotless Brands, LLC 

1,650 

Trader Corporation 

945 

WebPT, Inc. 

449 

3,754 

Whitewater Holding Company LLC 

5,741 

1,124 

Zarya Intermediate, LLC (dba iOFFICE) 

938 

Total 1st Lien/Senior Secured Debt 

76,437 

13,768 

1st Lien/Last-Out Unitranche 

EDB Parent, LLC (dba Enterprise DB) 

2,061 

Total 1st Lien/Last-Out Unitranche 

2,061 

Total 

78,498 

13,768 

(1) Unfunded commitments denominated in currencies other than USD have been converted to USD using the exchange rate as of the applicable reporting date. 

Contingencies 
 In the normal course of business, the Company enters into contracts that provide a variety of general indemnifications. Any exposure to the Company under these arrangements could involve future claims that may be made against the Company. Currently, no such claims exist or are expected to arise and, accordingly, the Company has not accrued any liability in connection with such indemnifications. 
 105 
 
 Table of Contents 
 8.	NET ASSETS 
 Capital Drawdowns 
 The following table summarizes the total shares issued and proceeds related to capital drawdowns: 

Share Issue Date 
 
 Shares Issued 

Proceeds Received 

For the year ended December 31, 2022 

March 16, 2022 

1,823,817 

34,051 

July 27, 2022 

856,930 

15,811 

September 19, 2022 

2,069,029 

38,195 

October 19, 2022 

3,024,805 

55,547 

November 16, 2022 

193,341 

3,575 

Total capital drawdowns 

7,967,922 

147,179 

For the period from October 29, 2021 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2021 

November 23, 2021 

944,320 

18,886 

December 20, 2021 

493,254 

9,400 

Total capital drawdowns 

1,437,574 

28,286 

Inclusive of 476 shares that were cancelled as a result of defaulting stockholders. 
 
 Distributions 
 The following table reflects the distributions declared on the Company s common stock: 

Date Declared 
 
 Record Date 
 
 Payment Date 
 
 Amount Per Share 

For the year ended December 31, 2022 

May 2, 2022 
 
 July 5, 2022 
 
 July 28, 2022 

0.02 

August 3, 2022 
 
 October 3, 2022 
 
 October 28, 2022 

0.12 

November 2, 2022 
 
 December 30, 2022 
 
 January 27, 2023 

0.38 

There were no distributions declared on the Company s common stock for the period from October 29, 2021 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2021. 
 
 9.	EARNINGS (LOSS) PER SHARE 
 The following information sets forth the computation of basic and diluted earnings per share: 

For the year ended December 31, 

For the period from October 29, 2021 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Net increase (decrease) in net assets from operations 

1,923 

(1,358) 

Weighted average shares outstanding 

4,489,749 

667,932 

Basic and diluted earnings (loss) per share 

0.43 

(2.03) 

Diluted earnings per share equal basic earnings per share because there were no common share equivalents outstanding during the period presented. 
 
 10.	TAX INFORMATION 
 
 The below table presents the tax character of distributions: 

December 31, 2022 

For the period from October 29, 2021 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2021 

Distributions paid from: 

Ordinary Income 

4,374 

Net Long-Term Capital Gains 

Total Taxable Distributions 

4,374 

106 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 As of the date indicated, the components of Accumulated Earnings (Losses) on a tax basis were as follows: 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Undistributed Ordinary Income - net 

14 

Undistributed Long-Term Capital Gains 

1 

Total Undistributed Earnings 

15 

Capital Loss Carryforward 

Perpetual Long-Term 

Perpetual Short-Term 

Timing Differences (Organizational Costs and Post-October Capital Loss Deferral) 

(454) 

(474) 

Unrealized Earnings (Losses) net 

(1,469) 

182 

Total Accumulated Earnings (Losses) net 

(1,908) 

(292) 

As of the date indicated, the Company s aggregate unrealized appreciation and depreciation based on cost for U.S. federal income tax purposes were as follows: 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Tax cost 

250,838 

52,452 

Gross unrealized appreciation 

746 

237 

Gross unrealized depreciation 

(2,215) 

(55) 

Net unrealized investment appreciation (depreciation) 

(1,469) 

182 

In order to present certain components of the Company's capital accounts on a tax-basis, certain reclassifications have been recorded to the Company's accounts. These reclassifications have no impact on the net asset value of the Company and result primarily from certain non-deductible expenses and net operating losses. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from October 29, 2021 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2021, the Company reclassified 835) and 1,066) from total distributable (loss) to paid-in capital in excess of par. 
 The following table reconciles net increase in net assets resulting from operations to taxable income: 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations 

1,923 

(1,358) 

Adjustments: 

Net unrealized losses (gains) 

1,651 

(182) 

Income not currently taxable 

11 

Expenses not currently deductible 

837 

605 

Expenses for tax but not for book 

(33) 

(5) 

Taxable income net of capital loss carryforward 

4,389 

(940) 

Nondeductible net investment loss 

940 

Taxable income (1) 

4,389 

(1) Taxable income is an estimate and is not fully determined until the Company s tax return is filed. 

ASC Topic 740 Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes ASC 740 provides guidance on the accounting for and disclosure of uncertainty in tax position. ASC 740 requires the evaluation of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in the course of preparing the Company s tax returns to determine whether the tax positions are more-likely-than-not of being sustained by the applicable tax authority. Tax positions deemed to meet the more-likely-than-not threshold are recorded as a tax benefit or expense in the current year. Based on its analysis of its tax position for all open tax years (the current and prior years, as applicable), the Company has concluded that it does not have any uncertain tax positions that met the recognition or measurement criteria of ASC 740. Such open tax years remain subject to examination and adjustment by tax authorities. 
 
 107 
 
 Table of Contents 
 11.	FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS 
 The below table presents the schedule of financial highlights of the Company: 

For the year ended December 31, 

For the period from October 29, 2021 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Per Share Data: (1) 

NAV, beginning of period 

18.73 

20.00 

Net investment income (loss) 

0.80 

(2.35) 

Net realized and unrealized gains (losses) (2) 

(0.76) 

1.08 

Net increase (decrease) in net assets from operations (2) 

0.04 

(1.27) 

Distributions declared from net investment income 

(0.52) 

Total increase (decrease) in net assets 

(0.48) 

(1.27) 

NAV, end of period 

18.25 

18.73 

Shares outstanding, end of period 

9,405,496 

1,437,574 

Weighted average shares outstanding 

4,489,749 

667,932 

Total return based on NAV (3) 

0.21 

(6.35) 

Supplemental Data/Ratio (4) : 

Net assets, end of period 

171,656 

26,928 

Ratio of net expenses to average net assets 

8.20 

59.58 

Ratio of expenses (without incentive fees and interest and other debt expenses) to average net assets 

5.32 

56.51 

Ratio of interest and other debt expenses to average net assets 

2.92 

2.81 

Ratio of incentive fees to average net assets 

(0.04) 

0.26 

Ratio of total expenses to average net assets 

8.43 

60.17 

Ratio of net investment income to average net assets 

4.37 

(54.18) 

Portfolio turnover 

7 

0 

(1) The per share data was derived by using the weighted average share outstanding during the applicable period, except for distributions declared, which reflects the actual amount of distributions declared per share for the applicable period. 

(2) The amount shown may not correspond for the period as it includes the effect of the timing of capital drawdowns and distributions. 

(3) Calculated as the change in NAV per share during the period plus dividends declared per share, divided by the beginning NAV per share. 

(4) Ratios for the period from October 29, 2021 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2021 are annualized, except for, as applicable, unvested Incentive Fees and organization costs. 

12.	SUBSEQUENT EVENTS 
 Subsequent events after the date of the Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities have been evaluated through the date the consolidated financial statements were issued. Other than the items discussed below, the Company has concluded that there is no impact requiring adjustment or disclosure in the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 On February 7, 2023, the Company delivered a capital drawdown notice to certain of its investors relating to the issuance and sale of 62,172 shares of common stock for an aggregate offering price of 1,145. The shares were issued on February 21, 2023. 
 
 On February 28, 2023, the Board of Directors declared a distribution equal to an amount up to the Company's taxable earnings per share, including net investment income (if positive) for the period January 1, 2023 through March 31, 2023, payable on or about April 27, 2023 to shareholders of record as of April 5, 2023. 
 
 Truist Revolving Credit Facility 
 On February 28, 2023, the Company entered into the Truist Revolving Credit Facility with various lenders. Truist Bank serves as administrative agent. 
 Borrowings denominated in USD, including amounts drawn in respect of letters of credit, bear interest (at the Company's election) of either (i) term SOFR plus a margin of either 2.00 or 1.75 (subject to certain gross borrowing base conditions), plus an additional 0.10 credit adjustment spread, (ii) an alternate base rate, which is the highest of (x) Prime Rate in effect on such day, (y) Federal Funds Effective Rate for such day plus 1/2 of 1.00 and (z) term SOFR for an interest period of one (1) month plus 1.00 , plus a margin of either 1.00 or 0.75 (subject to certain gross borrowing base conditions). Borrowings denominated in non-USD bear interest of the applicable term benchmark rate or daily simple RFR plus a margin of either 2.00 or 1.75 (subject to certain gross borrowing base conditions), plus, in the case of borrowings denominated in Pound Sterling (GBP) only, an additional 0.0326 credit adjustment spread or 0.1193 credit adjustment spread, for 1-month tenor and 3-months tenor borrowings, respectively. With respect to borrowings denominated in USD, the Company may elect either term SOFR, or an alternative base rate at the time of borrowing, and such borrowings may be converted from one benchmark to another at any time, subject to certain conditions. 
 Any amounts borrowed under the Truist Revolving Credit Facility will mature, and all accrued and unpaid interest will be due and payable, on February 28, 2028. 
 108 
 
 Table of Contents 
 The Truist Revolving Credit Facility is a multicurrency facility, and as of March 2, 2023, total commitments under the Truist Revolving Credit Facility were 305.00 million. The Truist Revolving Credit Facility also has an accordion feature, subject to the satisfaction of various conditions, which could bring total commitments under the Truist Revolving Credit Facility to 750.00 million. 
 The Truist Revolving Credit Facility may be guaranteed by certain of the Company s subsidiaries that are formed or acquired by the Company in the future (collectively, the Subsidiary Guarantors ). Proceeds from borrowings may be used for general corporate purposes, including the funding of portfolio investments. 
 The Company s obligations to the lenders under the Truist Revolving Credit Facility are secured by a first priority security interest in substantially all of the Company s portfolio of investments and cash, with certain exceptions. The Truist Revolving Credit Facility contains certain customary covenants, including: (i) maintaining a minimum shareholders equity, (ii) maintaining an asset coverage ratio of at least 1.50 to 1 and (iii) restrictions on industry concentrations in the Company s investment portfolio. The Company is in compliance with these covenants. 
 The Truist Revolving Credit Facility also includes customary representations and warranties, conditions precedent to funding of draws and events of default (including a change in control event of default trigger). 
 Goldman Sachs Middle Market Lending Corp II. Tax Information (unaudited) 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company designated 91.09 of its distributions from net investment income as interest-related dividends pursuant to Section 871(k) of the Internal Revenue Code. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company designated 97.68 of the dividends paid from net investment company taxable income as section 163(j) Interest Dividends. 
 OTHER INFORMATION (unaudited) 
 Effective from April 12, 2016 and solely for the purpose of marketing the Company in the United Kingdom UK ), the Investment Adviser identified itself as the alternative investment fund manager AIFM of the Company. As AIFM, the Investment Adviser is responsible for complying with the UK marketing rules implementing the Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive (Directive 2011/61/EU) (the Directive ). 
 In accordance with these rules, the AIFM is required to make available an annual report on Form 10-K for the financial year of the Company, containing certain disclosures as set out in Article 22 and 23 of the Directive. The disclosures set out below are included to satisfy these requirements as they have not been disclosed elsewhere in this annual report on Form 10-K. 
 I. Remuneration 
 The following disclosures are made in accordance with Article 107 of the EU Commission Delegated Regulation C (2012) 8370 in respect of the AIFM, which is part of the GS Group Inc. GS Group Inc. s global remuneration philosophy, structure and process for setting remuneration generally applies to employees of the AIFM in the same manner as other employees globally. References to the firm and we throughout this disclosure include GS Group Inc. and the AIFM and any subsidiaries and affiliates. 
 a. Remuneration Program Philosophy 
 The remuneration philosophy and the objectives of the remuneration program for the firm, including the AIFM are reflected in GS Group Inc. s Compensation principles as posted on the Goldman Sachs public website (http://www.goldmansachs.com/investor relations/corporate governance/corporate governance-documents/compensation-principles.pdf) which includes the following: 
 1. We pay for performance this is an absolute requirement under our compensation program and inherent in our culture. 

2. We structure compensation, especially at senior levels, to align with GS Group Inc. s stockholders long-term interests. 

3. We use compensation as an important tool to attract, retain and motivate talent. 

4. We align total compensation with corporate performance over the period. 

The AIFM s remuneration program is intended to be flexible enough to allow responses to changes in market conditions, but grounded in a framework that maintains effective remuneration practices. 
 b. Remuneration Governance 
 GS Group Inc. s global process for setting variable remuneration (including the requirement to consider risk and compliance issues) applies to employees of the AIFM in the same way as to employees of other entities and in other regions and is subject to oversight by the senior management of the firm in the region. 
 109 
 
 Table of Contents 
 c. Link Between Pay and Performance 
 Annual remuneration for employees is generally comprised of salary and variable remuneration. The AIFM s remuneration practices provide for variable remuneration determinations to be made on a discretionary basis. Variable remuneration is based on multiple factors and is not set as a fixed percentage of revenue or by reference to any other formula. Firmwide performance is a key factor in determining variable remuneration. 
 d. Performance Measurement 
 Year-end variable remuneration is determined through a discretionary process that relies on certain qualitative and quantitative metrics against which we assess performance at year-end. We do not set specific goals, targets or other objectives for purposes of determining year-end variable remuneration nor do we set an initial remuneration pool that is adjusted for any such goals, targets or other objectives. Such metrics are not formulaic nor given any specific weight. In addition, employees are evaluated annually as part of the 360 degree feedback process. 
 e. Risk Adjustment 
 Prudent risk management is a hallmark of both the firm s and AIFM s culture and sensitivity to risk and risk management are key elements in assessing employee performance, including as part of the 360 degree feedback process noted above. 
 We take risk into account in setting the amount and form of variable remuneration for employees. We provide guidelines to assist compensation managers when applying discretion during the remuneration process to promote consistent consideration of the different risks presented. Further, to ensure the independence of control function employees, remuneration for those employees is not determined by individuals in revenue-producing positions but rather by the management of the relevant control function. 
 f. Structure of Remuneration 
 1. Fixed Remuneration 

2. Variable Remuneration: For employees with total remuneration above a specific threshold, variable remuneration is generally paid in a combination of cash and equity-based remuneration. In general, the portion paid in the form of an equity-based award increases as variable remuneration increases and, for AIFM Remuneration Code Staff, is set to ensure compliance with Principle 5 (e) and (f) of the AIFM Remuneration Code. 

g. Total Remuneration 
 Staff remuneration for the financial period ending December 31, 2022: 

Total remuneration for the financial year ending 31 December 2022 paid by the AIFM to 121 staff in respect of the management of the assets of the Company 
 US 2,247,498, made up of: US 932,783 fixed remuneration US 1,314,715 variable remuneration 

Which includes: 

(a) Remuneration paid by the AIFM to senior management 
 US 752,183 

(b) Remuneration paid by the AIFM to other staff members whose actions have a material impact on the risk profile of the Company 
 US 1,495,315 

The remuneration figures above: 
 1. relate to the proportion of time spent by those staff on the management of the assets of the Company; 

2. relate to the portion of the year for which the Company was subject to the Directive; and 

3. do not include figures for those staff whose activities may impact the Company but who provide services through other affiliates of the AIFM. 

II. Swiss Disclosure 
 The Company's offering memorandum or equivalent document, constitutional documents, the annual reports and, where produced by the Company, the semi-annual reports, may be obtained free of charge from the Swiss Representative. In respect of the shares or interests offered in Switzerland to Qualified Investors, the place of performance is at the registered office of the Swiss Representative. The place of jurisdiction is at the registered office of the Swiss Representative or at the registered office or place of residence of the investor. 
 Swiss Representative: FIRST INDEPENDENT FUND SERVICES LTD, Klausstrasse 33, CH-8008 Zurich. 
 110 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Swiss Paying Agent: GOLDMAN SACHS BANK AG, Claridenstrasse 25, CH-8002 Zurich. 
 III. Risk Management 
 The current risk profile of the Company and the risk management framework employed by the AIFM to manage those risks are outlined in the Partnership Agreement and private placement memorandum. The Investment Manager s risk management function will seek to ensure that the risk profile disclosed to investors is consistent with applicable risk limits, monitor compliance with those risk limits, promptly notify the risk management component of the portfolio management team managing the portfolio of any inconsistency, or risk or inconsistency, between the risk profile and risk limits. 
 IV. Material Changes 
 Article 22 of the Directive requires disclosure of any material changes in the information listed in Article 23 of the Directive. 
 In respect of the period ended December 31, 2022, there have been no material changes to the information listed in Article 23 of the Directive. 
 V. Service Provider Not Previously Disclosed 
 Legal Counsel 
 Fried, Frank, Harris, Shriver Jacobson LLP 
 One New York Plaza 
 New York, NY 10004 
 USA 
 111 
 
 Table of Contents 
 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 
 None. 
 ITEM 9A. CONTRO LS AND PROCEDURES 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures . As of the end of the period covered by this report, our management carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our co-Chief Executive Officers and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act). Based on that evaluation, our co-Chief Executive Officers and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022. In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives, and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting . There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during our most recently completed fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting . Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act). Under the supervision and with the participation of management, including the co-Chief Executive Officers and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on our evaluation, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 Truist Revolving Credit Facility 
 On February 28, 2023, we entered into the Truist Revolving Credit Facility with various lenders. Truist Bank serves as administrative agent. 
 Borrowings denominated in USD, including amounts drawn in respect of letters of credit, bear interest (at our election) of either (i) term SOFR plus a margin of either 2.00 or 1.75 (subject to certain gross borrowing base conditions), plus an additional 0.10 credit adjustment spread, (ii) an alternate base rate, which is the highest of (x) Prime Rate in effect on such day, (y) Federal Funds Effective Rate for such day plus 1/2 of 1.00 and (z) term SOFR for an interest period of one (1) month plus 1.00 , plus a margin of either 1.00 or 0.75 (subject to certain gross borrowing base conditions). Borrowings denominated in non-USD bear interest of the applicable term benchmark rate or daily simple RFR plus a margin of either 2.00 or 1.75 (subject to certain gross borrowing base conditions), plus, in the case of borrowings denominated in Pound Sterling (GBP) only, an additional 0.0326 credit adjustment spread or 0.1193 credit adjustment spread, for 1-month tenor and 3-months tenor borrowings, respectively. With respect to borrowings denominated in USD, we may elect either term SOFR, or an alternative base rate at the time of borrowing, and such borrowings may be converted from one benchmark to another at any time, subject to certain conditions. 
 Any amounts borrowed under the Truist Revolving Credit Facility will mature, and all accrued and unpaid interest will be due and payable, on February 28, 2028. 
 The Truist Revolving Credit Facility is a multicurrency facility, and as of March 2, 2023, total commitments under the Truist Revolving Credit Facility were 305.00 million. The Truist Revolving Credit Facility also has an accordion feature, subject to the satisfaction of various conditions, which could bring total commitments under the Truist Revolving Credit Facility to 750.00 million. 
 The Truist Revolving Credit Facility may be guaranteed by certain of our subsidiaries that are formed or acquired by us in the future (collectively, the Subsidiary Guarantors ). Proceeds from borrowings may be used for general corporate purposes, including the funding of portfolio investments. 
 Our obligations to the lenders under the Truist Revolving Credit Facility are secured by a first priority security interest in substantially all of our portfolio of investments and cash, with certain exceptions. The Truist Revolving Credit Facility contains certain customary covenants, including: (i) maintaining a minimum shareholders equity, (ii) maintaining an asset coverage ratio of at least 1.50 to 1 and (iii) restrictions on industry concentrations in our investment portfolio. We are in compliance with these covenants. 
 The Truist Revolving Credit Facility also includes customary representations and warranties, conditions precedent to funding of draws and events of default (including a change in control event of default trigger). 
 112 
 
 Table of Contents 
 The foregoing description is only a summary of the material provisions of the Truist Revolving Credit Facility and is qualified in its entirety by reference to a copy of the Truist Revolving Credit Facility, which will be filed as an exhibit to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ending March 31, 2023. 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 Not Applicable. 
 113 
 
 Table of Contents 
 PART III. 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE O FFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 Our business and affairs are managed under the direction of our Board of Directors. The Board of Directors consists of six directors, five of whom are Independent Directors. Independent Directors are directors who (1) are not deemed to be interested persons, of the Company (as defined in the Investment Company Act), (2) meet the definition of independent directors under the corporate governance standards of the New York Stock Exchange and (3) meet the independence requirements of Section 10A(m)(3) of the Exchange Act. The Board of Directors elects our officers, who serve at the discretion of the Board of Directors. The responsibilities of the Board of Directors include quarterly valuation of our assets, corporate governance activities, oversight of our financing arrangements and oversight of our investment activities. 
 The Board of Directors role in our management is one of oversight. Oversight of our investment activities extends to oversight of the risk management processes employed by our Investment Adviser as part of its day-to-day management of our investment activities. The Board of Directors reviews risk management processes at both regular and special Board meetings throughout the year, consulting with appropriate representatives of our Investment Adviser as necessary and periodically requesting the production of risk management reports or presentations. The goal of the Board of Directors risk oversight function is to ensure that the risks associated with our investment activities are accurately identified, thoroughly investigated and responsibly addressed. The Board s oversight function cannot, however, eliminate all risks or ensure that particular events do not adversely affect the value of the investments. The Board of Directors also has primary responsibility for the valuation of our assets. 
 The Board of Directors has established an Audit Committee, Governance and Nominating Committee, Compliance Committee and Contract Review Committee. The scope of each committee s responsibilities is discussed in greater detail below. 
 Timothy J. Leach, an Independent Director, serves as Chair Chair of the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors believes that it is in the best interests of stockholders for Mr. Leach to lead the Board of Directors because of his broad corporate background and experience with financial and investment matters, as described below. The Chair will generally act as a liaison between our management, officers and attorneys between meetings of the Board of Directors and presides over all executive sessions of the Independent Directors without management. The Board of Directors believes that its leadership structure is appropriate because the structure allocates areas of responsibility among the individual directors and the committees in a manner that enhances effective oversight. The Board of Directors also believes that its size creates an efficient corporate governance structure that provides opportunity for direct communication and interaction between management and the Board of Directors. 
 Board of Directors and Executive Officers 
 Holders of our common stock will vote together as a class for the election of directors. Under our certificate of incorporation, our directors will each serve for a one year term, but immediately prior to a listing, if any, our Board of Directors will be divided into three classes. At such time, each class of directors will hold office for a three-year term. However, the initial members of the three classes will have initial terms of one, two and three years, respectively. At each annual meeting of our stockholders following our adoption of a classified board, the successors to the class of directors whose terms expire at such meeting will be elected to hold office for a term expiring at the annual meeting of stockholders held in the third year following the year of their election. 
 In addition, our Board of Directors has adopted policies which provide that (a) no director shall hold office for more than 15 years and (b) a director shall retire as of December 31st of the calendar year in which he or she reaches his or her 74th birthday, unless a waiver of such requirement has been adopted by a majority of the other directors. These policies may be changed by the directors without a stockholder vote. 
 Directors 
 Information regarding the members of the Board of Directors is as follows: 
 
 114 
 
 Table of Contents 

Name and Age (1) 
 
 Term of Office 
 
 Principal Occupation(s) During Past 5 Years 
 
 Other Directorships 

Independent Directors 

Timothy J. Leach (67) 
 
 Chairman of the Board of Directors and Director since August 2020 
 
 Mr. Leach is retired. He is Chairman, Habitat for Humanity of Sonoma County (2019 Present); Director, Habitat for Humanity of Sonoma County (2017 2019); and Chairman, MN8 Energy LLC (2021-Present). He was formerly Chief Investment Officer, US Bank Wealth Management (2008 2016) and Treasurer and Director, National Committee to Preserve Social Security Medicare (2014 2019). Director the Company and GS BDC. 
 
 GS BDC; Habitat for Humanity of Sonoma County; MN8 Energy LLC 

Karole Dill Barkley (61) 
 
 Director since November 2021 
 
 Ms. Dill Barkley is retired. She was previously Vice President, Wholesale Credit Risk Insurance Department of J.P. Morgan (2017 2021) and Managing Partner, Sweet Harlem Ventures (2013 2016). 
 
 None 

Carlos E. Evans (71) 
 
 Director since August 2020 
 
 Mr. Evans is retired. He is Chairman, Highwoods Properties, Inc. (2018 Present); Director, Highwoods Properties, Inc. (2015 2018); Director, National Coatings and Supplies Inc. (2015 Present); Director, Warren Oil Company, LLC (2016 Present); Director, American Welding Gas Inc. (2015 Present); and Director, Johnson Management (2015 Present). He was formerly Director, Sykes Enterprises, Inc. (2016-2022); Executive Vice President and Group Head of Wells Fargo Eastern Commercial Banking and National Head of Government and Institutional Banking (2009 2014). Director the Company and GS BDC 
 
 GS BDC; Highwoods Properties, Inc. (a real estate investment trust); National Coatings and Supplies Inc.; Warren Oil Company, LLC; American Welding Gas Inc.; Johnson Management 

Tracy Grooms (63) 
 
 Director since November 2021 
 
 Ms. Grooms is retired. She was previously Chief Compliance Officer, Bank of America Consumer Group (2010-2013) and Director, Rabobank, N.A. (2018-2019). 
 
 None 

Richard A. Mark (69) 
 
 Director since August 2020 
 
 Mr. Mark is retired. He is Director, Viatris Inc. (2020 Present); and Director, Home Centered Care Institute (2021-Present). He was formerly Director, Almost Home Kids (2016 2021); Director, Mylan N.V. (2019 2020); Partner, Deloitte Touche LLP (2002 2015) and Chairman and member of the Audit Committee, Katy Industries, Inc. (2015 2016). Director the Company and GS BDC. 
 
 GS BDC; Viatris Inc. (a global pharmaceutical company); Home Centered Care Institute. 

Interested Directors 

Katherine Kaysie P.Uniacke (62) 
 
 Director since August 2020 
 
 Ms. Uniacke is Chair of the Board Goldman Sachs Asset Management International (2013 Present); Director Goldman Sachs Dublin and 
 
 Goldman Sachs Asset Management International; Goldman Sachs Dublin and Luxembourg family of funds; GS 

115 
 
 Table of Contents 

Luxembourg family of funds (2013 Present); and Advisory Director Goldman Sachs (2013 Present). Formerly, she was Global Chief Operating Officer GSAM (2007 2012); Partner, Goldman Sachs (2002 2012); and Managing Director Goldman Sachs (1997 2002). Director the Company; GS BDC; GS PMMC; GS PMMC II and PSLF. 
 
 BDC; GS PMMC; GS PMMC II; PSLF 

Ms. Uniacke is considered to be an Interested Director because she holds positions with Goldman Sachs and owns securities issued by GS Group Inc. Ms. Uniacke holds comparable positions with certain other companies of which Goldman Sachs, GSAM or an affiliate thereof is the investment adviser, administrator and/or distributor. 

(1) 
 Each director may be contacted by writing the director, c/o Goldman Sachs Asset Management, L.P., 200 West Street, New York, New York 10282. 

Executive Officers 
 Information regarding our executive officers who are not directors is as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 

Position(s) 

Alex Chi 

50 

Co-Chief Executive Officer and Co-President 

David Miller 

53 

Co-Chief Executive Officer and Co-President 

Gabriella N. Skirnick 

45 

Chief Operating Officer 

David Pessah 

37 

Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer, Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer 

Julien Yoo 

51 

Chief Compliance Officer 

Caroline Kraus 

45 

Chief Legal Officer 

Justin Betzen 

42 

Vice President 

Greg Watts 

46 

Vice President 

Tucker Greene 

47 

Vice President 

Jennifer Yang 

39 

Vice President 

The address for each director and executive officer is c/o Goldman Sachs Asset Management, L.P., 200 West Street, New York, New York 10282. Each officer holds office at the pleasure of the Board until the next election of officers or until his or her successor is duly elected and qualifies. 
 Biographical Information 
 Directors 
 Independent Directors: 
 
 Karole Dill Barkley. Ms. Dill Barkley was appointed as one of our directors in November 2021. Ms. Dill Barkley is retired. Prior to her retirement in March 2021, Ms. Dill Barkley served as a Vice President in the Wholesale Credit Risk Insurance Department of J.P. Morgan. Prior to joining J.P. Morgan, Ms. Dill Barkley served in executive roles at Sweet Harlem Ventures and Sweet Harlem Pop. Ms. Dill Barkley also served in a variety of senior positions in the financial services sector at Standard and Poor s Rating Services, Bank of Bermuda (New York) Limited, Union Bank of Switzerland, and Algemene Bank Nederland N.V. She previously served on the Board of Directors for the Smithsonian Institution, Archives of American Art, the Abyssinian Fund, the Bermuda Artworks Foundation and the Harvard Club of New York City. Based on the foregoing, Ms. Dill Barkley is experienced with financial and investment matters, which we believe makes her well qualified to serve on our Board of Directors. 
 116 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Carlos E. Evans. Mr. Evans is retired. Mr. Evans has served on the Board since August 2020. He also serves on the Board of Directors of GS BDC. Mr. Evans is currently chairman of the Board of Directors of Highwoods Properties, Inc., a real estate investment trust, where he serves as chair of the Compensation/Governance Committee and as a member of the Executive Committee. Prior to his retirement in 2014, Mr. Evans worked for Wells Fargo Bank, most recently serving as executive vice president and group head of the eastern division of Wells Fargo commercial banking. From 2006 until Wachovia Corporation s merger with Wells Fargo in 2009, Mr. Evans served as wholesale banking executive and an executive vice president for the Wachovia general banking group. Previously, he held senior management positions with First Union National Bank and with Bank of America and its predecessors, including NationsBank, North Carolina National Bank and Bankers Trust of South Carolina, which he joined in 1973. Mr. Evans is chairman emeritus of the board of the Spoleto Festival USA and was previously chairman of the board of the Medical University of South Carolina Foundation. Mr. Evans serves on the boards of four private companies, National Coatings and Supplies Inc., Warren Oil Company, LLC, American Welding Gas Inc. and Johnson Management. He also previously served on the Board of Directors of Sykes Enterprises, Incorporated, an international provider of outsourced customer contact management services. Based on the foregoing, Mr. Evans is experienced with financial and investment matters, which we believe makes him well qualified to serve on our Board of Directors. 
 Tracy Grooms. Ms. Grooms is retired. Ms. Grooms has served on the Board since November 2021. Prior to her retirement in 2013, Ms. Grooms worked for Bank of America, most recently serving as chief compliance officer for the Bank of America Consumer Group. Prior to serving as chief compliance officer, Ms. Grooms held a variety of senior leadership roles during her 30-year career. From 1993 to 2000, Ms. Grooms served as divisional chief financial officer for numerous businesses and acquisitions, including the acquisition of legacy BankAmerica. From 2001 to 2004, Ms. Grooms served as chief operating officer for the Small Business division and, from 2005 to 2010 she led the Student Lending and Checking/Payments business. From 2013 to 2016, Ms. Groom served as the Undergraduate Director of the McColl School of Business where she led the formation of a banking concentration within the university s undergraduate finance degree program. From 2018 to 2019, Ms. Grooms served on the Board of Directors Rabobank, N.A. Rabobank ), the U.S. national bank subsidiary of Rabobank, Netherlands and as chair of Rabobank s compliance committee and a member of its audit committee until its sale. She currently serves as Treasurer and Board director for the Charleston Symphony and on the McColl School Board of Advisors. Ms. Grooms is a member of NACD and Women s Corporate Directors. Based on the foregoing, Ms. Grooms is experienced with financial investment matters, which we believe makes her well qualified to serve on our Board of Directors. 
 Timothy J. Leach. Mr. Leach is retired. Mr. Leach has serves as Chairperson of the Board since August 2020. He also serves as a member and chairman of the Board of Directors of GS BDC. From 2008 until his retirement in July 2016, Mr. Leach served as chief investment officer of US Bank Wealth Management. Prior to joining US Bank, Mr. Leach held senior management positions with U.S. Trust Company and various investment advisers and asset managers, including Wells Fargo Private Investment Advisors, Wells Fargo Alternative Asset Management, ABN Amro Global Asset Management, ABN Amro Asset Management (USA) and Qualivest Capital Management. Mr. Leach currently serves as chairman of the board of directors of Habitat for Humanity of Sonoma County and as chairman of the board of directors of MN8 Energy LLC. Based on the foregoing, Mr. Leach is experienced with financial and investment matters, which we believe makes him well qualified to serve on our Board of Directors. 
 Richard A. Mark. Mr. Mark is retired. Mr. Mark has served on the Board since August 2020. Mr. Mark has been designated as the Board s audit committee financial expert given his extensive accounting and finance experience. Mr. Mark serves as the chair of the audit committee. Mr. Mark also serves on the Board of Directors of GS BDC and as chair of the audit committee of GS BDC. Prior to his retirement in 2015, Mr. Mark was a partner at Deloitte Touche LLP, most recently leading the corporate development function of the advisory business of Deloitte. Mr. Mark began his career at Arthur Andersen Co. and held various positions with Arthur Andersen, including audit partner, before joining Deloitte in 2002. Mr. Mark is currently a member of the Board of Directors of GS BDC and serves as chair of GS BDC s audit committee. Since November 2020, Mr. Mark has served on the Board of Directors of Viatris Inc. Viatris ), a global pharmaceuticals company. Prior to the closing of the transaction that combined Mylan N.V. and Pfizer Inc. s off-patent branded and generic established medicines business which resulted in the formation of Viatris, Mr. Mark served on the Board of Directors of Mylan N.V. from June 2019 until November 2020. Mr. Mark also served from July 2015 until August 2016 as chairman of the board of directors and as a member of the audit committee of Katy Industries, Inc., a manufacturer, importer and distributor of commercial cleaning and consumer storage products. Since December 2021, Mr. Mark has served on the Board of Directors of the Home Centered Care Institute, a nonprofit organization focused on scaling home-based primary care. From May 2016 to December 2021, Mr. Mark served as a Director of Almost Home Kids, an affiliate of Lurie Children s Hospital of Chicago, which provides care to children with complicated health needs. Mr. Mark is a certified public accountant. Based on the foregoing, Mr. Mark is experienced with accounting, financial and investment matters, which we believe makes him well qualified to serve on our Board of Directors. 
 Interested Directors: 
 117 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Kaysie Uniacke. Ms. Uniacke has served on the Board since August 2020. Ms. Uniacke is the chair of the board of Goldman Sachs Asset Management International, serves on the boards of the Goldman Sachs Luxembourg and Dublin family of funds, several GSAM-managed pooled vehicles organized in the Cayman Islands, GS BDC, GS PMMC, GS PMMC II and PSLF and is an advisory director to GS Group Inc. Previously, she was global chief operating officer of GSAM s portfolio management business until 2012 and served on the Investment Management Division Client and Business Standards Committee. Prior to this, she was president of Goldman Sachs Trust, the GS mutual fund family, and was head of the Fiduciary Management business within Global Manager Strategies, responsible for business development and client service globally. Earlier in her career, Ms. Uniacke managed GSAM s U.S. and Canadian Distribution groups. In that capacity, she was responsible for overseeing all North American institutional and third-party sales channels, marketing and client service functions, for which client assets exceeded 200 billion. Before that, Ms. Uniacke was head of GSAM s Global Cash Services business, where she was responsible for overseeing the management of assets exceeding 100 billion. Ms. Uniacke worked at Goldman Sachs from 1983 to 2012 where she was named managing director in 1997 and partner in 2002. Ms. Uniacke serves on the board of Person to Person, a non-profit organization that supports the working poor in lower Fairfield County, CT. Based on the foregoing, Ms. Uniacke is experienced with financial and investment matters, which we believe makes her well qualified to serve on our Board of Directors. 
 Executive Officers who are not Directors: 
 Alex Chi. Mr. Chi is the Co-Chief executive officer and co-president of the Company and has served in such capacity since March 2022. Mr. Chi is also the Co-Chief executive officer and co-president of GS BDC, GS PMMC, GS PMMC II and PSLF. Mr. Chi is co-head of Goldman Sachs Asset Management Private Credit in the Americas. Before assuming his current role, Mr. Chi spent 25 years in Goldman Sachs s Investment Banking Division. Mr. Chi worked in the Financial and Strategic Investors Group from 2006 to 2019, managing Goldman Sachs s relationships with private equity and related portfolio company clients. Prior to that, Mr. Chi worked in Leveraged Finance, where he spent six years structuring and executing leveraged loan and high yield debt financings for corporate and private equity clients across industries. He also spent three years in Asia focused on mergers and acquisitions and corporate finance transactions. Mr. Chi was named managing director in 2006 and partner in 2012. 
 David Miller. Mr. Miller is the Co-Chief executive officer and co-president of the Company and has served in such capacity since March 2022. Mr. Miller is also the Co-Chief executive officer and co-president of GS BDC, GS PMMC, GS PMMC II and PSLF. Mr. Miller is co-head of Goldman Sachs Asset Management Private Credit in the Americas. He has spent his nearly 30-year career as an investor in middle market companies and has originated billions of dollars in commitments across all industries to companies in various stages of the lifecycle. In 2004, he co-founded Goldman Sachs s middle market origination effort investing primarily firm capital and has led that business since 2013. Prior to joining Goldman Sachs in 2004, Mr. Miller was senior vice president of originations for GE Capital, where he was responsible for structuring and originating loans in the media and telecommunications sectors. Previously, Mr. Miller was a director at SunTrust Bank, responsible for originating and managing a portfolio of middle market loans. Mr. Miller was named managing director in 2012 and partner in 2014. 
 Gabriella N. Skirnick. Ms. Skirnick is the chief operating officer of the Company and has served in such capacity since March 2022. Ms. Skirnick also is the chief operating officer of GS BDC, GS PMMC, GS PMMC II and PSLF. Ms. Skirnick is also global chief operating officer of Goldman Sachs Asset Management Private Credit. Prior to joining the Merchant Banking Division as global chief operating officer of the Private Credit investing platform in 2017, she spent six years in the Investment Banking Division in the Technology, Media and Telecom Group, where she focused on technology mergers and acquisitions, as well as in the Americas Financing Group. Ms. Skirnick joined Goldman Sachs as an analyst in the Communications, Media and Entertainment Group within the Investment Banking Division in 2000 and rejoined the firm in 2010. Before re-joining Goldman Sachs, Ms. Skirnick worked in distressed investing at Aurelius Capital Management and Perella Weinberg Partners. She was named managing director of Goldman Sachs in 2017. 
 David Pessah. Mr. Pessah is the chief financial officer, treasurer and principal financial officer of the Company and has served in such capacity since August 2022. Mr. Pessah has also served as the principal accounting officer since August 2020. Mr. Pessah is also the chief financial officer, treasurer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer of GS BDC, GS PMMC, GS PMMC II and PSLF. Mr. Pessah is a Vice President in Goldman Sachs Asset Management Private Credit. Mr. Pessah is responsible for fund accounting and financial reporting oversight as well as the continuous improvement of internal control over financial reporting. Prior to joining Goldman Sachs in September 2010, he worked in the audit practice at Ernst Young LLP. 
 Julien Yoo. Ms. Yoo is the chief compliance officer of the Company and has served in such capacity since August 2020. Ms. Yoo is also the Managing Director of GSAM Compliance, Head of the U.S. Regulatory Compliance team with GSAM Compliance, and Chief Compliance Officer of GS BDC, GS PMMC, GS PMMC II and PSLF. Ms. Yoo joined Goldman Sachs in 2013. Prior to joining Goldman Sachs, Ms. Yoo was a Vice President in the legal department of Morgan Stanley Investment Management. Prior to joining Morgan Stanley, she was an associate at Shearman Sterling, LLP and at Swidler Berlin Shereff Friedman, LLP. 
 Caroline Kraus. Ms. Kraus is the chief legal officer and secretary of the Company and has served in such capacity since August 2020. Ms. Kraus is also a Managing Director and Senior Counsel at GSAM and the chief legal officer and secretary of GS BDC, GS PMMC, GS PMMC II, and PSLF as well as various other Goldman Sachs funds. Ms. Kraus joined Goldman Sachs in 2006. Prior to joining Goldman Sachs, she was an associate at Weil, Gotshal Manges, LLP. 
 118 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Justin Betzen. Mr. Betzen is a vice president of the Company and has served in such capacity since August 2022. Mr. Betzen is also a vice president of GS BDC, GS PMMC, GS PMMC II and PSLF. He is also a managing director and senior underwriter in Goldman Sachs Asset Management Private Credit, focused on middle market lending in the Americas. He is a member of the BDC Investment Committee and the Private Credit Investment Subcommittee, which focuses on middle market lending primarily via the Goldman Sachs balance sheet. Justin initially joined Goldman Sachs in 2006 as an associate and rejoined the firm as a vice president in 2013. He was named managing director in 2019. Prior to rejoining the firm, Mr. Betzen worked at Newstone Capital Partners, focused on second lien, mezzanine and minority equity investing. Prior to initially joining Goldman Sachs, he worked at JPMorgan Chase in the Technology Corporate Banking Group, focused on software, services and payments companies. 
 Greg Watts. Mr. Watts is a vice president of the Company and has served in such capacity since August 2022. Mr. Watts is also a vice president of GS BDC, GS PMMC, GS PMMC II and PSLF. He also serves as head of underwriting and portfolio management for Goldman Sachs Asset Management Private Credit in the Americas. He has spent greater than 20 years as a credit investor in middle market companies and has overseen billions of dollars of investments from origination to exit as well as a significant amount of experience in workouts and restructurings. Mr. Watts is a member of the BDC Investment Committee and the Private Credit Investment Subcommittee, which focuses on middle market lending primarily via the Goldman Sachs balance sheet. Mr. Watts joined Goldman Sachs in 2007 and was named managing director in 2015. Prior to joining Goldman Sachs, Mr. Watts spent five years with GE Capital s Technology, Media and Telecom Finance Group as a senior vice president and risk team leader in underwriting and portfolio management. Before working at GE Capital, Mr. Watts was an associate at Investcorp International after beginning his career as an investment banking analyst in Salomon Smith Barney s Mergers and Acquisitions Group. 
 Tucker Greene. Mr. Greene is a vice president of the Company and has served in such capacity since August 2022. Mr. Greene is also a vice president of GS BDC, GS PMMC, GS PMMC II and PSLF. He is also a managing director in Goldman Sachs Asset Management Private Credit. He is focused on the firm s middle market credit investing strategies, including sourcing, structuring and managing senior credit facilities. Mr. Greene joined GSAM in 2004 in the Specialty Lending Group and was named managing director in 2021. Prior to joining GSAM, Mr. Greene worked at GE Capital. Previously, he was an associate in underwriting and portfolio management for two years within GE Capital s Media and Communications Group. 
 Jennifer Yang. Ms. Yang is a vice president of the Company and has served in such capacity since August 2022. Ms. Yang is also a vice president of GS BDC, GS PMMC, GS PMMC II and PSLF. She is also a managing director in Credit Alternatives within Goldman Sachs Asset Management, with oversight of Healthcare. She is responsible for leading and managing the healthcare investment strategy and portfolio. Ms. Yang joined Goldman Sachs in 2018 as a vice president and was named managing director in 2021. Prior to joining Goldman Sachs, Jennifer was an executive director at Varagon Capital Partners, where she was responsible for structuring, executing and managing credit investments in the healthcare sector. Previously, she was a vice president at Fifth Street Asset Management, focused on healthcare deal execution. 
 Committees of the Board of Directors 
 Audit Committee 
 The members of the Audit Committee are Karole Dill Barkley, Carlos E. Evans, Tracy Grooms, Timothy J. Leach and Richard A. Mark, each of whom is an Independent Director and meets the current independence and experience requirements of Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act and none of whom is an interested person of the Company as defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the Investment Company Act. Richard A. Mark serves as Chairperson of the Audit Committee. The Board and the Audit Committee have determined that Richard A. Mark is an audit committee financial expert, as defined in Item 407 of Regulation S-K under the Exchange Act. The Audit Committee is responsible for overseeing matters relating to the appointment and activities of our auditors, audit plans and procedures, various accounting and financial reporting issues and changes in accounting policies, and reviewing the results and scope of the audit and other services provided by our independent public accountants. The Audit Committee is also responsible for aiding the Board in fair value pricing debt and equity securities that are not publicly traded or for which current market values are not readily available. 
 The Audit Committee held six formal meetings in 2022. 
 Governance and Nominating Committee 
 The Governance and Nominating Committee members are Karole Dill Barkley, Carlos E. Evans, Tracy Grooms, Timothy J. Leach, Richard A. Mark and Kaysie Uniacke. Timothy J. Leach serves as the Chairperson of the Governance and Nominating Committee. The Governance and Nominating Committee is responsible for identifying, researching and nominating Independent Directors for election by our stockholders, when necessary, selecting nominees to fill vacancies on the Board or a committee of the Board, developing and recommending to the Board a set of corporate governance principles and overseeing the evaluation of the Board and our management. The Governance and Nominating Committee will consider nominees properly recommended by our stockholders. 
 The Governance and Nominating Committee held four formal meetings in 2022. 
 119 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Compliance Committee 
 The Compliance Committee members are Karole Dill Barkley, Carlos E. Evans, Tracy Grooms, Timothy J. Leach, Richard A. Mark and Kaysie Uniacke. Timothy J. Leach serves as Chairperson of the Compliance Committee. The Compliance Committee is responsible for overseeing our compliance processes, and insofar as they relate to services provided to us, the compliance processes of our Investment Adviser, principal underwriters, Administrator and transfer agent, except that compliance processes relating to the accounting and financial reporting processes and certain related matters are overseen by the Audit Committee. In addition, the Compliance Committee provides assistance to the full Board with respect to compliance matters. 
 The Compliance Committee held seven formal meetings in 2022. 
 Contract Review Committee 
 The Contract Review Committee members are Karole Dill Barkley, Carlos E. Evans, Tracy Grooms, Timothy J. Leach, Richard A. Mark and Kaysie Uniacke. Timothy J. Leach serves as Chairperson of the Contract Review Committee. The Contract Review Committee is responsible for overseeing the processes of the Board for reviewing and monitoring performance under our investment management, placement agency, underwriting (if any), transfer agency and certain other agreements with our Investment Adviser and its affiliates. The Contract Review Committee provides appropriate assistance to the Board in connection with the Board s approval, oversight and review of our other service providers, including our custodian/accounting agent, sub-transfer agents, placement agent, professional (legal and accounting) firms and printing firms. 
 The Contract Review Committee held one formal meeting in 2022. 
 Code of Ethics 
 We have adopted a code of ethics pursuant to Rule 17j-1 under the Investment Company Act and have also approved the Investment Adviser s code of ethics in accordance with Rule 17j-1 and Rule 204A-1 under the Advisers Act. These codes of ethics establish, among other things, procedures for personal investments and restrict certain personal securities transactions, including transactions in securities that are held by us. Personnel subject to each code may invest in securities for their personal investment accounts, so long as such investments are made in accordance with the code s requirements. Our Code of Ethics is discussed under Item 1. Business Code of Ethics and a copy of our Code of Ethics is filed as an exhibit to this annual report on Form 10-K. 
 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 
 We have adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics which applies to, among others, our co-Chief Executive Officers and Chief Financial Officer. We intend to disclose any material amendment to or waivers of required provisions of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics on a current report on Form 8-K. Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is filed as an exhibit to this annual report on Form 10-K . 
 Director Charter 
 We have adopted a Director Charter which applies to, among other things, the authority and duties of our directors, composition of our Board of Directors and the election and role of the Chairman of our Board of Directors. 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTI VE COMPENSATION. 
 Compensation of Executive Officers 
 None of our executive officers are currently compensated by us. We do not currently have any employees. Our day-to-day operations are managed by the Investment Adviser. 
 Compensation of Directors 
 Each Independent Director is currently compensated with a unitary annual fee of 100,000, which will increase to 125,000 as of January 1, 2023, for his or her services as one of our directors and as a member of the Audit Committee and Governance and Nominating Committee. Prior to July 1, 2022, each Independent Director was compensated with a unitary annual fee of 75,000. The Chairperson receives an additional 25,000 for his services in such capacity. The director designated as audit committee financial expert receives an additional 15,000 for his services in such capacity. The Independent Directors of the Board of Directors and each committee are also reimbursed for travel and other expenses incurred in connection with attending meetings. In addition, we purchase liability insurance on behalf of our directors. We may also pay the incidental costs of a director to attend training or other types of conferences relating to the BDC industry. 
 120 
 
 Table of Contents 

Total Compensation From the Company for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 (2) 

Total Compensation from the Goldman Sachs Fund Complex for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 

Interested Director 

Kaysie Uniacke (1) 

Independent Directors 

Karole Dill Barkley 

87,500 

87,500 

Carlos E. Evans 

87,500 

212,500 

Tracy Grooms 

87,500 

87,500 

Timothy J. Leach 

112,500 

237,500 

Richard A. Mark (3) 

102,500 

242,500 

(1) Kaysie Uniacke is an interested director and, as such, does not receive compensation from the Company or the Goldman Sachs Fund Complex for her service as director or trustee. 

(2) The Company does not have a profit-sharing plan, and directors do not receive any pension or retirement benefits from the Company. 

(3) Includes compensation as audit committee financial expert. 

No Compensation will be paid to directors who are interested persons, as that term is defined in the Investment Company Act. 
 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL O WNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 The following table sets forth, as of March 2, 2023, certain ownership information with respect to our Shares for those persons who directly or indirectly own, control or hold with the power to vote, five percent or more of our outstanding Shares and all executive officers and directors, on an individual and group basis. Unless otherwise indicated, the Company believes that each beneficial owner set forth in the table has sole voting and investment power over such Shares. 

Name and Address (1) 
 
 Type of Ownership 
 
 Number of Shares Owned 

Percentage 

Interested Director 

Kaysie Uniacke 
 
 Record/Beneficial 

857 

Independent Directors 

Karole Dill Barkley 
 
 Record/Beneficial 

4,386 

Carlos E. Evans 
 
 Record/Beneficial 

4,283 

Tracy Grooms 
 
 Record/Beneficial 

4,386 

Timothy J. Leach 
 
 Record/Beneficial 

4,283 

Richard A. Mark 
 
 Record/Beneficial 

4,283 

Executive Officers 

Justin Betzen 

Alex Chi 

Tucker Greene 

David Miller 

David Pessah 

Caroline Kraus 

Gabriella N. Skirnick 

Greg Watts 

Jennifer Yang 

Julien Yoo 

All officers and directors as a group (16 persons) 
 
 Record/Beneficial 

22,478 

Amount rounds to less than 1 . 

(1) 
 The business address for each of our officers and directors is c/o Goldman Sachs Middle Market Lending Corp. II, 200 West Street New York, New York 10282.The Company does not have a profit-sharing plan, and directors do not receive any pension or retirement benefits from the Company. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELAT ED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 (a)	Transactions with Related Persons; Review, Approval or Ratification of Transaction with Related Persons 
 121 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Investment Management Agreement 
 GSAM serves as our investment adviser. Our Investment Adviser has been registered as an investment adviser with the SEC since 1990 and is a subsidiary of GS Group Inc., a bank holding company. GS Co., a wholly-owned subsidiary of GS Group Inc., acted as our placement agent in connection with the offering of shares to U.S. persons and Goldman Sachs International, a wholly-owned subsidiary of GS Group Inc., acted as our placement agent in connection with the offering of shares to non-U.S. persons. 
 Subject to the supervision of the Board of Directors, the Investment Adviser provides day-to-day advice regarding the Company s portfolio transactions and is responsible for the Company s business affairs and other administrative matters. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, we paid GSAM a total of 0.24 million in fees (excluding fees that are accrued but not paid) pursuant to the Investment Management Agreement, which consisted of 0.24 million in Management Fees and no Incentive Fees. 
 License Agreement 
 The Company is party to a license agreement (the License Agreement with an affiliate of Goldman Sachs pursuant to which we have been granted a non-exclusive, royalty-free license to use the Goldman Sachs name. Under this agreement, we shall not have a right to use the Goldman Sachs name if the Investment Adviser or another affiliate of Goldman Sachs is not our Investment Adviser or if our continued use of such license results in a violation of applicable law, results in a regulatory burden or has adverse regulatory consequences. Other than with respect to this limited license, we have no legal right to the Goldman Sachs name. 
 Co-Investment Opportunities 
 In certain circumstances, we can make negotiated co-investments pursuant to an order from the SEC permitting us to do so. On November 16, 2022, the SEC granted the Relief to the Investment Adviser, the BDCs advised by the Investment Adviser and certain other affiliated applicants. Additionally, if the Investment Adviser forms other funds in the future, we may co-invest alongside such other affiliates, subject to compliance with the Relief, applicable regulations and regulatory guidance, as well as applicable allocation procedures. As a result of the Relief, there could be significant overlap in our investment portfolio and the investment portfolios of other Accounts including, in some cases, proprietary accounts of Goldman Sachs. 
 In addition, we have filed an application to amend the Relief to permit us to participate in follow-on investments in our existing portfolio companies with certain affiliates covered by the Relief if such affiliates, that are not BDCs or registered investment companies, did not have an investment in such existing portfolio company. There can be no assurance if and when we will receive the amended exemptive order. 
 For information regarding our co-investment opportunities, see Item 1. Business Allocation of Investment Opportunities. 
 Transfer Agent Agreement 
 The Company has entered into a transfer agency agreement (the Transfer Agency Agreement ), with Goldman Sachs Co. LLC, an affiliate of GSAM, pursuant to which Goldman Sachs Co. LLC, serves as the Company s transfer agent Transfer Agent ), registrar and disbursing agent. The Company pays the Transfer Agent fees at an annual rate of 0.12 of the average NAV of the Company at the end of the then-current quarter and the prior calendar quarter (and, in the case of the Company s first quarter, the Company s NAV as of such quarter-end). 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, we paid Goldman Sachs Co. LLC a total of 0.08 million in fees pursuant to the Transfer Agent Agreement. 
 Related Party Transaction Review Policy 
 The Audit Committee will conduct quarterly review any potential related party transactions brought to its attention and, during these reviews, it also considers any conflicts of interest brought to its attention pursuant to the Company s Code of Ethics. Each of our directors and executive officers will complete a questionnaire on an annual basis designed to elicit information about any potential related party transactions. 
 Director Independence 
 For information regarding the independence of our directors, see Item 10. Directors Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCO UNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 Audit Fees 
 The aggregate audit fees billed by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from October 29, 2021 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2021 were 265,000 and 165,000. 
 Fees included in the audit fees category are those associated with the annual audits of financial statements and services that are normally provided in connection with statutory and regulatory filings. 
 122 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Audit-Related Fees 
 No audit-related fees were billed by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from October 29, 2021 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2021. 
 Audit-related fees are for any services rendered to the Company that are reasonably related to the performance of the audits or reviews of the Company s financial statements (but not reported as audit fees above). These services include attestation services that are not required by statute or regulation and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. 
 The aggregate audit-related fees billed by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP to GSAM, and any entity controlling, controlled by, or under common control with, GSAM, that provides ongoing services to the Company, for engagements directly related to the Company s operations and financial reporting, for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from October 29, 2021 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2021 were 1,513,648 and 1,337,432. These amounts represent fees PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP billed to GSAM for services related to the SSAE 18 report and Goldman Sachs Co. LLC for services related to the 17Ad-13 report. 
 Tax Fees 
 No tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning fees were billed by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from October 29, 2021 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2021. 
 Fees included in the tax fees category comprise all services performed by professional staff in the independent registered public accountant s tax division except those services related to the audits. This category comprises fees for tax compliance services provided in connection with the preparation and review of the Company s tax returns. 
 No tax fees were billed by the Company s independent registered public accountant to GSAM, and any entity controlling, controlled by, or under common control with, GSAM, that provides ongoing services to the Company, for engagements directly related to the Company s operations and financial reporting, for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from October 29, 2021 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2021. 
 All Other Fees 
 No fees were billed by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP for products and services provided to the Company, other than the services reported in Audit Fees, and Tax Fees above, for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from October 29, 2021 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2021. 
 Other than services reported under Audit-Related Fees, no other fees were billed by the Company s independent registered public accountant to GSAM, and any entity controlling, controlled by, or under common control with, GSAM, that provides ongoing services to the Company, for engagements directly related to the Company s operations and financial reporting, for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from October 29, 2021 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2021. 
 Aggregate Non-Audit Fees 
 No non-audit fees were billed to the Company s investment adviser and service affiliates by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP for non-audit services for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from October 29, 2021 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2021. This includes any non-audit services required to be pre-approved or non-audit services that did not require pre-approval since they did not directly relate to the Company s operations or financial reporting. 
 Pre-Approval of Audit and Non-Audit Services Provided to the Company 
 The Audit and Non-Audit Services Pre-Approval Policy (the Policy adopted by the Audit Committee sets forth the procedures and the conditions pursuant to which services performed by an independent auditor for the Company may be pre-approved. Services may be pre-approved specifically by the Audit Committee as a whole or, in certain circumstances, by the Audit Committee Chairman or the person designated as the audit committee financial expert. In addition, subject to specified cost limitations, certain services may be pre-approved under the provisions of the Policy. The Policy provides that the Audit Committee will consider whether the services provided by an independent auditor are consistent with the SEC s rules on auditor independence. The Policy provides for periodic review and pre-approval by the Audit Committee of the services that may be provided by the independent auditor. 
 De Minimis Waiver . The pre-approval requirements of the Policy may be waived with respect to the provision of non-audit services that are permissible for an independent auditor to perform, provided (1) the aggregate amount of all such services provided constitutes no more than five percent of the total amount of revenues subject to pre-approval that was paid to the independent auditors during the fiscal year in which the services are provided; (2) such services were not recognized by the Company at the time of the engagement to be non-audit services; and (3) such services are promptly brought to the attention of the Audit Committee and approved prior to the completion of the audit by the Audit Committee or by one or more members of the Audit Committee to whom authority to grant such approvals has been delegated by the Audit Committee, pursuant to the pre-approval provisions of the Policy. 
 123 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Pre-Approval of Non-Audit Services Provided to GSAM. The Policy provides that, in addition to requiring pre-approval of audit and non-audit services provided to the Company, the Audit Committee will pre-approve those non-audit services provided to the Company s investment adviser (and entities controlling, controlled by or under common control with the investment adviser that provide ongoing services to the Company) where the engagement relates directly to the operations or financial reporting of the Company. 
 The Audit Committee has considered these fees and the nature of the services rendered, and has concluded that they are compatible with maintaining the independence of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. The Audit Committee did not approve any of the audit-related, tax, or other non-audit fees described above pursuant to the de minimis exceptions set forth in Rule 2-01(c)(7)(i)(C) and Rule 2-01(c)(7)(ii) of Regulation S-X. PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP did not provide any audit-related services, tax services or other non-audit services to GSAM or any entity controlling, controlled by or under common control with GSAM that provides ongoing services to the Company that the Audit Committee was required to approve pursuant to Rule 2-01(c)(7)(ii) of Regulation S-X. The Audit Committee considered whether the provision of non-audit services rendered to GSAM and any entity controlling, controlled by, or under common control with GSAM that provides ongoing services to the Company that were not pre-approved by the Audit Committee because the engagement did not relate directly to the operations and financial reporting of the Company is compatible with maintaining PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP s independence. 
 124 
 
 Table of Contents 
 PART IV. 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINA NCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 The following documents are filed as part of this annual report on Form 10-K: 
 (1) Financial Statements Financial statements are included in Item 8. See the Index to the Consolidated Financial Statements on page 78 of this annual report on Form 10-K. 

(2) Financial Statement Schedules None. We have omitted financial statements schedules because they are not required or are not applicable, or the required information is shown in the consolidated financial statements or notes to the consolidated financial statements included in this annual report on Form 10-K. 

(3) Exhibits The following is a list of all exhibits filed as a part of this annual report on Form 10-K, including those incorporated by reference. 

125 
 
 Table of Contents 
 INDEX TO EXHIBITS 

EXHIBIT NO. 
 
 EXHIBIT 

3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10 (File No. 000-56369), filed on November 22, 2021). 

3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Amendment No. 1 to Form 10 (File No. 000-56369), filed on January 13, 2022). 

4.1 
 
 Description of Securities 

10.1 
 
 Investment Management Agreement, dated as of November 1, 2021, between the Company and Goldman Sachs Asset Management, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10 (File No. 000-56369), filed on November 22, 2021). 

10.2 
 
 Administration Agreement, dated as of October 13, 2020, between the Company and State Street Bank and Trust Company. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10 (File No. 000-56369), filed on November 22, 2021). 

10.3 
 
 License Agreement, dated as of August 6, 2020, between the Company and Goldman Sachs Co. LLC. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10 (File No. 000-56369), filed on November 22, 2021). 

10.4 
 
 Custodian Contract, dated as of October 13, 2020, between the Company and State Street Bank and Trust Company. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10 (File No. 000-56369), filed on November 22, 2021). 

10.5 
 
 Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of November 26, 2021, between the Company, as Borrower and Bank of America, N.A., as the Administrative Agent, Lead Arranger, Sole Bookrunner, Structuring Agent, Letter of Credit Issuer, and a Lender (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Registration Statement on Amendment No. 1 to Form 10 (File No. 000-56369), filed on January 13, 2022). 

10.6 
 
 First Amendment to Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of July 26, 2022, by and among the Company, as Borrower and Bank of America, N.A., as the Administrative Agent, Lead Arranger, Sole Bookrunner, Structuring Agent, Letter of Credit Issuer, and a Lender (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 000-56369), filed on July 29, 2022). 

10.7 
 
 Second Amendment to Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of November 14, 2022, by and among the Company, as Borrower and Bank of America, N.A., as the Administrative Agent, Lead Arranger, Sole Bookrunner, Structuring Agent, Letter of Credit Issuer, and a Lender (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 000-56369), filed on November 14, 2022). 

10.8 
 
 Facility Increase Request, dated as of June 10, 2022, by and among the Company, as Borrower and Bank of America, N.A., as the Administrative Agent, Lead Arranger, Sole Bookrunner, Structuring Agent, Letter of Credit Issuer, and a Lender (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 000-56369), filed on June 15, 2022). 

14.1 
 
 Code of Ethics of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 000-56369), filed on March 4, 2022). 

14.2 
 
 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.2 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 000-56369), filed on March 4, 2022). 

24.1 
 
 Power of Attorney (included on the signature page hereto). 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Co-Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Co-Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.3 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

126 
 
 Table of Contents 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Co-Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Co-Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.3 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded with the Inline XBRL document). 

Filed herewith. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 None 
 127 
 
 Table of Contents 
 SIGNA TURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

GOLDMAN SACHS MIDDLE MARKET LENDING CORP. II 

Date: March 2, 2023 

/s/ Alex Chi 

Name: Alex Chi 

Title: Co-Chief Executive Officer and Co-President 

(Co-Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: March 2, 2023 

/s/ David Miller 

Name: David Miller 

Title: Co-Chief Executive Officer and Co-President 

(Co-Principal Executive Officer) 

Each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Alex Chi, David Miller, David Pessah and Caroline Kraus, and each of them, such person s true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, with full power of substitution and revocation, for such person and in such person s name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign one or more Annual Reports on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, and any and all amendments thereto, and to file same with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as such person might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents and each of them, or their or his substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated on March 2, 2023. 

Signature 
 
 Title 

/s/ Alex Chi Alex Chi 
 
 Co-Chief Executive Officer and Co-President (Co-Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ David Miller David Miller 
 
 Co-Chief Executive Officer and Co-President (Co-Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ David Pessah David Pessah 
 
 Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Timothy J. Leach Timothy J. Leach 
 
 Chairperson of the Board of Directors 

/s/ Karole Dill Barkley Karole Dill Barkley 
 
 Director 

/s/ Carlos E. Evans Carlos E. Evans 
 
 Director 

/s/ Tracy Grooms Tracy Grooms 
 
 Director 

/s/ Richard A. Mark Richard A. Mark 
 
 Director 

/s/ Katherine Uniacke 
 
 Director 

Katherine Uniacke 

128 

<EX-4>
 2
 ck0001865174-ex4_1.htm
 EX-4.1

EX-4 

Exhibit 4.1 
 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES 
 
 Capitalized terms used but not defined herein have the meaning ascribed to them in the annual report on Form 10-K to which this Description of Securities is an exhibit. 
 Capital Stock 
 Our authorized stock consists of 200,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.001 per share (of which 9,405,496.00 shares were outstanding as of December 31, 2022), and 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.001 per share (of which no shares were outstanding as of December 31, 2022). There are no outstanding options or warrants to purchase our stock. Under Delaware law, our stockholders will generally not be personally liable for our debts or obligations. Unless our Board of Directors determines otherwise, we will issue all shares of our capital stock in uncertificated form. 
 Common Stock 
 All shares of our common stock have equal rights as to earnings, assets, dividends and other distributions and voting and, when they are issued, will be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable. Dividends or distributions may be made or paid to the holders of our common stock if, as and when declared by our Board of Directors out of funds legally available therefor, subject to the rights of holders of shares of any series of our preferred stock then outstanding. Shares of our common stock have no exchange, conversion or redemption rights. Shares of our common stock are subject to the transfer restrictions set forth in our certificate of incorporation, as described more fully below, as well as any restrictions on transfer arising under federal and state securities laws or by contract. Following the time at which the transfer restrictions contained in our certificate of incorporation terminate, shares of our common stock will be freely transferable, except when their transfer is restricted by federal and state securities laws or by contract. In the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, each share of our common stock is entitled to share ratably in all of our assets that are legally available for distribution after we pay all debts and other liabilities and subject to any preferential rights of holders of shares of any series of our preferred stock then outstanding. For the avoidance of doubt, a merger or consolidation of the Company with or into any other corporation or other entity, or a sale or conveyance of all or any part of the assets of the Company (which shall not in fact result in the liquidation of the Company and the distribution of assets to its stockholders) shall not be deemed to be a voluntary or involuntary liquidation or dissolution or winding up of the Company. Each share of our common stock is entitled to one vote on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders generally, including the election of directors elected by a vote of stockholders generally. Except as provided with respect to any other class or series of stock, including our preferred stock, as more fully described below, the holders of our common stock possess exclusive voting power. There is no cumulative voting in the election of our Board of Directors, which means that holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of our capital stock entitled to vote in the election of such directors are entitled to elect that number of nominees equal to the number of directors to be elected by such holders, and holders of less than a majority of such shares are unable to elect one or more specific directors for any available directorship. 
 Our certificate of incorporation provides that shares of our common stock issued prior to our IPO and listing may not be transferred without our prior written consent until a date to be established by us. If an IPO and listing does not occur, our common stockholders will be prohibited from transferring their shares without our prior written consent. If we undergo a Merger, similar restrictions may be imposed on our common stock or shares of another entity received by our stockholders in connection with such transaction. While we expect not to unreasonably withhold our consent to transfers by our common stockholders, adverse tax consequences for certain of our U.S. stockholders may arise if we have fewer than 500 beneficial owners of our capital stock. Accordingly, we expect to withhold our consent if any such transfer would or may result in our having fewer than 550 beneficial owners of our capital stock. We may also require as a condition to our consent to any such transfer that the transferring stockholder retain an amount of our common stock worth at least 1,000 until the first day of our taxable year following our taxable year in which an IPO and listing, if any, occurs. 
 
 In addition, following an IPO and listing, unless we otherwise determine in our discretion to waive such restriction, those of our stockholders who purchased shares prior to the IPO and listing (including purchasers in the offering) (i) will be prohibited from transferring their shares without our prior written consent until a date to be established by us, and (ii) may be required to retain an amount of our common stock worth at least 1,000 until the first day of our taxable year following our taxable year in which our IPO and listing, if any, occurs. 
 
 Preferred Stock 
 Our certificate of incorporation authorizes our Board of Directors to create and issue one or more series of preferred stock to the extent permitted by the Investment Company Act. Prior to the issuance of shares of each series of preferred stock, our Board of Directors will be required by Delaware law and by our certificate of incorporation to establish the voting powers (full or limited, or no voting powers), and the designations, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights, and the qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, of each series of our preferred stock. Thus, to the extent permitted by the Investment Company Act, the Board of Directors could authorize the issuance of shares of a series of our preferred stock with terms and conditions which could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a transaction or a change in control that might involve a premium price for holders of our common stock or otherwise be in their best interest. 
 Any issuance of preferred stock must comply with the requirements of the Investment Company Act. The Investment Company Act requires, among other things, that (1) immediately after issuance and before any dividend or other distribution is made with respect to our common stock and before any purchase of common stock is made, such preferred stock together with all other senior securities must not exceed an amount equal to 50 of our total assets after deducting the amount of such dividend, distribution or purchase price, as the case may be, and (2) the holders of shares of preferred stock, if any are issued, must be entitled as a class voting separately to elect two directors at all times and to elect a majority of the directors if dividends on such preferred stock are in arrears by two full years or more. Certain matters under the Investment Company Act require the affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of the outstanding shares of preferred stock (as determined in accordance with the Investment Company Act), including our outstanding perpetual preferred stock, voting together as a separate class. For example, the vote of such holders of preferred stock would be required to approve a proposal involving a plan of reorganization adversely affecting such securities. 
 Transfer and Resale Restrictions; Required Transfers 
 Our common stock offered in the offering has not been registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any other jurisdiction. Accordingly, we and the Placement Agents are offering our common stock only (1) to accredited investors (as defined in Rule 501 under the Securities Act) and (2) outside the United States in compliance with Regulation S, in reliance upon exemptions from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
 Each purchaser of our common stock will be required to complete and deliver to the appropriate Placement Agent, if any, and us, prior to the acceptance of any order, a subscription agreement substantiating the purchaser s eligibility to purchase shares and including limitations on resales and transfers of our common stock. 
 We may seek to list our common stock at some point in the future, including in connection with an IPO. However, there can be no assurances as to when or whether a listing may occur. Prior to a listing, if any, purchasers of shares of our common stock (including purchasers in the offering) will be prohibited from transferring their shares without our prior written consent. In addition, purchasers of shares of our common stock prior to an IPO and listing, if any, will not be permitted to transfer their shares after the consummation of such IPO and listing, including a transfer of solely an economic interest, without our prior written consent for a period of time, which may be significant, following such IPO and listing unless we determine to waive such restriction. If we undergo a Merger, similar restrictions may be imposed on our common stock or shares of another entity received by our stockholders in connection with such transaction. While we expect not to unreasonably withhold our consent to transfers by our common stockholders, adverse tax consequences for certain of our U.S. stockholders may arise if we have fewer than 500 beneficial owners of our capital stock. Accordingly, we expect to withhold our consent if any such transfer would or may result in our having fewer than 550 beneficial owners of our capital stock. We may also require as a condition to our consent to any such transfer that the transferring stockholder retain an amount of our common stock worth at least 1,000 until the first day of our taxable year following our taxable year in which an IPO and listing, if any, occurs. We also expect to withhold consent if any such transfer would (i) be prohibited by or trigger a prepayment under our debt or other credit facilities, (ii) result in a violation of applicable securities law, (iii) result in the Company being subject to additional regulatory or compliance requirements imposed by laws other than the Exchange Act, or the Investment Company Act, or (iv) result in our assets becoming plan assets within the meaning of 29 C.F.R. 2510.3-101, as modified by Section 3(42) of the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended. 
 Additionally, to the extent we approve any transfers or the foregoing restriction lapses, investors will be subject to restrictions on resale and transfer associated with securities sold pursuant to Regulation D, Regulation S and other exemptions from registration under the Securities Act. Until such time as a transfer of our common stock is registered under the Securities Act, our common stock may be transferred only in transactions that are exempt from registration under the Securities Act and the applicable securities laws of other jurisdictions. 
 
 Any transfers of shares of our common stock in violation of the foregoing provisions will be void, and any intended recipient of our common stock will acquire no rights in such shares and will not be treated as our stockholder for any purpose. We also reserve the right to charge fees for the review and processing of any transfer requests. 
 Provisions of the DGCL and Our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws 
 Limitation on Liability of Directors and Officers; Indemnification and Advancement of Expenses 
 The indemnification of our officers and directors is governed by Section 145 of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL and our certificate of incorporation and bylaws. Section 145(a) of the DGCL empowers a corporation to indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (other than an action by or in the right of the corporation) by reason of the fact that the person is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, against expenses (including attorneys fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by the person in connection with such action, suit or proceeding if (1) such person acted in good faith, (2) in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation and (3) with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, such person had no reasonable cause to believe the person s conduct was unlawful. The termination of any action, suit or proceeding by judgment, order, settlement, conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not, of itself, create a presumption that the person did not act in good faith and in a manner which the person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had reasonable cause to believe that the person s conduct was unlawful. 
 Section 145(b) of the DGCL empowers a corporation to indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action or suit by or in the right of the corporation to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of the fact that the person is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against expenses (including attorneys fees) actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection with the defense or settlement of such action or suit if such person acted in good faith and in a manner the person reasonably believed to be in, or not opposed to, the best interests of the corporation, and except that no indemnification may be made in respect of any claim, issue or matter 
 as to which such person has been adjudged to be liable to the corporation unless and only to the extent that the Delaware Court of Chancery or the court in which such action or suit was brought determines upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, such person is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expenses which the Court of Chancery or such other court deems proper. 
 Section 145(c) of the DGCL provides that to the extent that a present or former director or officer of the corporation has been successful, on the merits or otherwise, in defense of any action, suit or proceeding referred to in subsections (a) and (b) of Section 145, or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, such person shall be indemnified against expenses (including attorneys fees) actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection with such action, suit or proceeding. 
 Section 145(d) of the DGCL provides that in all cases in which indemnification is permitted under subsections (a) and (b) of Section 145 (unless ordered by a court), it will be made by the corporation only if it is consistent with the Investment Company Act and as authorized in the specific case upon a determination that indemnification of the present or former director, officer, employee or agent is proper in the circumstances because the person to be indemnified has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in those subsections. Such determination must be made, with respect to a person who is a director or officer at the time of such determination, (1) by a majority vote of the directors who are not parties to such action, suit or proceeding, even though less than a quorum, or (2) by a committee of such directors designated by majority vote of such directors, even though less than a quorum, or (3) if there are no such directors, or if such directors so direct, by independent legal counsel in a written opinion or (4) by the stockholders. 
 Section 145(e) authorizes the corporation to pay expenses (including attorneys fees) incurred by an officer or director of the corporation in defending any civil, criminal, administrative or investigative action, suit or proceeding in advance of the final disposition of such action, suit or proceeding upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of the person to whom the advancement will be made to repay the advanced amounts if it is ultimately determined that he or she was not entitled to be indemnified by the corporation as authorized by Section 145. Section 145(e) also provides that such expenses (including attorneys fees) incurred by former directors and officers or other employees and agents of the 
 
 corporation, or persons serving at the request of the corporation as directors, officers, employees or agents of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise may be so paid upon such terms and conditions, if any, as the corporation deems appropriate. 
 Section 145(f) provides that indemnification and advancement of expenses provided by, or granted pursuant to, the other subsections of such Section are not to be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which those seeking indemnification or advancement of expenses may be entitled under any bylaw, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors, or otherwise. 
 Section 145(g) authorizes the corporation to purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of its current and former directors, officers, employees and agents (and on behalf of any person who is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise) against any liability asserted against such person and incurred by such person in any such capacity, or arising out of such person s status as such, regardless of whether the corporation would have the power to indemnify such persons against such liability under Section 145. 
 Section 102(b)(7) of the DGCL allows a corporation to provide in its certificate of incorporation a provision that limits or eliminates the personal liability of a director of the corporation to the corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director, provided that such provision may not limit or eliminate the liability of a director (1) for any breach of the director s duty of loyalty to the corporation or its stockholders, (2) for acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law, (3) under Section 174 of the DGCL, relating to unlawful payment of dividends or unlawful stock purchases or redemption of stock or (4) for any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal benefit. Our certificate of incorporation provides that our directors are not liable to us or our stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director to the fullest extent permitted by the current DGCL or as the DGCL may hereafter be amended. 
 
 Our certificate of incorporation requires us to indemnify to the full extent permitted by Section 145 of the DGCL all persons whom we may indemnify under that section. Our certificate of incorporation also provides that expenses incurred by our officers or directors in defending any action, suit or proceeding for which they may be entitled to indemnification under our certificate of incorporation shall be paid in advance of the final disposition of the action, suit or proceeding. However, any indemnification or payment or reimbursement of expenses made pursuant to such provisions of our certificate of incorporation is subject to the applicable requirements of the Investment Company Act. In addition, our bylaws provide that, except for certain proceedings initiated by our directors or officers, we must indemnify, and advance expenses to, our current and former directors and officers to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL, but provide that any indemnification or reimbursement of expenses thereunder is subject to the applicable requirements of the Investment Company Act. 
 Delaware Anti-Takeover Law 
 The DGCL contains, and our certificate of incorporation and bylaws contain, provisions that could make it more difficult for a potential acquirer to acquire us by means of a tender offer, proxy contest or otherwise. These provisions are expected to discourage certain coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids and to encourage persons seeking to acquire control of us to negotiate first with our Board of Directors. These measures may delay, defer or prevent a transaction or a change in control that might otherwise be in the best interests of our stockholders. We believe, however, that the benefits of these provisions outweigh the potential disadvantages of discouraging any such acquisition proposals because the negotiation of such proposals may improve their terms. 
 We have elected in our certificate of incorporation not to be subject to Section 203 of the DGCL, an antitakeover law. However, our certificate of incorporation contains provisions that, at any point in time in which our common stock is registered under Section 12(b) or Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act, have the same effect as Section 203, except that it exempts Group Inc. and its affiliates, and certain of its or their respective direct or indirect transferees and any group as to which such persons are a party, from the effect of those provisions. In general, these provisions will prohibit us from engaging in any business combination with any interested stockholder for a period of three years following the date that the stockholder became an interested stockholder, unless: 

prior to such time, the Board of Directors approved either the business combination or the transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder; 

upon consummation of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at least 85 of the voting stock of the corporation outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, excluding for purposes of determining the voting stock outstanding (but not the outstanding voting stock owned by the interested stockholder) those shares owned by persons who are directors and also officers of the corporation; or 

at or subsequent the such time the business combination is approved by the Board of Directors and authorized at a meeting of stockholders, and not by written consent, by at least two-thirds of the outstanding voting stock that is not owned by the interested stockholder. 

These provisions define business combination to include the following: 

any merger or consolidation involving the corporation or any direct or indirect majority-owned subsidiary of the corporation with the interested stockholder; 

any sale, lease, exchange, mortgage, pledge, transfer or other disposition (in one transaction or a series of transactions), except proportionately as a stockholder of such corporation, to or with the interested stockholder, of 10 or more of either the aggregate market value of all the assets of the corporation or the aggregate market value of all the outstanding stock of the corporation; 

subject to certain exceptions, any transaction that results in the issuance or transfer by the corporation or by any direct or indirect majority-owned subsidiary of the corporation of any stock of the corporation or of such subsidiary to the interested stockholder; 

any transaction involving the corporation or any direct or indirect majority owned subsidiary of the corporation that has the effect, directly or indirectly, of increasing the proportionate share of the stock of any class or series (or securities convertible into the stock of any class or series) of the corporation or of any such subsidiary owned by the interested stockholder, except as to immaterial changes due to fractional share adjustments or as a result of any purchase or redemption of any shares of stock not caused, directly or indirectly, by the interested stockholder; or 

the receipt by the interested stockholder of the benefit, directly or indirectly (except proportionately as a stockholder of the corporation) of any loans, advances, guarantees, pledges or other financial benefits provided by or through the corporation or any direct or indirect majority-owned subsidiary. 

In general, these provisions define an interested stockholder as any entity or person that is the beneficial owner of 15 or more of our outstanding voting stock or is an affiliate or associate of us and was the beneficial owner of 15 or more of our outstanding voting stock at any time within the three year period immediately prior to the relevant date, and the affiliates or associates of any such entity or person, but Group Inc. and its affiliates and certain of its or their respective direct or indirect transferees and any group as to which such persons are a party are excluded from the definition of interested stockholder. 
 These provisions could prohibit or delay mergers or other takeover or change in control attempts and, accordingly, may discourage attempts to acquire us. 
 Election of Directors 
 Our bylaws provide that, unless otherwise provided in our certificate of incorporation (including with respect to the special rights of holders of one or more series of our preferred stock to elect directors), our directors will be elected by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the votes cast by stockholders entitled to vote thereon present in person or by proxy at a meeting of stockholders called for the purpose of electing directors. Under our certificate of incorporation, our Board of Directors has the power to amend our bylaws, including the provisions specifying the vote required to elect directors. Under Section 216 of the DGCL, however, a bylaw amendment adopted by stockholders which specifies the votes that shall be necessary for the election of directors shall not be further amended or repealed by the Board of Directors. 
 Classified Board of Directors 
 
 Under our certificate of incorporation, subject to the special right of the holders of one or more series of preferred stock to elect additional preferred directors, all of our directors are elected annually for one year terms; provided that, immediately prior to the consummation of a listing, our directors will be divided into three classes of directors, with the classes to be as nearly equal in number as possible, serving staggered three-year terms, with the term of office of directors in only one of the three classes expiring each year. Our certificate of incorporation provides that the Board of Directors may assign members of the Board of Directors already in office to the several classes at the time the classification becomes effective. As a result, approximately one-third of such directors will then be elected each year. A classified board may render a change in control of us or removal of our incumbent management more difficult. We believe, however, that, if we become a public company, the longer time required to elect a majority of a classified Board of Directors will help to ensure the continuity and stability of our management and policies. 
 Number of Directors; Removal; Vacancies 
 Our certificate of incorporation provides that, subject to any rights of holders of one or more series of preferred stock to elect additional preferred directors, the total number of directors will be fixed from time to time exclusively pursuant to a resolution adopted by the Board of Directors. Under the DGCL, unless the certificate of incorporation provides otherwise (which our certificate of incorporation will not), directors on a classified board may be removed only for cause. Prior to the time at which our directors are classified, any of our directors may be removed, with or without cause, by the holders of a majority in voting power of the outstanding shares of our capital stock entitled to elect such directors. Our certificate of incorporation provides that, once our directors are divided into classes serving staggered three-year terms, such directors may only be removed for cause, and only upon the affirmative vote of holders of at least two-thirds of the outstanding shares entitled to vote generally in the election of directors. Under our certificate of incorporation, subject to the applicable requirements of the Investment Company Act and the rights of the holders of one or more series of preferred stock, any vacancy on the Board of Directors 
 resulting from the death, resignation, retirement, removal or disqualification of a director or other cause, or any vacancy resulting from an increase in the number of directors, may be filled only by vote of a majority of the directors then in office, even though less than a quorum or by a sole remaining director; provided that when the holders of any class or series of our stock are entitled under the certificate of incorporation to elect directors, vacancies in directorships elected by such class, classes or series may be filled by a majority of the remaining directors so elected. Any such limitations on the ability of our stockholders to remove directors and fill vacancies could make it more difficult for a third-party to acquire, or discourage a third-party from seeking to acquire, control of us. 
 Action by Stockholders 
 Our certificate of incorporation provides that our stockholders will be able to take action by written consent, provided that, upon the consummation of a listing, stockholder action will only be able to be taken at an annual or special meeting of stockholders and may not be taken by written consent of stockholders in lieu of a meeting. This may have the effect of delaying consideration of a stockholder proposal until the next annual meeting. 
 Advance Notice Provisions for Stockholder Nominations and Stockholder Proposals 
 Our bylaws provide that with respect to an annual meeting of stockholders after the consummation of a listing, nominations of persons for election to the Board of Directors and the proposal of other business to be considered by stockholders may be made only (1) by or at the direction of the Board of Directors (or a duly authorized committee thereof), (2) pursuant to our notice of meeting or (3) by a stockholder who is entitled to vote at the meeting and who has complied with the advance notice procedures of the bylaws. For any nomination or business proposal to be properly brought by a stockholder for a meeting after the consummation of a listing, such stockholder will have to comply with advance notice requirements and provide us with certain information. Generally, to be timely, a stockholder s notice must be received at our principal executive offices not less than 90 days nor more than 120 days prior to the first anniversary date of the immediately preceding annual meeting of stockholders. Our bylaws will specify requirements as to the form and content of any such stockholder s notice. Our bylaws will also allow the presiding officer at a meeting of the stockholders to adopt rules and regulations for the conduct of meetings which may have the effect of precluding the conduct of certain business at a meeting if the rules and regulations are not followed. Our bylaws will further provide that, from and after the consummation of a listing, nominations of persons for election to the Board of Directors at a special meeting may be made only by or at the direction of the Board of Directors, and provided that the Board of Directors has determined that directors will be elected at the meeting, by a stockholder who is entitled to vote at the meeting and who has complied with the advance notice provisions of the bylaws. 
 
 The purpose of requiring stockholders to give us advance notice of nominations and other business after a listing is to afford our Board of Directors a meaningful opportunity to consider the qualifications of the proposed nominees and the advisability of any other proposed business and, to the extent deemed necessary or desirable by our Board of Directors, to inform stockholders and make recommendations about such qualifications or business, as well as to provide a more orderly procedure for conducting meetings of stockholders. Although our bylaws will not give our Board of Directors any power to disapprove stockholder nominations for the election of directors or proposals recommending certain action that are made in compliance with applicable advance notice procedures, they may have the effect of precluding a contest for the election of directors or the consideration of stockholder proposals if proper procedures are not followed and of discouraging or deterring a third party from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect its own slate of directors or to approve its own proposal without regard to whether consideration of such nominees or proposals might be harmful or beneficial to us and our stockholders. 
 Stockholder Meetings 
 Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws provide that any action required or permitted to be taken by stockholders at an annual meeting or special meeting of stockholders may only be taken if it is properly brought before such meeting. From and after the consummation of a listing, if any, stockholders at an annual meeting may only consider proposals or nominations specified in the notice of meeting or brought before the meeting by or at the direction of the Board of Directors, or by a stockholder of record on the record date for the meeting who is entitled to vote at the meeting and who has delivered timely written notice in proper form to the secretary of the stockholder s intention to bring such business before the meeting. These provisions could have the effect of delaying until the next stockholder meeting stockholder actions that are favored by the holders of a majority of our outstanding voting securities. 
 Calling of Special Meetings of Stockholders 
 Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws provide that special meetings of stockholders may be called by our Board of Directors, the Chairperson of the Board and our chief executive officer, and not by any other person. 
 Amendments to the Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws 
 Section 242 of the DGCL generally provides any amendment to the certificate of incorporation must be approved and declared advisable by the Board of Directors and adopted by the affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of capital stock entitled to vote thereon, and by a majority of the outstanding stock of each class entitled to vote thereon as a class. Section 109 of the DGCL provides that, after a corporation has received payment for its capital stock, the power to adopt, amend or repeal the bylaws shall be in the stockholders entitled to vote, but any corporation may, in its certificate of incorporation, confer the power to adopt, amend or repeal bylaws upon the directors. Our certificate of incorporation provides our Board of Directors with such power. The DGCL provides that the certificate of incorporation may contain provisions requiring for any corporate action the vote of a larger portion of the stock or of any class or series thereof than is required by the DGCL. Our certificate of incorporation provides that the following provisions, among others, may be amended by our stockholders only by a vote of at least two-thirds of the outstanding shares of our capital stock entitled to vote thereon: 

the provisions regarding the classification of our Board of Directors; 

the provisions specifying the percentage of votes required to remove directors for cause; 

the provisions limiting stockholder action by written consent; 

the provisions regarding the calling of special meetings; 

the provisions regarding the number of directors and filling vacancies on our Board of Directors and newly created directorships; 

the provision requiring a supermajority vote to amend our bylaws; 

the limitation of directors personal liability to us or our stockholders for breach of fiduciary duty as a director; 

the provisions regarding indemnification and advancement of expenses under our certificate of incorporation; 

the provision regarding restrictions on business combinations with interested stockholders; and 

the amendment provision requiring that the above provisions be amended only with a two-thirds supermajority vote. 

Our bylaws are able to be amended by approval of (i) a majority of the total number of authorized directors or (ii) the affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds of the outstanding shares of our capital stock entitled to vote thereon. 
 Conflict with Investment Company Act 
 Our bylaws provide that, if and to the extent that any provision of the DGCL or any provision of our certificate of incorporation or bylaws conflicts with any provision of the Investment Company Act, the applicable provision of the Investment Company Act will control. 

</EX-4>

<EX-31>
 3
 ck0001865174-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CO-CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 UNDER SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Alex Chi, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Goldman Sachs Middle Market Lending Corp. II; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 2, 2023 

/s/ Alex Chi 

Alex Chi Co-Chief Executive Officer and Co-President (Co-Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 4
 ck0001865174-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF CO-CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 UNDER SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, David Miller, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Goldman Sachs Middle Market Lending Corp. II; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 2, 2023 

/s/ David Miller 

David Miller Co-Chief Executive Officer and Co-President (Co-Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 5
 ck0001865174-ex31_3.htm
 EX-31.3

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.3 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 UNDER SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, David Pessah, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Goldman Sachs Middle Market Lending Corp. II; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 2, 2023 

/s/ David Pessah 

David Pessah Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 6
 ck0001865174-ex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.1 
 Certification of Co-Chief Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to 
 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Goldman Sachs Middle Market Lending Corp. II (the Company for the annual period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), Alex Chi, as co-Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of his knowledge: 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date: March 2, 2023 

/s/ Alex Chi 

Alex Chi Co-Chief Executive Officer and Co-President (Co-Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32>

<EX-32>
 7
 ck0001865174-ex32_2.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.2 
 Certification of Co-Chief Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to 
 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Goldman Sachs Middle Market Lending Corp. II (the Company for the annual period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), David Miller, as co-Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of his knowledge: 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date: March 2, 2023 

/s/ David Miller 

David Miller Co-Chief Executive Officer and Co-President (Co-Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32>

<EX-32>
 8
 ck0001865174-ex32_3.htm
 EX-32.3

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.3 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer 
 Pursuant to 
 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Goldman Sachs Middle Market Lending Corp. II (the Company for the annual period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), David Pessah, as Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of his knowledge: 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date: March 2, 2023 

/s/ David Pessah 

David Pessah Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 ck0001865174-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 ck0001865174-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 ck0001865174-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 ck0001865174-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

