<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230224_10-K_edgar_data_1559865_0001559865-23-000007.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>14989705</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>415742</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2457828</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4774965</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3721064</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3359150</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001559865-23-000007.hdr.sgml : 20230224
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230224161102
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001559865-23-000007
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		140
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230224
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230224

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			EVERTEC, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001559865
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROCESSING & DATA PREPARATION [7374]
		IRS NUMBER:				660783622
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			PR
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35872
		FILM NUMBER:		23667241

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		CUPEY CENTER BUILDING
		STREET 2:		ROAD 176, KM 1.3
		CITY:			RIO PIEDRAS
		STATE:			PR
		ZIP:			00926
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(787) 759-9999

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		PO BOX 364527
		CITY:			SAN JUAN
		STATE:			PR
		ZIP:			00936-4527

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001559865-23-000007.txt : 20230224

10-K
 1
 evtc-20221231.htm
 10-K

evtc-20221231 
 
 Table of Contents 

 UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, DC 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 or TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 Commission File Number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. employer identification number) (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.: 
 Accelerated filer 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C.7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrants's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the common stock held by non-affiliates of EVERTEC, Inc. was approximately based on the closing price of 36.88 as of the close of business on June 30, 2022. 
 As of February 21, 2023, there were outstanding shares of common stock of EVERTEC, Inc. 
 Documents Incorporated by Reference: 

Table of Contents 

 EVERTEC, Inc. 
 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page Part I 
 Item 1 Business 
 4 
 Item 1A Risk Factors 
 15 
 Item 1B Unresolved Staff Comments 
 29 
 Item 2 Properties 
 30 
 Item 3 Legal Proceedings 
 30 
 Item 4 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 30 
 Part II 
 Item 5 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 31 
 Item 6 [Reserved] 
 33 
 Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 34 
 Item 7A Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risks 
 48 
 Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 50 
 Item 9 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 50 
 Item 9A Controls and Procedures 
 50 
 Item 9B Other Information 
 50 
 Item 9C Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 50 
 Part III 
 Item 10 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 51 
 Item 11 Executive Compensation 
 54 
 Item 12 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 55 
 Item 13 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 55 
 Item 14 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 55 
 Part IV 
 Item 15 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 56 
 Item 16 Form 10-K Summary 
 50 Signatures 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of, and subject to the protection of, the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. We intend such forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). All statements other than statements of historical fact contained in this Report, including, without limitation, statements regarding our future results of operations and financial position; our business strategies; objectives of management for future operations; our expected growth; the sufficiency of our cash and cash equivalents; and our future capital expenditures and debt service obligations, are forward-looking statements. 
 
 Such statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as believes, expects, may, estimates, will, should, plans or anticipates or the negative thereof or other variations thereon or comparable terminology, or by discussions of strategy, though not all forward-looking statements use these words or expressions.. Readers are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are neither guarantees nor promises of future performance and may involve significant risks and uncertainties, and that actual results may differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. Among the factors that significantly impact our business and could impact our business in the future are: 
 
 our reliance on our relationship with Popular, Inc. Popular for a significant portion of our revenues pursuant to our second amended and restated Master Services Agreement MSA with them, and as it may impact our ability to grow our merchant acquiring business; 
 our ability to renew our client contracts on terms favorable to us, including but not limited to the current term and any extension of the MSA with Popular; 
 our dependence on our processing systems, technology infrastructure, security systems and fraudulent payment detection systems, as well as on our personnel and certain third parties with whom we do business, and the risks to our business if our systems are hacked or otherwise compromised; 
 our ability to develop, install and adopt new software, technology and computing systems; 
 a decreased client base due to consolidations or failures in the financial services industry; 
 the credit risk of our merchant clients, for which we may also be liable; 
 the continuing market position of the ATH network; 
 a reduction in consumer confidence, whether as a result of a global economic downturn or otherwise, which leads to a decrease in consumer spending; 
 our dependence on credit card associations, including any adverse changes in credit card association or network rules or fees; 
 changes in the regulatory environment and changes in macroeconomic, market, international, legal, tax, political, or administrative conditions, including inflation or the risk of recession; 
 the geographical concentration of our business in Puerto Rico, including our business with the government of Puerto Rico and its instrumentalities, which are facing severe political and fiscal challenges; 
 additional adverse changes in the general economic conditions in Puerto Rico, whether as a result of the government s debt crisis or otherwise, including the continued migration of Puerto Ricans to the U.S. mainland, which could negatively affect our customer base, general consumer spending, our cost of operations and our ability to hire and retain qualified employees; 
 operating an international business in Latin America and the Caribbean, in jurisdictions with potential political and economic instability; 
 the impact of foreign exchange rates on operations; 
 our ability to protect our intellectual property rights against infringement and to defend ourselves against claims of infringement brought by third parties; 
 our ability to comply with U.S. federal, state, local and foreign regulatory requirements; 
 evolving industry standards and adverse changes in global economic, political and other conditions; 
 our level of indebtedness and the impact of rising interest rates, restrictions contained in our debt agreements, including the secured credit facilities, as well as debt that could be incurred in the future; 
 our ability to prevent a cybersecurity attack or breach to our information security; 
 the possibility that we could lose our preferential tax rate in Puerto Rico; 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 the possibility of future catastrophic hurricanes, earthquakes and other potential natural disasters affecting our main markets in Latin America and the Caribbean; 
 the elimination of Popular's ownership of our common stock; and 
 the other factors set forth under "Part 1, Item 1A. Risk Factors," in this Report. 
 . 
 The forward-looking statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are only predictions. We have based these forward-looking statements largely on our current expectations and projections about future events and financial trends that we believe may affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements, and should, therefore, be considered in light of various factors, including those set forth under Item 1A. Risk Factors, in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and elsewhere in this Report. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this Report, and, except as may be required by law, we do not undertake any obligation to publicly release any revisions to these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this Report or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events . 
 WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION 
 
 All reports we file with the SEC are available free of charge via the Electronic Data Gathering Analysis and Retrieval (EDGAR) System on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. We also provide copies of our SEC filings at no charge upon request and make electronic copies of our reports available for download through our website at www.evertecinc.com as soon as reasonably practicable after filing such material with the SEC. 

2 

Table of Contents 

 INDUSTRY AND MARKET DATA 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K includes industry data that we obtained from periodic industry publications, including the September 2022 Nilson Report and the 2022 World Payments Report. Industry publications generally state that the information contained therein has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable. This Annual Report on Form 10-K also includes market share and industry data that were prepared primarily based on management s knowledge of the industry and industry data. Unless otherwise noted, statements as to our market share and market position relative to our competitors are approximated and based on management estimates using the above-mentioned latest-available third-party data and our internal analysis and estimates. While we are not aware of any misstatements regarding any industry data presented herein, our estimates, in particular as they relate to market share and our general expectations, involve risks and uncertainties and are subject to change based on various factors, including those discussed under Risk Factors, Forward-Looking Statements and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 Part I 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 
 Except as otherwise indicated or unless the context otherwise requires, (a) the terms EVERTEC, we, us, our, our Company and the Company refer to EVERTEC, Inc. and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, (b) the term Holdings refers to EVERTEC Intermediate Holdings, LLC, but not any of its subsidiaries and (c) the term EVERTEC Group refers to EVERTEC Group, LLC and its predecessor entities and their subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. EVERTEC Inc. s subsidiaries include Holdings, EVERTEC Group, EVERTEC Dominicana, SAS, Evertec Chile Holdings SpA (formerly known as Tecnopago SpA), Evertec Chile SpA (formerly known as EFT Group SpA), Evertec Chile Global SpA (formerly known as EFT Global Services SpA), Evertec Chile Servicios Profesionales SpA (formerly known as EFT Servicios Profesionales SpA), EFT Group S.A., Tecnopago Espa a SL, Paytrue S.A., Caleidon, S.A., Evertec Brasil Inform tica Ltda. (formerly known as Paytrue Solutions Inform tica Ltda.), EVERTEC Panam , S.A., EVERTEC Costa Rica, S.A. EVERTEC CR ), EVERTEC Guatemala, S.A., Evertec Colombia, SAS (formerly known as Processa, SAS), EVERTEC USA, LLC, Evertec Placetopay, SAS (formerly known as EGM Ingenier a sin Fronteras, S.A.S. PlacetoPay )), BBR, SpA, BBR Per , S.A.C. and EVERTEC M xico Servicios de Procesamiento, S.A. de C.V. Neither EVERTEC nor Holdings conducts any operations other than with respect to its indirect or direct ownership of EVERTEC Group. 
 
 Company Overview 
 
 EVERTEC is a leading full-service transaction-processing business in Puerto Rico, the Caribbean and Latin America, providing a broad range of merchant acquiring, payment services and business process management services. According to the September 2022 Nilson Report, we are one of the largest merchant acquirers in Latin America based on total number of transactions and we believe we are the largest merchant acquirer in the Caribbean. We serve 26 countries out of 12 offices, including our headquarters in Puerto Rico. We own and operate the ATH network, which we believe is one of the leading personal identification number PIN debit networks in Latin America. We process over six billion transactions annually and manage a system of electronic payment networks in Puerto Rico and Latin America and offer a comprehensive suite of services for core banking, cash processing, and fulfillment in Puerto Rico. Additionally, we offer technology outsourcing and payment transactions fraud monitoring to all the regions we serve. We serve a diversified customer base of leading financial institutions, merchants, corporations, and government agencies with mission-critical technology solutions that enable them to issue, process and accept transactions securely. We believe our business is well-positioned to continue to expand across the fast-growing Latin American region. 
 
 We are differentiated, in part, by our diversified business model, which enables us to provide our varied customer base with a broad range of transaction-processing services from a single source across numerous channels and geographic markets. We believe this capability provides several competitive advantages that will enable us to continue to penetrate our existing customer base with complementary new services, win new customers, develop new sales channels, and enter new markets. We believe these competitive advantages include: 
 
 Our ability to provide competitive products; 
 Our ability to provide in one package a range of services that traditionally had to be sourced from different vendors; 
 Our ability to leverage proprietary IP that enables us to be nimble and flexible when it comes to client requirements; 
 Our ability to put forth Spanish speaking developers in front of our Spanish speaking customers making communication much more effective and integrations more efficient; 
 Our ability to serve customers with disparate operations across several geographies with technology solutions that enable them to manage their business as one enterprise; and 
 Our ability to capture and analyze data across the transaction-processing value chain and use that data to provide value-added services that are differentiated from those offered by pure-play vendors that serve only one portion of the transaction-processing value chain (such as only merchant acquiring or payment services). 
 
 Our broad suite of services spans the entire transaction-processing value chain and includes a range of front-end customer-facing solutions such as the electronic capture and authorization of transactions at the point-of-sale, as well as back-end support services such as the clearing and settlement of transactions and account reconciliation for card issuers. These include: (i) merchant acquiring services, which enable point of sales POS and e-commerce merchants to accept and process electronic methods of payment such as debit, credit, prepaid and electronic benefit transfer EBT cards; (ii) payment processing services, which enable financial institutions and other issuers to manage, support and facilitate the processing for credit, debit, prepaid, automated teller machines ATM and EBT card programs; and (iii) business process management solutions, which provide mission-critical technology solutions such as core bank processing, as well as IT outsourcing and cash management services to financial institutions, corporations and governments. We provide these services through scalable, end-to-end 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 technology platforms that we manage and operate in-house and that generate significant operating efficiencies that enable us to maximize profitability. 
 
 We sell and distribute our services primarily through a proprietary direct sales force with established customer relationships. We continue to pursue joint ventures and merchant acquiring alliances. We benefit from an attractive business model, the hallmarks of which are recurring revenue, scalability, significant operating margins, and moderate capital expenditure requirements. Our revenue is predominantly recurring in nature because of the mission-critical and embedded nature of the services we provide. In addition, we generally negotiate multi-year contracts with our customers. We believe our business model should enable us to continue to grow our business organically in the primary markets we serve without significant incremental capital expenditures. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, approximately 39 of our revenue was generated from our relationship with Popular, Inc. (Nasdaq: BPOP) Popular ). The revenue concentration with Popular makes our MSA with them our most significant client contract. 
 
 See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Relationship with Popular. 
 
 Industry Trends 
 
 Accelerated Shift to Digital Payment Methods 
 
 In recent years, consumer preference has accelerated its shift away from cash and paper payment methods, noting increased demand for omni-channel payment services that facilitate cashless and contactless transactions. The ongoing migration to digital payment methods continues to benefit the transaction-processing industry globally. Technologies such as contactless payments, tap-on-phone, mobile commerce, e-wallets and advanced and smart POS devices continue to drive the shift away from cash and other traditional payment methods. The Company has benefited from an increase in transaction volumes for these types of payment solutions. As consumers and merchants increase demand for contactless and mobility-based solutions, the Company has continued to innovate and invest, expanding the footprint and functionality of digital solutions such as Placetopay (e-commerce gateway), our wallet ATH Movil and ATH Business, and Paystudio our issuing and acquiring processing platform. We believe that the ongoing shift to digital payments will continue to generate substantial growth opportunities for our business. 
 
 The digital payments space is experiencing rapid and disruptive technological innovation which was accelerated by the COVID-19 pandemic and the resulting shift in consumer preferences and merchant demands. 
 
 Fast Growing Latin American and Caribbean Financial Services and Payments Markets 
 
 As a result of the pandemic, consumer preference for non-cash payment methods accelerated between 2020 and 2022 in the markets in which we operate. Innovation and the introduction of new payment methods, such as digital wallets and QR codes, has also boosted the use of non-cash methods of payment. Non-cash transaction volumes in Latin America have grown from 40.7 billion in 2016 to 65.9 billion in 2021 according to the 2022 World Payments report and are expected reach approximately 99 billion in 2026. In Latin America, particularly in Brazil, Peru and Colombia, the successful adoption of instant payments is considered one of the key drivers. Latin America is one of the fastest-growing mobile markets globally, with a growing base of tech-savvy customers that demonstrate a preference for credit cards, digital wallets, contactless payments, and other value-added offerings. On the business to business front, non-cash transactions in Latin America grew from 15.5 billion in 2020 to 17.3 billion in 2021 and are expected to grow from 2021 through 2026 at a compound annual growth of 12.8 to 31.6 billion. The region s FinTech sector is driving change via new contactless payment technologies that are becoming popular alternatives to cash payments. We continue to believe that the attractive characteristics of our markets and our position across multiple services and sectors will continue to drive growth and profitability in our businesses. 
 
 Ongoing Technology Outsourcing Trends 
 
 We benefit from the trend of financial institutions and government agencies outsourcing technology systems and processes. Financial institutions globally are facing significant challenges including the entrance of non-traditional competitors, the compression of margins on traditional products, significant channel proliferation and increasing regulation that could potentially curb profitability. Many of these institutions have traditionally fulfilled their IT needs through legacy computer systems, operated by the institution itself. Legacy systems are generally highly proprietary, inflexible, and costly to operate and maintain. Many medium and small-size institutions in the Latin American markets in which we operate have outdated computer 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 systems and updating these legacy systems is financially and logistically challenging, which presents a business opportunity for the Company. 
 
 Our Competitive Strengths 
 
 Market Leadership in Latin America and the Caribbean 
 
 We believe we have an inherent competitive advantage relative to competitors based on our first-hand knowledge of the Latin American and Caribbean markets and technology needs, language, and culture. We have built leadership positions across the transaction-processing value chain and the financial technology space in the key geographic markets that we serve, which we believe will enable us to continue to penetrate our core markets and provide advantages to enter new ones. As per the September 2022 Nilson Report, we are one of the largest merchant acquirers in Latin America based on total number of transactions. We own and operate the ATH network, which we believe is one of the leading PIN debit networks in Latin America. According to management s estimates, ATH branded products are the most frequently used electronic method of payment in Puerto Rico. Our scale and customer base of top tier financial institutions and government entities ensures we are the leading card issuer and core bank processors in the Caribbean and the only non-bank provider of cash processing services to the U.S. Federal Reserve in the Caribbean. We believe our competitive position and brand recognition increases card acceptance, driving usage of our proprietary network, and presents opportunities for future strategic relationships. 
 
 Broad and Deep Customer Relationships and Recurring Revenue Business Model 
 
 We have built a strong and long-standing portfolio of financial institution, merchant, fintech, corporate and government customers across Latin America and the Caribbean, which provides us with a reliable, recurring revenue base and powerful references that have helped us expand into new channels and geographic markets. Our Payment Services - Puerto Rico Caribbean, Payment Services - Latin America and Merchant Acquiring segments, as well as certain business lines representing the majority of our business solutions segment, generate revenue that is mostly recurring in nature and accounted for the majority of the revenue recognized in 2022. We receive recurring revenues from services based on our customers on-going daily commercial activity such as processing loans, hosting accounts and information on our servers, and processing everyday payments at grocery stores, gas stations and similar establishments. We generally provide these services under one to five-year contracts, often with automatic renewals. We also provide a few project-based services that generate non-recurring revenues in our business solutions segment and our Payment Services - Latin America segment, such as IT consulting for a specific project or integration or one-time license sales. Additionally, we provide a number of critical payment services, core baking services and business solutions products and services to Popular as part of the A R MSA through September 2028 and benefit from the bank s distribution network and continued support. Through our long-standing and diverse customer relationships, we can gain valuable insight into trends in the marketplace that allows us to identify new market opportunities. In addition, we believe the recurring nature of our business model provides us with revenue and earnings stability. 
 
 Highly Scalable, End-to-End Technology Platform 
 
 Our diversified business model is supported by our scalable, end-to-end technology platforms that allow us to provide a broad range of transaction-processing services and develop and deploy technology solutions to our customers at low incremental costs and increasing operating efficiencies. We have spent over 282 million over the last five years on technology investments, including POS terminals, enhancements to the functionality and capacity of our platforms and we have been able to achieve attractive economies of scale with flexible product development capabilities. We believe that our platforms will allow us to provide differentiated services to our customers and facilitate further expansion into new sales channels and geographic markets. 
 
 Experienced Management Team with a Strong Track Record of Execution 
 
 We have grown our revenue organically by introducing new products and services and expanding our geographic footprint throughout Latin America. We have a proven track record of creating value from operational and technology improvements and capitalizing on cross-selling opportunities. EVERTEC s management team brings many years of industry experience, with long-standing leadership at the operating business level and collectively benefits from an average of over 20 years of industry experience. We believe our leadership team is well positioned to continue to drive growth across business lines and regions. 

6 

Table of Contents 

 Our Growth Strategy 
 
 We intend to grow our business by continuing to execute on the following business strategies: 
 
 Continue Cross-Sales to Existing Customers 
 
 We seek to grow revenue by continuing to sell additional products and services to our existing merchant, financial institution, corporate and government customers. We intend to broaden and deepen our customer relationships by leveraging our full suite of end-to-end technology solutions. We have been successful exporting our regional products to the markets in which we operate, tailoring to the specific needs and regulatory environments of each. We continue to believe that there is opportunity to cross-sell our payment gateway product; card issuing and acquiring platforms and services; network services; ATM and point-of-sale processing services, and payment and collection platforms, and our risk management products to existing financial institution customers. We will also seek to continue to cross-sell value-added services into our existing client base. 
 
 Leverage Our Franchise to Attract New Customers in the Markets We Currently Serve 
 
 We intend to attract new customers by leveraging our comprehensive product and services offering, the strength of our brand and our leading end-to-end technology platform. Furthermore, we believe we are well positioned to develop new products and services and to take advantage of our access to and position in markets we currently serve. For example, in markets we serve outside of Puerto Rico, we believe there is a good opportunity to penetrate small to medium and some larger financial institutions, fintech companies and medium to large retailers with our products and services. 
 
 Expand in the Latin America Region 
 
 We believe there is an opportunity to expand our businesses in Latin America, both organically through new business wins and inorganically through mergers and acquisitions. We believe that we have a competitive advantage relative to our peers based on our first-hand knowledge of the Latin American and Caribbean markets and their technological needs, our physical presence in the region, language, and culture. We believe significant growth opportunities exist in several large markets such as Brazil, Colombia, M xico, and Chile, as well as in smaller markets in Central America where expanding our presence could have a significant impact on our growth. We also believe that there is an opportunity to provide our services to existing fintech and financial institution customers in other regions where they operate. We continually evaluate our strategic plans for geographic expansion, which can be achieved through joint ventures, partnerships, or alliances and the pursuit of business acquisitions. 
 
 Develop New Products and Services 
 
 At the core of EVERTEC s value proposition is innovation. We must take advantage of the changing consumer and market dynamics and build innovative solutions for our clients. Our close relationship with customers and deep understanding of the markets where we operate, together with a proprietary intellectual property around our products and offerings, allow EVERTEC to continuously explore and develop new products and services that tend to our customer s needs. 
 
 We plan to continue investing and growing our merchant, financial institution, fintech, corporate and government customer base by investing in core products, including (i) processing platforms, such as Paystudio, (ii) data and fraud management solutions, such as Risk Center, Scudo and 3DS, (iii) merchant capture channels, such as ATH Movil for person-to-person, and person-to-merchant digital transactions, pvot for Smart POS and Placetopay for card-not-present and omni-channel experiences. We also invest in value-added services such as API enablement, tokenization, loyalty, digital on-boarding, and predictive models. We intend to continue to focus on these and other new product opportunities to take advantage of our leadership position in the transaction-processing and financial services industry in the Latin American and Caribbean region. 
 
 Our Business 
 
 We offer our customers end-to-end products and solutions across the transaction-processing value chain from a single source across numerous channels and geographic markets, as further described below. 

7 

Table of Contents 

 Merchant Acquiring 
 
 Our merchant acquiring business provides services to merchants that allow them to accept electronic methods of payment such as debit, credit, prepaid and EBT cards carrying the ATH, Visa, MasterCard, Discover and American Express brands. We offer a full suite of merchant acquiring services that include, but is not limited to, the underwriting of each merchant s contract, the deployment and rental of POS devices and other equipment necessary to capture merchant transactions, the processing of transactions at the point-of-sale, processing of transactions digitally through our online payment gateway, the settlement of funds with the participating financial institution, detailed sales reports, and customer support. We also offer integrated and semi-integrated payment solutions to our merchants, which either connect to or convert their existing cash registers into points-of-sale that allow them to capture payment transactions using EVERTEC rails, consolidating payment transactions in a single device. In 2022, our merchant acquiring business processed over 500 million transactions. 
 
 Payment Services 
 
 We provide financial institutions and fintechs with processing, network and financial technology solutions and we believe we are the largest card processor and card network service provider in the Caribbean. Our main service offerings include authorization, switching, settlement, issuer credit and debit card processing, acquiring processing, and management and monitoring of ATMs and POS. At the point-of-sale, we sell transaction-processing technology solutions, similar to the services in our merchant acquiring business, to other merchant acquirers enabling them to service their own merchant customers. Additionally, through our payment gateway, we allow merchants to capture and process digital transactions. We also offer terminal driving solutions to merchants, merchant acquirers (including our merchant acquiring business) and financial institutions, which provide the technology to securely operate, manage and monitor POS terminals and ATMs. We also rent POS devices to financial institution customers who seek to deploy them across their own businesses. For our processing services, revenues are primarily driven by the number of transactions processed and the number of accounts on file / system (card accounts in the case of Issuers, merchant accounts in the case of Acquirers). These services provide our clients with the technology necessary to facilitate the processing and routing of payments across the transaction-processing value chain. We also provide value adding services for payment transactions such as fraud monitoring, management and control. 
 
 To enable financial institutions, governments and other businesses to issue and operate a range of payment products and services, we offer an array of card processing and other payment technology services, such as internet and mobile banking software services, bill payment systems and EBT solutions. Financial institutions and certain retailers outsource to us certain card processing services such as card issuance, processing card applications, cardholder account maintenance, transaction authorization and posting, high volume payment processing fraud and risk management services, and settlement. Our payment products include electronic check processing, automated clearing house ACH ), lockbox, online, interactive voice response and web-based payments through personalized websites, among others. 
 
 To connect the merchants to card issuers, we own and operate the ATH network, which we believe is one of the leading PIN debit networks in Latin America. The ATH network connects the merchant or merchant acquirer to the card issuer and enables transactions to be routed or switched across the transaction-processing value chain. The ATH network offers the technology, communications standards, rules and procedures, security and encryption, funds settlement and common branding that allow consumers, merchants, merchant acquirers, ATMs, card issuer processors and card issuers to conduct commerce seamlessly, across a variety of channels, similar to the services provided by Visa and MasterCard. We also own and operate ATH Movil and ATH Business which is an ATH network product that allows individuals to (i) transfer money instantly to individuals and merchants using only their phone number, and (ii) transfer money between an individual s registered cards. ATH Business enables businesses through the download of the application to accept payments instantly for their services or products from individuals with ATH Movil in real time and to donate to non-profit organizations. 
 
 Our EBT application allows certain agencies to deliver government benefits to participants through a magnetic card system in Puerto Rico. 
 
 Business Solutions 
 
 We provide our financial institutions, corporate and government customers with a wide suite of business process management solutions including core bank processing, network hosting and management, IT consulting, business process outsourcing, item and cash processing, and fulfillment. In addition, we believe we are the only non-bank provider of cash processing services to the U.S. Federal Reserve in the Caribbean. 

8 

Table of Contents 

 Competition 
 
 Competitive factors impacting the success of our services include the quality of the technology-based application or service, application features and functions, ease of delivery and integration, ability of the provider to maintain, enhance and support the applications or services, and price. We believe that we compete well in each of these categories. In addition, we believe that scale and financial institution industry expertise, combined with our ability to offer multiple applications, services and integrated solutions to individual customers, enhances our competitiveness against companies with more limited offerings and helps us compete with large global competitors with similar assets to ours. 
 
 In merchant acquiring, we compete with several other service providers and financial institutions that are either in our markets or represented through Independent Sales Organizations ISO ), including Fidelity National Information Services, Inc., Fiserv, Inc., Global Payments, Inc., Elavon, Inc., Paypal, Square, Zelle and some local banks. Also, the card associations and payment networks are increasingly offering products and services that compete with ours. The main competitive factors are price, reliability of service, brand awareness, strength of the relationship with financial institutions, system functionality, integration service capabilities and innovation. Our business is also impacted by the expansion of new payments methods and devices, card association business model expansion, and bank consolidation. 
 
 In payment services, we compete with several other third-party card processors, debit networks, and financial technology providers, including Tecnocom Telecomunicaciones y Energ a, S.A., Galileo Financial Technologies, LLC, Marqeta, Inc., Fidelity National Information Services, Inc., Fiserv, Inc., Total System Services, Inc., MasterCard, Visa, American Express, Discover, Global Payments, Inc., dLocal, Rappi, PayU and Paypal. Also, card associations and payment networks are increasingly offering products and services that compete with our products and services. The main competitive factors are price, system performance and reliability, system functionality, security, service capabilities and disaster recovery and business continuity capabilities. 
 
 In business solutions, our main competition includes internal technology departments within financial institutions, retailers, data processing or software development departments of large companies, large technology and consulting companies, and/or financial technology providers, such as Fidelity National Information Services, Inc., Jack Henry Associates, Inc., CGI Inc. and Fiserv, Inc. The main competitive factors are price, system performance and reliability, system functionality, security, service capabilities, and disaster recovery and business continuity capabilities. 
 
 Intellectual Property 
 
 We own numerous registrations for several trademarks in different jurisdictions and own or have licenses to use certain software and technology, which are critical to our business and future success. For example, we own the ATH and EVERTEC trademarks in several jurisdictions, which are associated by the public, financial institutions and merchants with high quality and reliable electronic commerce, payments, and debit network solutions and services. Such goodwill allows us to be competitive, retain our customers and expand our business. Further, we also use a combination of (i) proprietary software, and (ii) duly licensed third-party software to operate our business and deliver secure and reliable products and services to our customers. The licensed software is subject to terms and conditions that we consider within the industry standards. Most are perpetual licenses, and the rest are term licenses with renewable terms. In addition, we monitor these license agreements and maintain close contact with our suppliers to ensure their continuity of service. 
 
 We seek to protect our intellectual property rights by securing appropriate statutory intellectual property protection in the relevant jurisdictions. We also protect proprietary know-how and trade secrets through company confidentiality policies, licenses, programs, and contractual agreements. 
 
 People and Culture 
 
 At December 31, 2022, we had approximately 2,700 employees, 48 of which are Puerto Rico and US employees, while our remaining workforce is composed of foreign nationals working in our offices throughout Latin America, which include, Dominican Republic, Mexico, Guatemala, Costa Rica, Panama, Colombia, Chile, Peru, Uruguay and Brazil. In Brazil, we have thirty two unionized employees covered by the terms of industry-specific collective agreements. None of our other employees are otherwise represented by any labor organization. We believe we have strong and positive relationships with our employees. We have not experienced any work stoppages in connection with employee matters. 

9 

Table of Contents 

 Diversity and Inclusion 
 
 Our culture is underpinned by our core values, including a commitment to diversity, equity and inclusion, an essential component of our formula for innovation. We value diversity of ideas, thoughts, and opinions, as well as of race, gender, age, cultural backgrounds, and physical abilities, among others. We embrace inclusion by integrating diversity into our human capital management, product development and customer service strategies and decisions. Our workforce is 37 female and 63 male, making us unique among technology companies both in the U.S. and in Latin America. Over 99 of our employees and over 90 of our managers are Hispanic. 
 
 In 2021, the Company implemented the Next Generation Talent Program which identifies emerging leaders in the organization and provides them with training and development focused on becoming the successors for senior management. The program composition is 66 male and 34 female. 
 
 The Company has been included in the Bloomberg Gender Equality Index GEI for five consecutive years. The GEI distinguishes companies committed to transparency in gender reporting and advancing women s equality. 
 
 Employee Engagement 
 
 Evertec considers employee engagement a key component of its high-performance culture. Throughout the year, we engage with our employees in many ways, including through content on Evertec s intranet, digital signage, virtual quarterly town-hall style (all-staff) meetings, and in many other ways. 
 
 An internal engagement survey is conducted at least once every two years. Our last comprehensive engagement survey was performed in 2022, with 90 of employees participating, the highest participation rate in the Company s history. The survey empowers employees to provide feedback on a variety of experiences, the results help Evertec's management and leadership gain insight into the most important drivers related to the work environment of our employees. Areas with highest employee satisfaction were our business and organizational development, collaboration, and work environment. 
 
 Recruiting and Development Initiatives 
 
 Evertec pursues a diverse talent pool and is an Equal Opportunity Employer that aims to hire the best-qualified candidates for available positions. We promote based on merit. Our diversity recruitment initiatives are tracked through the completion of an Annual Affirmative Action Plan. In addition, we periodically conduct gender gap pay analysis for our employee population. The Company currently offers a hybrid (on site/remote) work environment to provide flexibility to our employees. 
 
 Evertec is focused on providing our employees the tools needed for their career development. Evertec University, in one platform, features all the learning opportunities available to our workforce, providing a curriculum composed of both online classroom and external trainings. Within Evertec University, we developed a leadership program that includes a 360-degree assessment, feed forward sessions, a leadership on-boarding program and a leadership academy. In 2021, the Company began providing access to the Linkedin learning platform which provides an extensive and diverse training catalog ranging from technical to soft-skill and leadership courses that allow our employees to develop in a self-paced and flexible environment. Aligned with our Wellness core value, we also provide health and safety educational sessions in conjunction with on-site clinics and external health professionals as part of our health and wellness education programs. 
 
 Our values for People and Culture are aligned with our commitment to environmental, social and governance (ESG). For further information, refer to the ESG tear sheet available on our website at https://ir.evertecinc.com/ESG.doc as well as Vision, Mission and Values section in our most recent proxy statement. Nothing on our website shall be deemed incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

10 

Table of Contents 

 Government Regulation and Payment Network Rules 
 
 Federal Reserve Regulations 
 
 Popular is a bank holding company that has elected to be treated as a financial holding company under the provisions of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999. On August 15, 2022, through a secondary offering, Popular sold its remaining shares of Evertec, common stock and, as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, Popular no longer holds any shares of our common stock. As such, Evertec is no longer deemed a subsidiary of Popular under the Bank Holding Company . To the extent that we are deemed to be a subsidiary of Popular for purposes of the Bank Holding Company BHC Act, we will be subject to regulation and oversight by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal Reserve Board and our activities will be subject to several related significant restrictions, the more significant of which are discussed below. 
 
 Examinations 
 
 As a technology service provider to financial institutions, we are also subject to regulatory oversight and examination by the Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council (the FFIEC ), an interagency body of federal financial regulators that includes the Federal Reserve Board. The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation and the office of the Commissioner of Financial Institutions of Puerto Rico also participate in such examinations by the FFIEC. In addition, independent auditors annually review several of our operations to provide reports on internal controls for our clients auditors and regulators. We are also subject to examinations from regulatory bodies in all other regions in which we operate. 
 
 Regulatory Reform and Other Legislative Initiatives 
 
 The payment card industry has come under increased scrutiny from lawmakers and regulators. The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Protection Act (the Dodd-Frank Act set forth significant structural and other changes to the regulation of the financial services industry, including the establishment of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (the CFPB ). The CFPB has broad supervisory, enforcement and rulemaking authority over consumer financial products and services (including many offered by us and by our clients) and certain bank and non-bank providers of such products and services. In addition, Section 1075 of the Dodd-Frank Act (commonly referred to as the Durbin Amendment imposed new restrictions on card networks and debit card issuers. More specifically, the Durbin Amendment provides that the interchange transaction fees that a card issuer or payment network may receive or charge for an electronic debit transaction must be reasonable and proportional to the cost incurred by the card issuer in authorizing, clearing, and settling the transaction. 
 
 The Federal Reserve s regulations (a) limit debit transaction interchange fees to .21 + (5 bps times the value of the transactions) + .01 (as a fraud adjustment for issuers that have in place policies and measures to address fraud); (b) require that issuers enable at least two unaffiliated payment card networks on their debit cards without regard to authentication method; and (c) prohibit card issuers and payment card networks from entering into exclusivity arrangements for debit card processing and restrict card issuers and payment networks from inhibiting the ability of merchants to direct the routing of debit card transactions over networks of their choice. The Dodd-Frank Act also allows merchants to set minimum dollar amounts (currently, not to exceed 10) for the acceptance of a credit card and provide discounts or incentives to entice consumers to pay with various payment methods, such as cash, checks, debit cards or credit cards, as the merchant prefers. 
 
 The CFPB is responsible for many of the regulatory functions with respect to consumer financial products and services. In addition to rulemaking authority over several enumerated federal consumer financial protection laws, the CFPB is authorized to issue rules prohibiting unfair, deceptive, or abusive acts or practices in connection with the offering of a consumer financial product or service or any transaction with a consumer for such product or service. The CFPB also has authority to examine supervised entities for compliance with, and to enforce violations of, consumer financial protection laws. 
 
 We are subject to the supervision, enforcement, and rulemaking authority of the CFPB as we are a service provider to insured depository institutions with 10 billion or more in total consolidated assets and to larger participants in markets for consumer financial products and services. CFPB rules, examinations and enforcement actions may require us to adjust our activities and may increase our compliance costs. 
 
 From time to time, various legislative initiatives are introduced in Congress and state legislatures, and changes in regulations or agency policies, or in the interpretation of such regulations and policies, are proposed by regulatory agencies. Such initiatives may include proposals to modify the powers of bank holding companies and their affiliates. Such legislation or changes in regulation could affect our operating environment in substantial and unpredictable ways. If adopted, such legislation or changes in regulation could increase the cost of doing business or limit permissible activities. We cannot predict whether any such 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 legislation will be enacted, and, if enacted, the effect that it, or any implementing regulations or related policies and guidance, would have on our financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 Other Government Regulations 
 
 Our services are also subject to a broad range of complex federal, state, Puerto Rico, and foreign regulation, including privacy laws, international trade regulations, the Bank Secrecy Act and other anti-money laundering laws, anti-trust and competition laws, the U.S. Internal Revenue Code, the PR Code, the Employee Retirement Income Security Act, the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act and other Puerto Rico laws and regulations. Failure of our services to comply with applicable laws and regulations could result in restrictions on our ability to provide such services, as well as the imposition of civil fines and/or criminal penalties. The principal areas of regulation (in addition to oversight by the Federal Reserve Board) that impact our business are described below. 
 
 Privacy and Information Security Regulations 
 
 We and our financial institution clients are required to comply with various U.S. state, federal and foreign privacy laws and regulations, including those imposed under the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999 which applies directly to a broad range of financial institutions and to companies that provide services to financial institutions. These laws and regulations place restrictions on the collection, processing, storage, use and disclosure of certain personal information, require disclosure to individuals of detailed privacy practices and provide them with certain rights to prevent the use and disclosure of protected information. The regulations, however, permit financial institutions to share information with non-affiliated parties who perform services for the financial institutions. These laws also impose requirements for safeguarding personal information through the issuance of data security standards or guidelines. Certain state laws impose similar privacy obligations, as well as, in certain circumstances, obligations to provide notification to affected individuals, states officers and consumer reporting agencies, as well as businesses and governmental agencies that own data, of security breaches of computer databases that contain personal information. In addition, U.S. state and federal government agencies have been contemplating or developing new initiatives to safeguard privacy and enhance data and information security. Some foreign privacy laws may be stricter than those applicable under U.S. federal, state, or Puerto Rican law. As a provider of services to financial institutions, we are required to comply with applicable privacy and cybersecurity regulations and are bound by the same limitations on disclosure of the information received from our customers as applied to the financial institutions themselves. See Item 1A. Risk Factors-Risks Related to Our Business- We are subject to security breaches or other confidential data theft from our systems, which can adversely affect our reputation and business. 
 
 Anti-Money Laundering and Office of Foreign Assets Control Regulation 
 
 Since we provide data processing services to both foreign and domestic financial institutions, we are required to comply with certain anti-money laundering and terrorist financing laws and economic sanctions imposed on designated foreign countries, nationals, and others. Specifically, we must adhere to the requirements of the Bank Secrecy Act, as amended by the USA PATRIOT Act of 2001 (collectively, the BSA regarding processing and facilitation of financial transactions, as well as other state, local and foreign laws relating to money laundering. Furthermore, as a data processing company that provides services to foreign parties and facilitates financial transactions between foreign parties, we are obligated to screen transactions for compliance with the sanctions programs administered by the U.S. Department of the Treasury s Office of Foreign Assets Control OFAC ). These regulations prohibit us from entering into or facilitating a transaction to or from or dealings with specified countries, their governments and, in certain circumstances, their nationals and others, such as narcotics traffickers and terrorists or terrorist organizations designated by the U.S. Government under one or more sanctions regimes. 
 
 A major focus of governmental policy in recent years has been aimed at combating money laundering and terrorist financing. Preventing and detecting money laundering and other related suspicious activities at their earliest stages warrants careful monitoring. The BSA, along with a number of other anti-money laundering laws, imposes various reporting and record-keeping requirements concerning currency and other types of monetary instruments. Similar anti-money laundering, counter-terrorist financing and proceeds of crime laws apply to movements of currency and payments through electronic transactions and to dealings with persons specified on lists maintained by organizations similar to OFAC in several other countries and which may impose specific data retention obligations or prohibitions on intermediaries in the payment process. These laws and regulations impose obligations to maintain appropriate policies, procedures, and controls to detect, prevent and report money laundering and terrorist financing and to verify the identity of their customers. Failure to maintain and implement adequate programs to combat money laundering and terrorist financing, or to comply with all of the relevant laws or regulations, could have serious legal and reputational consequences for us. We may also be subject to enforcement actions and as a result may incur losses and liabilities that may impact our business. 
 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 Federal Trade Commission Act and Other Laws Impacting our Customers Business 
 
 All persons engaged in commerce, including, but not limited to, us and our merchant and financial institution customers are subject to Section 5 of the Federal Trade Commission Act prohibiting Unfair or Deceptive Acts or Practices UDAP ). In addition, there are other laws, rules and/or regulations, including the Telemarketing Sales Act, that may directly impact the activities of our merchant customers and in some cases may subject us, as the merchant s payment processor, to investigations, fees, fines, and disgorgement of funds in the event we are deemed to have aided and abetted or otherwise provided the means and instrumentalities to facilitate the illegal activities of the merchant through our payment processing services. Federal and state regulatory enforcement agencies including the Federal Trade Commission, or FTC, and the states attorneys general have authority to take action against nonbanks that engage in UDAP or violate other laws, rules, and regulations. To the extent we process payments for a merchant that may be in violation of these laws, rules, and regulations, we may be subject to enforcement actions and as a result may incur losses and liabilities that may impact our business. 
 
 Anti-trust and Competition Laws 
 
 We are required to comply with various federal, local, and foreign competition and anti-trust laws, including the Sherman Act, Clayton Act, Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act, Robinson-Patman Act, Federal Trade Commission Act and Puerto Rico Anti-Monopoly Act. In general, competition laws are designed to protect businesses and consumers from anti-competitive behavior. Competition and anti-trust law investigations can be lengthy, and violations are subject to civil and/or criminal fines and other sanctions for both corporations and individuals that participate in the prohibited conduct. Class action civil anti-trust lawsuits can result in significant judgments, including in some cases, payment of treble damages and/or attorneys fees to the successful plaintiff. See Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business We are subject to extensive government regulation and oversight. Failure to comply with existing and future rules and regulations in the jurisdiction in which we operate could adversely affect the operations of one or more of our businesses in those jurisdictions . 
 
 Foreign Corrupt Practices Act FCPA ), Export Administration and Other 
 
 As a data processing company that services both foreign and domestic clients, our business activities in foreign countries, and in particular our transactions with foreign governmental entities, subject us to the anti-bribery provisions of the FCPA, as well as the laws and regulations of the foreign jurisdiction where we operate. Pursuant to applicable anti-bribery laws, our transactions with foreign government officials and political candidates are subject to certain limitations. Finally, in the course of business with foreign clients and subsidiaries, we export certain software and hardware that is regulated by the Export Administration Regulations from the United States to the foreign parties. Together, these regulations place restrictions on who we can transact with, what transactions may be facilitated, how we may operate in foreign jurisdictions and what we may export to foreign countries. 
 
 The preceding list of laws and regulations is not exhaustive, and the regulatory framework governing our operations changes continuously. The enactment of new laws and regulations may increasingly affect directly and indirectly the operation of our business, which could result in substantial regulatory compliance costs, litigation expense, loss of revenue, decreased profitability and/or adverse publicity. 
 
 Association and Network Rules 
 
 Several of our subsidiaries are registered with or certified by card associations and payment networks, including the ATH network, MasterCard, Visa, American Express, Discover and numerous debit and EBT networks as members or as service providers for member institutions in connection with the services we provide to our customers. As such, we are subject to applicable card association and network rules, which could subject us to a variety of fines or penalties that may be levied by the card associations or networks for certain acts and/or omissions by us, our acquirer customers, processing customers and/or merchants. For example, EMV is a credit and debit card authentication methodology that the card associations are mandating to processors, issuers, and acquirers in the payment industry. Compliance deadlines for EMV mandates vary by country and by payment network. We have invested significant resources and man-hours to develop and implement this methodology in all our payment related platforms. However, we are not certain if or when our financial institution customers will use or accept the methodology and the time it will take for this technology to be rolled-out to all customer ATM and POS devices connected to our platforms or adopted by our card issuing clients. Non-compliance with EMV mandates could result in lost business or financial losses from fraud or fines from network operators. We are also subject to network operating rules promulgated by the National Automated Clearing House Association relating to payment transactions processed by us using the Automated Clearing House Network and to various government laws regarding such operations, including laws pertaining to EBT. 
 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 Geographic Concentration 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, 78 of revenues were generated from our business in Puerto Rico, while the remaining 22 was generated from Latin America and the Caribbean. Latin America includes, among others, Costa Rica, M xico, Guatemala, Colombia, Chile, Uruguay, Brazil, Peru and Panam . The Caribbean primarily represents the Dominican Republic and the Virgin Islands. See Note 24 to Audited Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information related to geographic areas. 
 
 Seasonality 
 
 Our payment businesses generally experience increased activity during the traditional holiday shopping periods and around other nationally recognized holidays, which follow consumer spending patterns. 

14 

Table of Contents 

 Available Information 
 
 EVERTEC s Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to such reports (if applicable) filed or furnished pursuant to Sections 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act are available free of charge, through our website, http://www.evertecinc.com, as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. In addition, we make available on our website under the heading of Governance Documents our: (i) Code of Ethics; (ii) Code of Ethics for Service Providers; (iii) Corporate Governance Guidelines; (iv) the charters of the Audit, Compensation and Nominating and Corporate Governance committees, and we intend to disclose any amendments to the Code of Ethics. The information found on our website is not part of this or any other report we file with, or furnish to, the SEC. The aforementioned reports and materials can also be obtained free of charge upon written request or telephoning to the following address or telephone number: 
 
 EVERTEC, Inc. 
 Cupey Center Building 
 Road, 176, Kilometer 1.3 
 San Juan, Puerto Rico 00926 
 (787) 759-9999 
 
 Our filings with the SEC are also available to the public from commercial document retrieval services and at the web site maintained by the SEC at http://www.sec.gov. 
 
 Our Corporate Information 
 
 We were incorporated on April 13, 2012 in Puerto Rico under the name Evertec, Inc. Our principal executive offices are located at Cupey Center Building, Road 176, Kilometer 1.3, San Juan, Puerto Rico 00926, and our telephone number is (787) 759-9999. 

15 

Table of Contents 

 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 Readers should carefully consider, in connection with other information disclosed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the risks and uncertainties described below. The following discussion sets forth risks that we believe are material to our stockholders and prospective stockholders. The occurrence of any of the following risks might cause our stockholders to lose all or a part of their investment in our Company. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or not believed by us to be material may also affect our business results, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, the trading price of our common stock, and our ability to accomplish our strategic objectives. Some statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including statements in the following risk factors section, constitute forward-looking statements. Please also refer to the section titled Forward- Looking Statements at the beginning of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Business 
 
 Our services to Banco Popular, our largest customer, account for a significant portion of our revenues, and we expect that our services to Popular will continue to represent a significant portion of our revenues for the foreseeable future. Additionally, the elimination of Popular s ownership of our common stock could result in disruptions to relationships with customers and other business partners and adversely affects us. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, approximately 39 of our revenue was attributable to Banco Popular, a wholly owned subsidiary of Popular. The Amended and Restated Master Service Agreement (the A R MSA by and among Popular, Banco Popular de Puerto Rico and EVERTEC Group, is our most significant client contract, and was amended and restated to include terms ending in 2028. If Popular were to terminate or fail to perform under the A R MSA, or our other material agreements with Popular, our revenues could be materially reduced and our profitability and cash flows could also be materially reduced, all of which would have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Prior to closing the Popular Transaction on July 1, 2022, Popular owned approximately 17.5 of our common stock and historically had substantial influence over our policies and management. In connection with the closing of the Popular Transaction, Popular delivered 4.6 million shares of Evertec common stock that were owned by Popular in exchange for certain assets of EVERTEC Group, and we also modified and extended certain commercial agreements with Banco Popular. Furthermore, effective as of July 1, 2022, the Stockholder Agreement, dated April 17, 2012, with Popular, which had granted them certain benefits as a shareholder of our Company, was terminated. On August 15, 2022, through a secondary offering, Popular sold its remaining shares of Evertec common stock and, as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, no longer holds any shares of our common stock. Evertec is no longer deemed a subsidiary of Popular under the Bank Holding Company Act. 
 
 There is no assurance that we will be able to realize the intended benefits of the Popular Transaction. Specifically, the Popular Transaction could cause disruptions in our remaining businesses or otherwise limit the ability to compete for or perform certain contracts or services. The elimination of Popular s holdings of our common stock and the corresponding termination in Popular s right to nominate directors to our Board of Directors may negatively impact our business relationship with Popular and increase the likelihood of a change of control of our Company. Similarly, the elimination and the modification to commercial arrangements with Popular could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, and the trading price of our common stock. 
 
 If we are unable to maintain our merchant relationships and our alliance with Popular, our business may be materially adversely affected. 
 
 Growth in our merchant acquiring business is derived primarily from acquiring new merchant relationships, new and enhanced product and service offerings, cross selling products and services into existing relationships, the shift of consumer spending to increased usage of electronic forms of payment, and the strength of our relationship with Banco Popular. A substantial portion of our business is generated from our Amended and Restated Independent Sales Organization Sponsorship and Services Agreement (the A R ISO Agreement with Banco Popular, which was amended and restated on July 1, 2022, among other things, to extend its term to 2035. 
 
 Banco Popular acts as a merchant referral source and provides sponsorship into the ATH, Visa, Discover and MasterCard networks for merchants, as well as card association sponsorship, clearing and settlement services. We provide transaction-processing and related functions. Both we and Popular, as alliance partners, may provide management, sales, marketing, and other administrative services to merchants. We rely on the continuing growth of our merchant relationships, which in turn is dependent upon our alliance with Banco Popular and other distribution channels. There can be no guarantee that this growth 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 will continue and the loss or deterioration of these relationships, whether due to the termination of the A R ISO Agreement or otherwise, could negatively impact our business and result in a material reduction of our revenue and income. 
 
 If we are unable to renew or negotiate extensions for our A R MSA with Popular, our A R ISO Agreement with Banco Popular and our A R ATH Network Participation Agreement with Banco Popular (together with its ATH Support Schedule, the A R BPPR ATH Agreement ), or if we are required to provide significant concessions to Popular or Banco Popular to secure extensions or otherwise, our ability to renegotiate our debt, results of operations, financial condition and trading price of our common stock may be materially adversely affected. 
 
 We regularly discuss with Popular the terms of the A R MSA and the services we provide Popular thereunder. Recent modifications under the existing A R MSA include the elimination of the exclusivity requirement, the inclusion of annual MSA minimums through September 30, 2028, a 10 fee discount on certain MSA services beginning in October of 2025 and adjustments to the CPI pricing escalator clause. We cannot be certain that we will be able to negotiate an extension to the MSA upon its expiration on its terms. Even if we can negotiate an extension of the A R MSA, any new master services agreement may be materially different from the existing A R MSA. Further, Popular may require significant concessions from us with respect to pricing, services, and other key terms, both in respect of the current term and any future extension of the A R MSA. Any such events may materially and negatively impact our financial condition, results of operations and trading price of our common stock, as well as potentially limit our ability to renegotiate our debt. 
 
 Our A R ISO Agreement with Banco Popular, which sets our merchant acquiring relationship with Popular, now includes revenue sharing provisions with Popular. Banco Popular sponsors us as an independent sales organization with respect to certain credit card associations and is required to exclusively refer to us any merchant that inquires about the service, requests or otherwise evidences interest in merchant and other services. If the A R ISO Agreement is not renewed, we will have to seek other card association sponsors, we will not benefit from Banco Popular referral of merchants and we may experience the loss of some merchants if Banco Popular itself enters the merchant acquiring business or agrees to sponsor another independent sales organization. Any of these events may negatively impact our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 The A R MSA, A R ISO Agreement, A R BPPR ATH Agreement, amended and restated in July 1, 2022, have terms ending in 2028, 2035, and 2030, respectively. Under such agreements, among other things, we provide Banco Popular certain ATM and POS services in connection with our ATH network; we grant a license to use the ATH logo, word mark and associated trademarks; and Banco Popular agrees to support, promote, and market the ATH network and brand and to issue debit cards bearing the symbol of the ATH network. If one or both of the BPPR ATH Agreements are not extended, our ATH brand and network could be negatively impacted, and our financial condition and results of operations materially adversely affected. 
 
 Our inability to renew or continue to maintain client contracts on favorable terms or at all may materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Our contracts with private clients generally run for a period of one to five years. Our government contracts typically run for one year and do not include automatic renewal periods due to government procurement rules and related fiscal funding requirements. Our standard merchant contract has an initial term of up to three years, with automatic one-year renewal periods. At the end of the relevant contract term, clients can renew or renegotiate their contracts with us, but may also decide to engage one of our competitors to provide products and services. If we are not successful in achieving high renewal rates and/or contract terms that are favorable to us, our results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. 
 
 We also depend on our payment processing clients to comply with their contractual obligations, applicable laws, regulatory requirements and credit card associations rules or standards. A client s failure to comply with any such laws or requirements could force us to declare a breach of contract and terminate the client relationship. The termination of such contracts or relationships, as well as any inability to collect any damages caused, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Additionally, any such failure by clients to comply could also result in fines, penalties or obligations imputed to EVERTEC, which could also have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 We rely on our information technology IT systems, employees and certain suppliers and counterparties, and certain failures or disruptions in those systems or chains could materially adversely affect our operations. 
 
 Many of our services are based on sophisticated software, technology, and computing systems, and we may encounter delays when developing new technology solutions and services. We have experienced in the past and expect to continue to experience in the future actual and attempted cyber-attacks of our IT networks, such as through phishing scams and ransomware. Although none of these actual or attempted cyber-attacks has had a material adverse impact on our operations or financial condition, we cannot guarantee that any such incidents will not have such an impact in the future. The technology solutions underlying our 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 services have occasionally contained, and may in the future contain, undetected errors or defects when first introduced or when new versions are released. We may experience difficulties in installing or integrating our technologies on platforms used by our customers. 
 
 Our businesses are dependent on our ability to reliably process, record and monitor a large number of transactions. We settle funds on behalf of financial institutions, other businesses and consumers and process funds transactions from clients, card issuers, payment networks and consumers on a daily basis for a variety of transaction types. Transactions facilitated by us include debit card, credit card, electronic bill payment transactions, ACH payments, electronic benefits transfer EBT transactions and check clearing that supports consumers, financial institutions, and other businesses. These payment activities rely upon technology infrastructure that facilitates the verification of activity with counterparties, the facilitation of the payment and, in some cases, the detection or prevention of fraudulent payments. If any of our financial, accounting, or other data processing systems or applications fail or experience other significant shortcomings, our ability to serve our clients and accordingly our results of operations could be materially adversely affected. Such failures or shortcomings could be the result of events that are beyond our control, which may include, for example, computer viruses, fires, electrical or telecommunications outages, natural disasters, disease pandemics, terrorist acts or other unanticipated damage to property or physical assets. Any such shortcoming could also damage our reputation, require us to expend significant resources to correct the defect, and may result in liability to third parties, especially since some of our contractual agreements with financial institutions require the crediting of certain fees if our systems do not meet certain specified service levels. 
 
 There is also a risk that we may lose critical data or experience system failures. We perform the vast majority of disaster recovery operations ourselves, though we utilize select third parties for some aspects of recovery. To the extent we outsource our disaster recovery, we are at risk of the vendor s unresponsiveness in the event of breakdowns in our systems. Our property and business interruption insurance may not be adequate to compensate us for all losses or failures that may occur. 
 
 We are similarly dependent on our employees. Our operations could be materially adversely affected if one or more employees cause a significant operational breakdown or failure, either intentionally or as a result of human error. Suppliers and third parties with which we do business could also be sources of operational risk to us, including relating to breakdowns or failures of such parties own systems or employees. Any of these occurrences could diminish our ability to operate one or more of our businesses, or result in potential liability to clients, reputational damage and regulatory intervention or fines, any of which could materially adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 Our ability to recruit, retain and develop qualified personnel is critical to our success and growth. 
 
 All our businesses require a wide range of expertise and intellectual capital to adapt to the rapidly changing technological, social, economic and regulatory environments. In order to successfully compete and grow, we must recruit, retain and develop personnel who can provide the necessary expertise across a broad spectrum of intellectual capital needs. In addition, we must develop, maintain and, as necessary, implement appropriate succession plans to assure we have the necessary human resources capable of maintaining continuity in our business. The market for qualified personnel is competitive and we may not succeed in recruiting additional personnel or may fail to effectively replace current personnel who depart with qualified or effective successors. In addition, from time to time, there may be changes in our management team that may be disruptive to our business. If our management team, including new hires that we make, fails to work together effectively and to execute our plans and strategies on a timely basis, our business could be harmed. Our effort to retain and develop personnel may also result in significant additional expenses, which could adversely affect our profitability. We cannot assure that key personnel, including our executive officers, will continue to be employed or that we will be able to attract and retain qualified personnel in the future. Failure to recruit, retain or develop qualified personnel could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 We are subject to security breaches or other confidential data theft from our systems, which can adversely affect our reputation and business. 
 
 As part of our business, we electronically receive, process, store and transmit a wide range of confidential information, including sensitive customer information and personal consumer data, such as names and addresses, social security numbers, driver s license numbers, cardholder data and payment history records. We also operate payment, cash access and electronic card systems. Attacks on information technology systems continue to grow in frequency, complexity and sophistication, a trend we expect will continue. The objectives of these attacks include, among other things, gaining unauthorized access to systems to facilitate financial fraud, disrupt operations, cause denial of service events, corrupt data, and steal non-public information. Such attacks have become a point of focus for individuals, businesses, and governmental entities. 
 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 Unauthorized access to our computer systems or databases could result in the theft or publication of confidential information, the deletion or modification of records or could otherwise cause interruptions in the successful operations of our businesses. These risks increase when we transmit information over the Internet as our visibility in the global payments industry attracts hackers to conduct attacks on our systems. Our security measures may also be breached due to the mishandling or misuse of information; for example, if such information were erroneously provided to parties who are not permitted to have the information, either by employees acting contrary to our policies or as a result of a fault in our systems. 
 
 Actual or perceived vulnerabilities or data breaches may lead to claims against us, which may require us to spend significant additional resources to remediate by addressing problems caused by breaches and further protect against security or privacy breaches. Additionally, while we maintain insurance policies specifically for cyber-attacks, our current insurance policies may not be adequate to reimburse us for losses caused by security breaches, and we may not be able to collect fully, if at all, under these insurance policies. A significant security breach, such as loss of credit card numbers and related information, could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, expose us to significant liability and result in a loss of customers. Some of our systems have experienced in the past and may experience in the future security breaches and, although they did not have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or reputation, there can be no assurance of a similar result in the future. We cannot assure you that our security measures will prevent security breaches or that failure to prevent them will not have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and reputation. Any breaches of network or data security at our customers, partners or vendors could have similar negative effects. 
 
 Failure to comply with federal and state laws and regulations relating to data privacy and security, or the expansion of current, or the enactment of new, laws or regulations relating to data privacy and security, could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 
 While we are not a direct-to-consumer business, we do collect, process, store, use and share some personal data of our employees and business partners, which is governed by a variety of federal and state laws and regulations. Laws and regulations relating to data privacy and security are complex and rapidly evolving and subject to potentially differing interpretations. These requirements may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent from one jurisdiction to another or may conflict with other rules or our practices. As we seek to expand our business, we are, and may increasingly become, subject to various laws, regulations, standards, and contractual obligations relating to data privacy and security in the jurisdictions in which we operate. Despite our efforts, our practices may not comply, now or in the future, with all such laws, regulations, requirements and obligations. Any failure, or perceived failure, by us to comply with our posted privacy policies or with any current or future federal or state data privacy or security-related laws, regulations, regulatory guidance, orders, or other legal obligations relating to privacy or security could adversely affect our reputation, brand and business, and may result in claims, proceedings, or actions against us by governmental entities or others or other liabilities or require us to change our operations and/or cease using certain data sets. Any such claim, proceeding or action could hurt our reputation, brand and business, force us to incur significant expenses in defense of such proceedings, distract our management, increase our costs of doing business, result in a loss of customers and manufacturers, and may result in the imposition of monetary penalties and otherwise adversely affect our financial condition and operating results. We may also be contractually required to indemnify and hold harmless third parties from the costs or consequences of non-compliance with any laws, regulations, or other legal obligations relating to privacy or security or any inadvertent or unauthorized use or disclosure of data that we store or handle as part of operating our business. 
 
 Fraud by merchants or others could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 Under certain circumstances, we may be liable for certain fraudulent transactions and/or credits initiated by merchants or others. For instance, if we were to process payments for a merchant that engaged in unfair or deceptive trade practices, we may be subject to certain fines or penalties. Examples of merchant fraud include merchants or other parties knowingly using a stolen or counterfeit credit, debit or prepaid card, card number, or other credentials to record a false sales or credit transaction, processing an invalid card or intentionally failing to deliver the merchandise or services sold in an otherwise valid transaction. Criminals are using increasingly sophisticated methods to engage in illegal activities such as counterfeiting and fraud. A single significant incident of fraud, or increases in the overall level of fraud, involving our services, could result in reputational damage to us, which could reduce the use and acceptance of our solutions and services or lead to greater regulation that would increase our compliance costs. Failure to effectively manage risk and prevent fraud could increase our chargeback liability or cause us to incur other liabilities, and our insurance coverage may be insufficient or inadequate to compensate us. It is possible that incidents of fraud could increase in the future. Increases in chargebacks or other liabilities could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

19 

Table of Contents 

 We are subject to the credit risk that our merchants will be unable to satisfy obligations for which we may also be liable. 
 
 We are subject to the credit risk of our merchants being unable to satisfy obligations for which we also may be liable. For example, as the merchant acquirer, we are contingently liable for transactions originally acquired by us that are disputed by the cardholder and charged back to the merchants. For certain merchants, if we are unable to collect amounts paid to cardholders in the form of refunds or chargebacks from the merchant, we bear the loss for those amounts. A default on payment obligations by one or more of our merchants could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 Our ability to adopt technology to changing industry and customer needs or trends may affect our competitiveness or demand for our products, which may adversely affect our results of operations. 
 
 Changes in technology may limit the competitiveness of and demand for our services. Our businesses operate in industries that are subject to technological advancements, developing industry standards and changing customer needs and preferences. Our business strategy may not effectively respond to these changes, and we may fail to recognize and position ourselves to capitalize upon market opportunities. Also, our customers continue to adopt new technology for business and personal uses. We must anticipate and respond to these industry and customer changes in order to remain competitive within our relative markets. Our inability to respond to new competitors and technological advancements could impact all of our businesses. For example, the ability to adopt technological advancements surrounding POS technology available to merchants could have a material and adverse impact on our merchant acquiring business. 
 
 Consolidations in the banking and financial services industry could adversely affect our revenues by eliminating existing or potential clients and making us more dependent on a more limited number of clients. 
 
 In recent years, there have been a number of mergers and consolidations in the banking and financial services industry. Mergers and consolidations of financial institutions reduce our number of clients and potential clients, which could adversely affect our revenues. Further, if our clients fail or merge with or are acquired by other entities that are not our clients, or that use fewer of our services, they may discontinue or reduce their use of our services. It is also possible that the larger banks or financial institutions resulting from mergers or consolidations would have greater leverage to negotiate terms less favorable to us or could decide to perform in-house some or all of the services which we currently provide or could provide. Any of these developments could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 There may be a decline in the use of cards as a payment mechanism for consumers or adverse developments with respect to the card industry in general. 
 
 If the number of electronic and digital payment transactions of the type we process does not continue to grow, if there are other, more attractive emerging means of payments or if businesses or consumers discontinue adopting our services, it could have a material adverse effect on the profitability of our business, financial position, and results of operations. We believe future growth in the use of credit, debit and other electronic and digital payments will be driven by the cost, ease-to-use, and quality of products and services offered to customers and businesses. In order to consistently increase and maintain our profitability, businesses and consumers must continue to use electronic and digital payment methods that we process, including credit and debit cards. If consumers and businesses discontinue the use of credit, debit or prepaid cards as a payment mechanism for their transactions or if there is a change in the mix of payments between cash, alternative currencies and technologies, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Changes in credit card association or other network rules or standards could adversely affect our business. 
 
 In order to provide our transaction-processing services, several of our subsidiaries are registered with or certified by Visa, Discover and MasterCard and other networks as members or as service providers for member institutions. As such, we and many of our customers are subject to card association and network rules that could subject us or our customers to a variety of fines or penalties that may be levied by the card associations or networks for certain acts or omissions by us, acquirer customers, processing customers and merchants. Visa, Discover, MasterCard and other networks, some of which are our competitors, set the standards with which we must comply. The termination of Banco Popular s or our subsidiaries member registration or our subsidiaries status as a certified service provider, or any changes in card association or other network rules or standards, including interpretation and implementation of the rules or standards, that increase the cost of doing business or limit our ability to provide transaction-processing services to or through our customers, could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Changes in interchange fees charged by credit card associations and debit networks could increase our costs or otherwise materially adversely affect our business. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

From time to time, card associations and debit networks change interchange, processing, and other fees, which could impact our merchant acquiring and payment services businesses. Competitive pressures could result in our merchant acquiring and payment services businesses absorbing a portion of such increases in the future, which would increase our operating costs, reduce our profit margin, and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 We are subject to extensive government regulation and oversight. Failure to comply with existing and future rules and regulations in the jurisdictions in which we operate could materially adversely affect the operations of one or more of our businesses in those jurisdictions. 
 
 Our business is subject to the laws, rules, regulations, and policies in the countries in which we operate, as well as the legal interpretation of such regulations by administrative bodies and the judiciary of those countries. The expansion of our business may also result in increased regulatory oversight and enforcement, as well as any claims by regulatory agencies and courts that we are required to obtain licenses to engage in certain business activity. 
 
 Enforcement of, failure, or perceived failure to comply with laws, rules, regulations, policies, or licensing requirements could result in criminal or civil lawsuits, penalties, fines, regulatory investigations, forfeiture of significant assets, an outright or partial restriction on our operations, enforcement in one or more jurisdictions, additional compliance and licensure requirements, reputational damage and force us to change the way we or our users do business. Any changes in our or our users business methods could increase cost or reduce revenue. 
 
 The laws, rules, regulations, and policies in the markets in which we operate include, but are not limited to, privacy and user data protection, banking, money transmission, antitrust, anti-money laundering and the export, re-export, and re-transfer abroad of covered items. In addition, our operations in most of the countries where we operate are subject to risks related to compliance with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and other applicable U.S. and other local laws prohibiting corrupt payments to government officials and other third parties. 
 
 Privacy and Data Protection 
 
 Our business relies on the processing of data in multiple jurisdictions and the movement of data across national borders. Legal requirements relating to the collection, storage, handling, use, disclosure, transfer, and security of personal data continues to evolve, and regulatory scrutiny in this area is increasing around the world. Significant uncertainty exists as privacy and data protection laws may differ from country to country and may create inconsistent or conflicting requirements. Our ongoing efforts to comply with privacy, cybersecurity, and data protection laws may entail expenses, may divert resources from other initiatives and projects, and could limit the service we are able to offer. Enforcement actions and investigations by regulatory authorities related to data security incidents and privacy actions or investigations could damage our reputation and impact us through increased costs or restrictions on our business, and noncompliance could result in regulatory penalties and significant legal liability. 
 
 Although we make reasonable efforts to comply with all applicable data protection laws and regulations, our interpretations and efforts may have been or may prove to be insufficient or incorrect. We also make public statements about our use and disclosure of personal information through our privacy policy, information provided on our website and other public statements. Although we endeavor to ensure that our public statements are complete, accurate and fully implemented, we may at times fail to do so or be alleged to have failed to do so. We may be subject to potential regulatory or other legal action if such policies or statements are found to be deceptive, unfair or misrepresentative of our actual practices. In addition, from time to time, concerns may be expressed about whether our products and services compromise the privacy of our customers and others. Any concerns about our data privacy and security practices (even if unfounded), or any failure, real or perceived, by us to comply with our posted privacy policies or with any legal or regulatory requirements, standards, certifications or orders or other privacy or consumer protection-related laws and regulations applicable to us, could cause our customers, riders and users to reduce their use of our products and services. 
 
 Banking 
 
 In general, financial institution regulators require their supervised institutions to cause their service providers to agree to certain terms and to agree to supervision and oversight by applicable financial regulators, primarily to protect the safety and soundness of the financial institution. We have agreed to such terms and provisions in many of our service agreements with financial institutions. 
 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 We and our customers are also generally subject to U.S. federal, Puerto Rico and other countries laws, rules and regulations that affect the electronic payments industry, including with respect to activities in the countries where we operate and due to our relationship with customers that are subject to banking and financial regulation, including Popular. 
 
 Regulation of the electronic payment card industry has increased significantly in recent years. There is also continued scrutiny by the U.S. Congress of the manner in which payment card networks and card issuers set various fees. Banking regulators have been strengthening their examination guidelines with respect to relationships between banks and their third-party service providers, such as us. Any such heightened supervision of our relationship with our banking and financial services customers, including Popular, could have an effect on our contractual relationship with our customers as well as on the standards applied in the evaluation of our services. See Item 1. Business-Government Regulation and Payment Network Rules-Regulatory Reform and Other Legislative Initiatives. 
 
 Export 
 
 We are also subject to the Export Administration Regulations EAR ), which regulates the export, re-export and re-transfer abroad of covered items made or originating in the United States as well as the transfer of covered U.S.-origin technology abroad. There can be no assurance that we have not violated the EAR in past transactions or that our new policies and procedures will prevent us from violating the EAR in every transaction in which we engage. Any such violations of the EAR could result in fines, penalties or other sanctions being imposed on us, which could negatively affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Some financial institutions refuse, even in the absence of a regulatory requirement, to provide services to companies operating in certain countries or engaging in certain practices because of concerns that the compliance efforts perceived to be necessary may outweigh the usefulness of the service relationship. Our operations outside the United States make it more likely that financial institutions may refuse to conduct business with us for this type of reason. Any such refusal could negatively affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 We and our subsidiaries conduct business with financial institutions and/or card payment networks operating in countries whose nationals, including some of our customers, engage in transactions in countries that are the target of U.S. economic sanctions and embargoes, including Cuba. As a U.S.-based entity, we and our subsidiaries are obligated to comply with the economic sanctions regulations administered by OFAC. These regulations prohibit U.S.-based entities from entering into or facilitating unlicensed transactions with, for the benefit of, or in some cases involving the property and property interests of, persons, governments, or countries designated by the U.S. government under one or more sanctions regimes. Various state and municipal governments, universities and other investors maintain prohibitions or restrictions on investments in companies that do business involving sanctioned countries or entities. 
 
 Because we process transactions on behalf of financial institutions through the payment networks, we have processed a limited number of transactions potentially involving sanctioned countries and there can be no assurances that, in the future, we will not inadvertently process such transactions. Due to a variety of factors, including technical failures and limitations of our transaction screening process, conflicts between U.S. and local laws, political or other concerns in certain countries in which we and our subsidiaries operate, and/or failures in our ability to effectively control employees operating in certain non-U.S. subsidiaries, we have not rejected every transaction originating from or otherwise involving sanctioned countries, or persons and there can be no assurances that, in the future, we will not inadvertently fail to reject such transactions. 
 
 Antitrust 
 
 Due to our ownership of the ATH network and our merchant acquiring and payment services business in Puerto Rico, we are involved in a significant percentage of the debit and credit card transactions conducted in Puerto Rico each day. We have in the past been subject to regulatory investigations and any future regulatory scrutiny of, or regulatory enforcement action in connection with, compliance with U.S. state and federal antitrust requirements could potentially have a material adverse effect on our reputation and business. In connection with any acquisitions, in addition to other U.S. federal requirements, we must also comply with antitrust and/or competition law requirements. 
 
 ESG Regulatory Developments 
 
 The recent emphasis on environmental, social and other sustainability matters has resulted and may continue to result in the adoption of new laws and regulations, including new reporting requirements. Compliance with environmental, social and other sustainability laws, regulations, expectations or reporting requirements may result in increased compliance costs, as well as additional scrutiny. It is possible that other types of environmental and social regulations, for example regulations regarding the 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 use of energy or water or regulations regarding human capital management matters, may also result in increased costs. Moreover, if we fail to comply with new laws, regulations, expectations or reporting requirements, or if we are perceived as failing, our reputation and business could be adversely impacted. Any reputational damage associated with environmental, social and governance (ESG) factors may also adversely impact our ability to recruit and retain employees and customers. 
 
 Puerto Rico s fiscal crisis could have a material adverse effect on our business and the trading price of our common stock. 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, approximately 78 and 80 , respectively, of our total revenues were generated from our operations in Puerto Rico. Some revenues that are generated from our operations outside Puerto Rico are dependent upon our operations in Puerto Rico. As a result, our financial condition and results of operations are highly dependent on the economic and political conditions in Puerto Rico, and could be significantly impacted by adverse economic or political developments in Puerto Rico, including adverse effects on the trading price of our common stock, our customer base, general consumer spending and the timeliness of the Government s payments, thus increasing our Government accounts receivable, and potentially impairing the collectability of those accounts receivable. As of December 31, 2022, we had net receivables of 9.4 million from the Government and certain public corporations. 
 
 A protracted government shutdown could negatively affect our financial condition. 
 
 During any protracted federal government shutdown, the federal government may reduce or cut funding for certain welfare and disaster relief programs. Beneficiaries of certain federal programs, such as the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP), obtain their benefits through electronic benefits transfer (EBT) accounts. A temporary or permanent reduction in federal welfare and relief programs could lead to a decrease in electronic benefit card volume. The effect of a protracted government shutdown may materially and adversely affect our revenues, profitability, and cash flows. 
 
 Puerto Rico s economy, including the ongoing financial crisis and the effects of potential natural disasters, including weather events connected to climate change, could have a prolonged negative impact on the countries in which we operate and, as a result, could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 
 Puerto Rico s location in the Caribbean exposes the island to increased risk of hurricanes and other severe tropical weather conditions and natural disasters. Hurricanes and other natural disasters including earthquakes, and their potential aftermaths, such as widespread power outages in Puerto Rico, damage to infrastructure and communications networks, and the temporary cessation and slow pace of reestablishment of regular day-to-day commerce, may severely impact the economies of Puerto Rico and the Caribbean more generally. These events have accelerated and could continue to accelerate the ongoing emigration trend of Puerto Rico residents to the United States. Prolonged delays in the repairs to the island s infrastructures, decline in business volumes, insufficient federal recovery and rebuilding assistance and any other economic declines due to hurricanes and their aftermaths may impact the demand for our services and could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 
 There are increasing and rapidly evolving concerns over the risks of climate change and related environmental sustainability matters. The physical risks of climate change include rising average global temperatures, rising sea levels and an increase in the frequency and severity of extreme weather events and natural disasters. Such events and disasters, including any such events or disasters in Puerto Rico, the Caribbean or elsewhere, could disrupt our operations or the operations of customers or third parties on which we rely and could result in market volatility. We could also experience increased expenses resulting from strategic planning, litigation and changes to our technology, operations, products and services, as well as reputational harm as a result of negative public sentiment, regulatory scrutiny and reduced stakeholder confidence, due to our response to climate change or real or perceived vulnerability to climate change-related risks. 
 
 As a result of Puerto Rico s high cost of electricity and governmental financial crisis, businesses may be reluctant to establish or expand their operations in Puerto Rico and the Caribbean, or might consider closing operations currently in such locations. If companies in the financial services and related industries decide not to commence new operations or not to expand their existing operations in Puerto Rico, or consider closing operations in Puerto Rico, the demand for our services could be negatively affected. 
 
 Our operations, business, customers and partners could be adversely affected by climate change. 
 
 Our operations, business, customers and partners could be adversely affected by climate change. There are increasing and rapidly evolving concerns over the risks of climate change and related environmental sustainability matters. The physical risks of climate change including rising average global temperatures, rising sea levels and an increase in the frequency and severity of extreme weather events and natural disasters. Such events and disasters could disrupt our operations or the operations of 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 customers or third parties on which we rely and could result in market volatility. Additionally, we may face risks related to the transition to a low-carbon economy. We could experience increased expenses resulting from strategic planning, litigation and changes to our technology, operations, products and services, access to energy and water, as well as reputational harm as a result of negative public sentiment, regulatory scrutiny and reduced stakeholder confidence, due to our response to climate change or real or perceived vulnerability to climate change-related risks. Changes in consumer preferences, travel patterns and legal requirements could increase expenses or otherwise adversely impact our business, customers and partners. 
 
 The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic has had, and may continue to have, a negative impact on the global economy, which in turn could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic continues to evolve, with pockets of resurgence and the emergence of variant strains contributing to continued uncertainty about its scope, duration, severity, trajectory and lasting impact. The effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business and financial condition could include, but are not limited to, the following: (i) payment processing risks associated with disruptions to merchant activity and business failures including chargeback risk; (ii) adverse effects on revenue streams for certain lines of business in the Business Solutions segment (including core banking, network services, IT consulting, cash and item processing); (iii) reduced transactional revenue in our Payment Services - Latin America segment; (iv) additional regulatory requirements; (v) changes to normal operations; (vi) impairments in our ability to timely deliver key projects; (vii) continuing negative effects of general macroeconomic conditions on consumer confidence; (viii) significant reductions or volatility in demand for one or more of our products; and (ix) reduced demand from consumers, stemming from the concern of the risk of contracting COVID-19, resulting in loss of profits. 
 
 These factors may prevail for a significant period of time and may materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. The impact of these disruptions could have accounting consequences, such as impairments of tangible and intangible long-lived assets, and could affect our ability to operate effective internal control over financial reporting and execute expansion plans or invest in product development. In addition, new pandemics may emerge in the future that could have similar negative effects on macroeconomic conditions generally and our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 We are exposed to risks associated with our presence in international markets, including global political, social and economic instability. 
 
 Our financial performance and results of operations may be adversely affected by general economic, political, and social conditions and uncertainty in the emerging markets in which we operate. Many countries in Latin America have suffered significant political, social and economic crises in the past, including most recently as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic and the related restrictions imposed to mitigate its impact, as well as the resulting macroeconomic slowdown, and these events may occur again in the future. Instability in Latin America has been caused by many different factors, including (i) exposure to foreign exchange variation, (ii) significant governmental influence over local economies; (iii) substantial fluctuations in economic growth; (iv) instability in the banking sector and high inflation levels or domestic interest rates; (v) wage, price or exchange controls, or restrictions on expatriation of earnings; (vi) changes in governmental economic or tax policies or unexpected changes in regulation which may restrict the movement of funds or results in the deprivation of contract or property rights; (vii) imposition of trade barriers; (viii) terrorist attacks and other acts of violence or war; (ix) high unemployment; and (x) overall political, social, and economic disruptions. Any of these events in the markets in which we operate could result in a material adverse impact on our customers and our business. 
 
 Failure to protect our intellectual property rights and defend ourselves from potential intellectual property infringement claims may diminish our competitive advantages or restrict us from delivering our services, which could result in a material and adverse impact on our business operations. 
 
 Our trademarks, proprietary software, and other intellectual property, including technology/software licenses, are important to our future success. Limitations or restrictions on our ability to use such marks or a diminution in the perceived quality associated therewith could have an adverse impact on the growth of our businesses. We also rely on proprietary software and technology, including third party software that is used under licenses. It is possible that others will independently develop the same or similar software or technology, which would permit them to compete with us more efficiently. If any of the third-party software or technology licenses are terminated or otherwise determined to be unenforceable, then we would have to obtain a comparable license, which may involve increased license fees and other costs. 
 
 Unauthorized parties may attempt to copy or misappropriate certain aspects of our services, infringe upon our rights, or to obtain and use information that we regard as proprietary. Policing such unauthorized use of our proprietary rights is often very difficult, and therefore, we are unable to guarantee that the steps we have taken will prevent misappropriation of our proprietary 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 software/technology or that the agreements entered into for that purpose will be effective or enforceable in all instances. Misappropriation of our intellectual property or potential litigation concerning such matters could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. Our registrations and/or applications for trademarks, copyrights, and patents could be challenged, invalidated, or circumvented by others and may not be of sufficient scope or strength to provide us with maximum protection or meaningful advantage. Managing any such challenges, even if they lack merit, could: (i) be expensive and time-consuming to defend; (ii) cause us to cease making, licensing, or using software or applications that incorporate the challenged intellectual property; (iii) require us to redesign our software or applications, if feasible; (iv) divert management s attention and resources; and (v) require us to enter into royalty or licensing agreements in order to obtain the right to use necessary technologies. The laws of certain foreign countries in which we do business or contemplate doing business in the future may not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as do the laws of the United States or Puerto Rico. Adverse determinations in judicial or administrative proceedings related to intellectual property or licenses could prevent us from selling our services and products or prevent us from preventing others from selling competing services, impose liability costs on us, or result in a non-favorable settlement, all of which could result in a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 If EVERTEC Group does not comply with the terms of its preferential tax exemption grant, it may be subject to reduction of the benefits of the grant, tax penalties, other payment obligations or full revocation of the grant, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and our stock price. 
 
 EVERTEC Group has a tax exemption grant under the Tax Incentive Act No. 73 of 2008 from the Government of Puerto Rico. Under this grant, EVERTEC Group will benefit from a preferential income tax rate of 4 on industrial development income, as well as from tax exemptions with respect to its municipal and property tax obligations for certain activities derived from its data processing operations in Puerto Rico. The grant has a term of 15 years effective as of January 1, 2012 with respect to income tax obligations and July 1, 2013 and January 1, 2013 with respect to municipal and property tax obligations, respectively. 
 
 The grant contains customary commitments, conditions, and representations that EVERTEC Group is required to comply with in order to maintain the grant. The more significant commitments include: (i) maintaining at least 750 employees in EVERTEC Group s Puerto Rico data processing operations during 2012 and at least 700 employees for the remaining years of the grant, (ii) investing at least 200.0 million in building, machinery, equipment or computer programs to be used in Puerto Rico during the effective term of the grant (to be made over four year capital investment cycles in 50.0 million increments), (iii) an additional best efforts capital investments requirement of 75.0 million by December 31, 2026 (to be made over four year capital investment cycles in 20.0 million the first three increments and 15.0 million the last increment); and (iv) 80 of EVERTEC Group employees must be residents of Puerto Rico. Failure to meet the requirements could result, among other things, in reductions in the benefits of the grant, tax penalties, other payment obligations or revocation of the grant in its entirety, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 The enactment of legislation implementing changes in tax legislation or policies in different geographic jurisdictions including the United States could materially impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We conduct business and file income tax returns in several jurisdictions. Our consolidated effective income tax rate could be materially adversely affected by several factors, including: changing tax laws, regulations and treaties, or the interpretation thereof (such as the recent United States Inflation Reduction Act which, among other changes, introduced a 15 corporate minimum tax on certain United States corporations and a 1 excise tax on certain stock redemptions by United States corporations, which the U.S. Treasury indicated may also apply to certain stock redemptions by a foreign corporation funded by certain United States affiliates); tax policy initiatives and reforms under consideration (such as those related to the Organization for Economic Co-Operation and Development s OECD Base Erosion and Profit Shifting, or BEPS, project and other initiatives); the practices of tax authorities in jurisdictions in which we operate; the resolution of issues arising from tax audits or examinations and any related interest or penalties. Such changes may include (but are not limited to) the taxation of operating income, investment income, dividends received or (in the specific context of withholding tax) dividends, royalties and interest paid. 
 
 We are unable to predict what tax reforms may be proposed or enacted in the future or what effect such changes would have on our business, but such changes, to the extent they are brought into tax legislation, regulations, policies or practices in jurisdictions in which we operate, could increase the estimated tax liability that we have expensed to date and paid or accrued on our Consolidated Statement of Financial Position, and otherwise affect our future results of operations, cash flows in a particular period and overall or effective tax rates in the future in countries where we have operations, reduce post-tax returns to our stockholders and increase the complexity, burden and cost of tax compliance. 

25 

Table of Contents 

 We are exposed to inflation, which could negatively affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 The markets in which we operate have recently experienced historically high levels of inflation. As inflation rates continue to increase or persist for a prolonged period of time, it may continue to affect our expenses, including, but not limited to, employee compensation expenses and benefits as well as increased general administrative costs. In the event inflation continues to increase, we may seek to increase the sales prices of our products and services in order to maintain satisfactory margins. Any attempts to offset cost increases with price increases may result in reduced sales, increase customer dissatisfaction or otherwise harm our reputation. Moreover, to the extent inflation has other adverse effects on the market, it may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Acquisitions, strategic investments, partnerships, or alliances could be difficult to identify, pose integration challenges, divert the attention of management, disrupt our business, dilute shareholder value, and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We may in the future seek to acquire or invest in businesses, joint ventures, products and platform capabilities, or technologies that we believe could complement or expand our products and platform capabilities, enhance our technical capabilities, or otherwise offer growth opportunities. Any such acquisition or investment may divert the attention of management and cause us to incur various expenses in identifying, investigating, and pursuing suitable opportunities, whether or not the transactions are completed, and may result in unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures. In particular, we may encounter difficulties assimilating or integrating the businesses, technologies, products and platform capabilities, personnel, or operations of the acquired companies, particularly if we are unable to retain the key personnel of the acquired company, their software is not easily adapted to work with our existing platforms, or we have difficulty retaining customer, vendors and other relationships of any acquired business due to changes in ownership, management, or otherwise. These transactions may also disrupt our business, divert our resources, and require significant management attention that would otherwise be available for development of our existing businesses. Any such transactions that we are able to complete may not result in any synergies or other benefits we had expected to achieve, which could result in substantial impairment charges. 
 
 In addition, we may not be able to find and identify desirable acquisition targets or business opportunities or be successful in entering into agreements with any particular strategic partner. We expect that certain of our competitors, many of which have greater resources than we do, will compete with us in acquiring complementary businesses or products. This competition could increase prices for potential acquisitions that we believe are attractive. Also, acquisitions are often subject to various regulatory approvals. If we fail to receive the appropriate regulatory approvals, we may not be able to consummate an acquisition that we believe is in our best interests and may incur significant costs. These transactions could also result in transaction fees, dilutive issuances of our equity securities, incurrence of debt or contingent liabilities, and fluctuations in quarterly results and expenses. Further, if the resulting business from such a transaction fails to meet our expectations, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected, or we may be exposed to unknown risks or liabilities. 
 
 We may acquire businesses located primarily or entirely outside the United States which could increase our current exposure to international operations located in the Caribbean and Latin America including currency exchange fluctuations, regulatory and organizational complexity, and varying economic, climatic and geopolitical circumstances. 

Risks Related to Our Securities, Corporate Structure and Governance 
 
 Future sales or the possibility of future sales of a substantial amount of our common stock may depress the price of shares of our common stock 
 
 We may sell additional shares of common stock in subsequent public offerings or otherwise, including financing acquisitions. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes us to issue 206,000,000 shares of common stock, of which 64,847,233 are outstanding as of December 31, 2022. All of these shares, other than the 11,654,803 shares held by our officers and directors, are freely transferable without restriction or further registration under the Securities Act. We cannot predict the size of future issuances of our common stock or the effect, if any that future issuances and sales of our common stock will have on the market price of our common stock. Sales of substantial amounts of our common stock (including any shares issued in connection with an acquisition), or the perception that such sales could occur, may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our common stock. 
 
 We are a holding company and rely on dividends and other payments, advances, and transfers of funds from our subsidiaries to meet our obligations and pay any dividends. 
 
 We have no direct operations or significant assets other than the ownership of 100 of the membership interest of Holdings, which in turn has no significant assets other than ownership of 100 of the membership interest of EVERTEC Group. Because 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 we conduct our operations through our subsidiaries, we depend on those entities for dividends and other payments to generate the funds necessary to meet our financial obligations, and to pay any dividends with respect to our common stock. Legal and contractual restrictions in our existing secured credit facilities and other agreements which may govern future indebtedness of our subsidiaries, as well as the financial condition and operating requirements of our subsidiaries, may limit our ability to obtain cash from our subsidiaries. We are prohibited from paying any cash dividend on our common stock unless we satisfy certain conditions. The secured credit facilities also include limitations on the ability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends to us. The earnings from, or other available assets of, our subsidiaries may not be sufficient to pay dividends or make distributions or loans or enable us to pay any dividends on our common stock or other obligations. 
 
 Our organizational documents may impede or discourage a takeover, which could deprive our investors of the opportunity to receive a premium for their shares. 
 
 Provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, and amended and restated bylaws may make it more difficult for, or prevent a third party from, acquiring control of us without the approval of our Board. These provisions include: 
 
 prohibiting cumulative voting in the election of directors; 
 
 authorizing the issuance of blank check preferred stock without any need for action by stockholders (as further described below); 
 
 prohibiting stockholders from acting by written consent unless the action is taken by unanimous written consent; and 
 
 establishing advance notice requirements for nominations for election to our Board or for proposing matters that can be acted on by stockholders at stockholder meetings. 
 
 Our issuance of shares of preferred stock could delay or prevent a change in control of us. Our Board has authority to issue shares of preferred stock. Our Board may issue preferred stock in one or more series, designate the number of shares constituting any series, and fix the rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions thereof, including dividend rights, voting rights, rights and terms of redemption, redemption price or prices and liquidation preferences of such series. The existence of the foregoing provisions, could limit the price that investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of our common stock. They could also deter potential acquirers of us, thereby reducing the likelihood that you could receive a premium for your common stock in an acquisition. 
 
 The market price of our common stock may be volatile. 
 
 The market price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly in response to a number of factors, some of which may be beyond our control. These factors include the perceived prospects for or actual operating results of our business; changes in estimates of our operating results by analysts, investors or our management; our actual operating results relative to such estimates or expectations; actions or announcements by us, our agents, or our competitors; litigation and judicial decisions; legislative or regulatory actions; and changes in general economic or market conditions. In addition, the stock market in general has from time to time experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations. These market fluctuations could reduce the market price of our common stock for reasons unrelated to our operating performance. 
 
 From time to time we are subject to various legal proceedings which could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 We are involved in various litigation matters from time to time. Such matters can be time-consuming, divert management s attention and resources and cause us to incur significant expenses. Our insurance or indemnities may not cover all claims that may be asserted against us, and any claims asserted against us, regardless of merit or eventual outcome, may harm our reputation. If we are unsuccessful in our defense in these litigation matters, or any other legal proceeding, we may be forced to pay damages or fines, enter into consent decrees or change our business practices, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 We continue to incur significant costs as a result of operating as a public company, and our management is required to devote substantial time to compliance with our public company responsibilities and corporate governance practices. 
 
 We are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the Dodd-Frank Act, the listing requirements of the NYSE and other applicable securities laws and regulations. The expenses incurred by public companies generally for reporting and corporate governance purposes have been increasing. Our management and other personnel devote a 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 substantial amount of time to compliance with these requirements. Moreover, these rules and regulations have increased and will continue to increase our legal and financial compliance costs and make some activities more time-consuming and costly. We cannot predict or estimate the amount of additional costs we will incur as a public company or the specific timing of such costs. Furthermore, if we are unable to satisfy our obligations as a public company or the specific timing of such costs, we could be subject to delisting of our common stock, fines, sanctions and other regulatory action and potentially civil litigation. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Indebtedness 
 
 Our leverage could adversely affect our ability to raise additional capital, limit our ability to react to changes in the economy or our industry, expose us to interest rate risk and prevent us from meeting our obligations with respect to our substantial indebtedness, and we and our subsidiaries may be able to incur significant additional indebtedness, which could further increase such risks. 
 
 We are leveraged. As of December 31, 2022, the total principal amount of our indebtedness was approximately 435.0 million. Our degree of leverage could have a significant impact on us, including (i) increasing our vulnerability to adverse economic, industry or competitive developments; (ii) requiring a substantial portion of cash flow from operations to be dedicated to the payment of principal and interest on our indebtedness, reducing our ability to use our cash flow for other purposes, including for our operations, capital expenditures and future business opportunities; (iii) exposing us to the risk of increased interest rates because our borrowings are predominantly at variable rates of interest; (iv) making it difficult for us to satisfy our indebtedness obligations generally, including complying with restrictive covenants and borrowing conditions, our noncompliance with which could result in an event of default under the agreements setting forth the terms of such indebtedness; (v) restricting us from making strategic acquisitions or causing us to make non-strategic divestitures; (vi) limiting our ability to obtain additional debt or equity financing for working capital, capital expenditures, business development, debt service requirements, acquisitions and general corporate or other purposes; and (vii) limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business or market conditions and placing us at a competitive disadvantage to competitors who may be less highly leveraged. 
 
 We and our subsidiaries may be able to incur substantial additional indebtedness in the future, some of which may be secured. In addition to the 174.0 million which was available for borrowing under our revolving credit facility as of December 31, 2022, the terms of the secured credit facilities enable us to increase the amount available under the term loan and/or revolving credit facilities if we are able to obtain loan commitments from banks and satisfy certain other conditions. If new debt is added to our and our subsidiaries existing debt levels, the related risks that we face would increase. 
 
 Further, borrowings under our secured credit facilities are at variable rates of interest and are exposed to market risk due to the floating interest rates. Our results of operations, cash flows and financial position could be affected adversely by significant fluctuations in interest rates from current levels. 
 
 If we are unable to comply with covenants in our debt instruments that limit our flexibility in operating our business or obligate us to take action such as deliver financial reports, we may default under our debt instruments and our indebtedness may become due. 
 
 The agreement setting forth the terms of the secured credit facilities contains, and any future indebtedness we incur may contain, various covenants that limit our ability to engage in specified types of transactions. These covenants limit our ability and our subsidiaries ability to, among other things: (i) incur or guarantee additional indebtedness; (ii) pay dividends or other distributions on, or repurchase or make distributions in respect of (or agree not to pay dividends or other distributions on , or repurchase or make distributions in respect of) our capital stock; (iii) make investments; (iv) sell assets; (v) grant (or agree not to grant) liens on our assets; (vi) consummate a consolidation, merger or similar transaction; (vii) enter into transactions with our affiliates; (viii) make payments in respect of certain indebtedness or modify the documents governing such indebtedness; and/or; (ix) modify our organizational documents. 
 
 We are also required under the secured credit facilities to maintain compliance with a maximum total net leverage ratio at the end of each fiscal quarter. 
 
 As a result of these covenants, we are limited in the manner in which we conduct our business, and we may be unable to engage in favorable business activities or finance future operations or capital needs. A breach of any of these covenants could result in a default under our secured credit facilities and other material agreements, including as a result of cross default provisions. Upon the occurrence of an event of default under the secured credit facilities, the lenders can cease making revolving loans to us and could elect to declare all amounts outstanding under the secured credit facilities to be immediately due and payable and terminate all commitments to extend further credit. Such actions by those lenders could also cause cross defaults under our other indebtedness. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

If any such debt is accelerated and we are unable to repay the amounts outstanding thereunder, the lenders under any such secured credit facilities could proceed against the collateral securing such indebtedness. We have pledged a significant portion of our assets as collateral under the secured credit facilities. If the lenders under the secured credit facilities accelerate the repayment of borrowings, the proceeds from the sale or foreclosure upon such assets will first be used to repay debt under our secured credit facilities and we may not have sufficient assets to repay our unsecured indebtedness thereafter. As a result, our common stock could be negatively impacted. 

29 

Table of Contents 

 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 None. 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 Our principal operations are conducted in Puerto Rico. Our principal executive offices are leased and located at Cupey Center Building, Road 176, Kilometer 1.3, San Juan, Puerto Rico 00926. 
 We own one property in Costa Rica, in the province of San Jose, which is used by our Costa Rican subsidiary for its payment services business. We also lease space in 13 other locations across Latin America and the Caribbean, including various data centers and office facilities to meet our sales and operating needs. We believe that our properties are in good operating condition and adequately serve our current business operations. We also anticipate that suitable additional or alternative space, including those under lease options, will be available at commercially reasonable terms for future expansion. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 We are defendants in various lawsuits or arbitration proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. Management believes, based on the opinion of legal counsel and other factors, that the aggregated liabilities, if any, arising from such actions will not have a material adverse effect on the financial condition, results of operations and the cash flows of the Company. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Part II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 Market Information for Common Stock 
 
 Our common stock trades on the NYSE under the symbol EVTC . 
 
 Holders of Record 
 
 As of February 17, 2023, there were 483 registered holders of our common stock. Given that many of our shares of common stock are held in street name by brokers and other institutions on behalf of stockholders, we are unable to estimate the total number of stockholders represented by these record holders. 
 
 Dividends 
 
 The Company has a history of paying cash dividends. Any declaration and payment of future dividends to holders of our common stock will be at the discretion of our Board and will depend on many factors, including our financial condition, earnings, available cash, business opportunities, legal requirements, restrictions in our debt agreements and other contracts, capital requirements, level of indebtedness and other factors that our Board deems relevant. The covenants of our secured credit facilities may limit our ability to pay dividends on our common stock and limit the ability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends to us if we do not meet required performance metrics contained in our debt agreements. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Financial Obligations. 
 
 We are a holding company and have no direct operations. We will only be able to pay dividends from our available cash on hand and funds received from our subsidiaries, Holdings and EVERTEC Group, whose ability to make any payments to us will depend upon many factors, including their operating results and cash flows. In addition, the secured credit facilities limit EVERTEC Inc. s ability to pay distributions on its equity interests. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Financial Obligations. 
 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 The following table summarizes repurchases of shares of the Company's common stock in the three month period ended December 31, 2022: 
 
 Period Total number of shares purchased Average price paid per share Total number of shares purchased as part of a publicly announced program (1) 
 Approximate dollar value of shares that may yet be purchased under the program 10/1/2022-10/31/2022 412,252 32.62 412,252 11/1/2022-11/30/2022 156,147 34.01 156,147 12/1/2022-12/31/2022 172,638 30.74 172,638 741,037 32.94 741,037 78,198,083 
 
 (1) On February 24, 2022, the Company announced that its Board approved an increase to the current stock 
 repurchase program, authorizing the purchase of up to an aggregate of 150 million shares of the Company s common stock under the program which expires on December 31, 2023. 
 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans On May 20, 2022 (the Effective Date ), the Company s stockholders approved the Company s 2022 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2022 Plan which replaced the Company s 2013 Equity Incentive Plan. The 2022 Plan allows the Company to grant 5,250,000 shares of common stock. In addition, 757,357 shares remaining available for grant under the 2013 Plan as of the Effective Date were rolled over to the 2022 Plan and are available to be granted as of the Effective Date. Under the terms of the 2022 Plan, any shares of common stock of the Company covered by outstanding awards under the 2013 Plan as of the Effective Date will again become available for grant, to the extent the shares underlying such awards are not issued because they are forfeited or settled or terminated without distribution of shares of common stock of the Company. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

The following table summarizes equity compensation plans approved by security holders and equity compensation plans that were not approved by security holders as of December 31, 2022: 
 Plan Category Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights (A) Weighted average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights (B) Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (A)) (C) Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 1,363,780 0.00 4,596,629 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders N/A N/A N/A 

Stock Performance Graph 
 
 The following Performance Graph shall not be deemed incorporated by reference and shall not constitute soliciting material or otherwise considered filed under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Exchange Act. 
 
 The following graph shows a comparison of the cumulative total return for our common stock, the Russell 2000 Index and the S P Composite 1500 / Information Technology Index for the five years ended December 31, 2022. The graph assumes that 100 was invested on December 31, 2017 in our common stock and each index and that all dividends were reinvested. 

Note that historical stock price performance is not necessarily indicative of future stock price performance. 

32 

Table of Contents 

Item 6. [Reserved] 

33 

Table of Contents 

 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The following Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations MD A focuses on discussion of our 2022 results as compared to our 2021 results. For discussion of our 2021 results as compared to our 2020 results, see Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation within our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 filed with the SEC on February 25, 2022. See Note 1 of the Notes to Audited Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information about the Company and the basis of presentation of our financial statements. You should read the following discussion and analysis in conjunction with the financial statements and related notes appearing elsewhere herein. This MD A contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. See Forward-Looking Statements for a discussion of the risks, uncertainties and assumptions associated with these statements. 

Overview 
 
 EVERTEC is a leading full-service transaction-processing business in Puerto Rico, the Caribbean and Latin America, providing a broad range of merchant acquiring, payment services and business process management services. According to the September 2022 Nilson Report, we are one of the largest merchant acquirers in Latin America based on total number of transactions and we believe we are the largest merchant acquirer in the Caribbean. We serve 26 countries in the region out of 12 offices, including our headquarters in Puerto Rico. We own and operate the ATH network, which we believe is one of the leading personal identification number PIN debit networks in Latin America. We process over six billion transactions annually through a system of electronic payment networks in Puerto Rico and Latin America and a comprehensive suite of services for core banking, cash processing, and fulfillment in Puerto Rico. Additionally, we offer technology outsourcing and payment transactions fraud monitoring to all the regions we serve. We serve a diversified customer base of leading financial institutions, merchants, corporations, and government agencies with mission-critical technology solutions that enable them to issue, process and accept transactions securely. We believe our business is well-positioned to continue to expand across the fast-growing Latin American region. 
 
 We are differentiated, in part, by our diversified business model, which enables us to provide our varied customer base with a broad range of transaction-processing services from a single source across numerous channels and geographic markets. We believe this capability provides several competitive advantages that will enable us to continue to penetrate our existing customer base with complementary new services, win new customers, develop new sales channels, and enter new markets. We believe these competitive advantages include: 
 
 Our ability to provide competitive products; 
 Our ability to provide in one package a range of services that traditionally had to be sourced from different vendors; 
 Our ability to serve customers with disparate operations in several geographies with technology solutions that enable them to manage their business as one enterprise; and 
 Our ability to capture and analyze data across the transaction-processing value chain and use that data to provide value-added services that are differentiated from those offered by pure-play vendors that serve only one portion of the transaction-processing value chain (such as only merchant acquiring or payment services). 
 
 Our broad suite of services spans the entire transaction processing value chain and includes a range of front-end customer-facing solutions such as the electronic capture and authorization of transactions at the point-of-sale for both card present transactions and card not present transactions, as well as back-end support services such as the clearing and settlement of transactions and account reconciliation for card issuers. These include: (i) merchant acquiring services, which enable point of sales POS and e-commerce merchants to accept and process electronic methods of payment such as debit, credit, prepaid and electronic benefit transfer EBT cards; (ii) payment processing services, which enable financial institutions and other issuers to manage, support and facilitate the processing for credit, debit, prepaid, automated teller machines ATM and EBT card programs; and (iii) business process management solutions, which provide mission-critical technology solutions such as core bank processing, as well as IT outsourcing and cash management services to financial institutions, corporations and governments. We provide these services through scalable, end-to-end technology platforms that we manage and operate in-house and that generate significant operating efficiencies that enable us to maximize profitability. 
 
 We sell and distribute our services primarily through a proprietary direct sales force with established customer relationships. We continue to pursue joint ventures and merchant acquiring alliances. We benefit from an attractive business model, the hallmarks of which are recurring revenue, scalability, significant operating margins and moderate capital expenditure requirements. Our revenue is predominantly recurring in nature because of the mission-critical and embedded nature of the services we provide. In addition, we generally enter into multi-year contracts with our customers. We believe our business 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 model should enable us to continue to grow our business organically in the primary markets we serve without significant incremental capital expenditures. 

Relationship with Popular 
 
 On September 30, 2010, EVERTEC Group entered into a 15-year MSA, and several related agreements with Popular. Under the terms of the MSA, Popular agreed to use EVERTEC services on an ongoing exclusive basis for the duration of the agreement. On July 1, 2022, we modified and extended the main commercial agreements with Popular, which had initial terms ending in 2025, including a 10-year extension of the Merchant Acquiring Independent Sales Organization Agreement (as amended, the A R ISO Agreement ), a 5-year extension of the ATH Network Participation Agreement and a 3-year extension of the MSA (the A R MSA Agreement ). The A R ISO Agreement, which sets our merchant acquiring relationship with Popular, now includes revenue sharing provisions with Popular. The MSA modifications include the elimination of the exclusivity requirement, the inclusion of annual MSA minimums through September 30, 2028, a 10 discount on certain MSA services beginning in October of 2025 and adjustments to the existing CPI pricing escalator clause. On the same date, we also sold to Popular certain assets in exchange for 4.6 million shares of EVERTEC common stock owned by Popular (collectively with the contract amendments, the Popular Transaction ). On August 15, 2022, through a secondary offering, Popular sold its remaining shares of EVERTEC common stock and as of this date no longer holds any shares of EVERTEC common stock. EVERTEC is no longer deemed a subsidiary of Popular under the Bank Holding Company Act. Popular continues to be the Company s largest customer and at December 31, 2022 approximately 39 of our revenues were generated from this relationship. 

2022 Developments 
 
 The Company s Board of Directors approved regular quarterly dividends of 0.05 per common share in February, April, July and October of 2022. The Board anticipates declaring this dividend in future quarters on a regular basis; however future declarations of dividends are subject to the Board s approval and may be adjusted as business needs or market conditions change. 
 
 On July 1, 2022, EVERTEC completed the Popular Transaction as described above. 
 
 Additionally, on July 1, 2022, EVERTEC Group completed the purchase of 100 of the share capital of BBR SpA, a Santiago, Chile based payment and technology solutions company with an office in Per ("BBR"). The aggregate purchase price for the shares is CLP 48,600 million, approximately USD 53 million. 

Factors and Trends Affecting the Results of Our Operations 
 
 The ongoing migration from cash and paper methods of payment to electronic payments continues to benefit the transaction- processing industry globally. We believe that the penetration of electronic payments in the markets in which we operate is significantly lower relative to the U.S. market, which, together with the ongoing shift from cash and paper methods of payment to electronic payments will continue to generate growth opportunities for our business. For example, currently the adoption of banking products, including electronic payments, in the Latin America and Caribbean region is lower relative to the mature U.S. and European markets. We believe that the unbanked and underbanked population in our markets will continue to shrink, and therefore drive incremental penetration and growth of electronic payments in Puerto Rico and other Latin America regions. We also benefit from the outsourcing of technology systems and processes trend for financial institutions and government. Many medium- and small-size institutions in the Latin American markets in which we operate have outdated computer systems and updating these IT legacy systems is financially and logistically challenging, which presents a business opportunity for us. 
 
 In recent years, consumer preference has accelerated its shift away from cash and paper payment methods, noting increased demand for omni-channel payment services that facilitate cashless and contactless transactions. The markets in which we operate, particularly Latin America and the Caribbean continue to grow and consumer preference is driving an increase for electronic payments usage. Latin America is one of the fastest-growing mobile markets globally, with a growing base of tech-savvy customers that demonstrate a preference for credit cards, digital wallets, contactless payments, and other value-added offerings. The region's FinTech sector is driving change via new contactless payment technology that are becoming popular alternatives to cash payments. We continue to believe that the attractive characteristics of our markets and our position across multiple services and sectors will continue to drive growth and profitability in our businesses. 
 
 On July 1, 2022, we closed the previously announced Popular Transaction, which includes extensions and amendments to the main commercial agreements with Banco Popular. The extension of the A R ISO Agreement includes a revenue sharing provision which will be treated as an expense and has resulted, and we expect will continue to result in a decline to the Merchant Acquiring Segment Adjusted EBITDA and margin. The extension of the MSA includes a reduction in the CPI cap 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 from 5 to 1.5 , as well as a retroactive one-time credit for the 5 CPI price increase applied to certain services since October 1, 2021 through closing, both of which negatively impacted our results of operations, and we expect will continue to negatively impact revenue and consequently, margin of our Business Solutions Segment and, to a lesser extent, the Payment Services Puerto Rico Segment. Additionally, as part of the amendments to the MSA, there will be contractual revenue minimums through 2028. As part of the Popular Transaction, we also sold certain assets from our Business Solutions Segment to Banco Popular, which has resulted, and we expect will continue to result in a reduction in revenue and margin for this segment. 
 
 Finally, our financial condition and results of operations are, in part, dependent on the economic and general conditions of the geographies in which we operate. Rising interest rates, inflationary pressures and economic uncertainty in the markets in which we operate may affect consumer confidence which could result in a decrease in consumer spending and an impact to our financial results. 

Critical Accounting Estimates 
 
 Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with GAAP. In connection with the preparation of our financial statements, we are required to make estimates and assumptions about future events and apply judgments that affect the reported amounts of certain assets and liabilities, and in some instances, the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the period. 
 
 We base our assumptions, estimates, and judgments on historical experience, current events, and other factors that management believes to be relevant at the time our consolidated financial statements are prepared. However, because future events are inherently uncertain and their effects cannot be determined with certainty, actual results could differ from our assumptions and estimates, and such differences could be material. A summary of significant accounting policies is included in Note 1 of the Notes to Audited Consolidated Financial Statements appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We believe that the following accounting estimates is the most critical; require the most difficult, subjective, or complex judgments; and thus, results in estimates that are inherently uncertain. 
 
 Revenue Recognition 
 
 The Company s revenue recognition policy follows the guidance from Accounting Standards Codification ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers , which provide guidance on the recognition, presentation, and disclosure of revenue in consolidated financial statements. Application of this policy requires us to make certain judgements and estimates. 
 
 Complex arrangements with nonstandard terms and conditions may require significant contract interpretation to determine the appropriate accounting. Specifically, when another party is involved in providing goods or services to a customer, the Company evaluates, for each performance obligation, whether it is providing the goods or services itself (i.e., as principal), or if it is only arranging on behalf of the other party. Changes in judgement with respect to assumptions and estimates in revenue recognition could impact the amount of revenue recognized. 
 
 Valuation of Goodwill 
 
 The valuation of goodwill for impairment require the use of significant estimates and assumptions. The Company may test for goodwill impairment using a qualitative or a quantitative analysis. In a qualitative analysis, the Company assesses whether it is "more likely than not" that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. In the quantitative analysis, the Company compares the estimated fair value of the reporting units to their carrying values, including goodwill. The estimated fair value of the reporting units is computed using a combination of an income approach and a market approach. The income approach involves projecting the cash flows that the reporting unit is expected to generate and converting these cash flows into a present value equivalent through discounting. Significant estimates and assumptions used in the cash flow projection include, among others, earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization ("EBITDA") margins, and the selection of discount rates. Internal projections are based on the Company s historical experience and estimated future business performance. The discount rate used is based on the weighted-average cost of capital, which reflects the rate of return expected to be earned by market participants and the estimated cost to obtain long-term debt financing. The market approach estimates the value of a reporting unit by using multiples of revenue and EBITDA based on the guidelines of publicly traded companies. Valuation using the market approach requires management to make assumptions related to EBITDA multiples. Comparable businesses are selected based on the market in which the reporting units operate, considering size, profitability and growth. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 For a description of recent accounting standards, see Note 2 of the Notes to Audited Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 
 EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted Earnings per common share, as presented in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, are supplemental measures of our performance that are not required by or presented in accordance with GAAP. They are not measurements of our financial performance under GAAP and should not be considered as alternatives to total revenues, net income or any other performance measures derived in accordance with GAAP or as alternatives to cash flows from operating activities as measures of our liquidity. Adjusted EBITDA at the segment level is reported to the chief operating decision maker for purposes of making decisions about allocating resources to the segments and assessing their performance. For this reason, Adjusted EBITDA, as it relates to our segments, is presented in conformity with ASC 280, Segment Reporting , and is excluded from the definition of non-GAAP financial measures under the Securities and Exchange Commission's Regulation G and Item 10(e) of Regulation S-K. 
 
 For more information regarding EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted Earnings per common share, including a quantitative reconciliation of EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted Earnings per common share to the most directly comparable GAAP financial performance measure, which is net income, see Net Income Reconciliation to EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted Earnings per common share and Covenant Compliance below. 

Results of Operations Years ended December 31, (In thousands) 2022 2021 Variance Revenues 618,409 589,796 28,613 5 Operating costs and expenses Cost of revenues, exclusive of depreciation and amortization shown below 292,621 250,164 42,457 17 Selling, general and administrative expenses 89,770 68,048 21,722 32 Depreciation and amortization 78,618 75,070 3,548 5 Total operating costs and expenses 461,009 393,282 67,727 17 Income from operations 157,400 196,514 (39,114) (20) 
 
 Revenues 
 
 Total revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 618.4 million, an increase of 28.6 million compared to 589.8 million in the prior year. Revenue in Puerto Rico increased in both the Merchant Acquiring and Payment Services segments, benefiting from increased transaction volumes as well as pricing initiatives implemented during the year. Merchant Acquiring revenue also benefited from two additional months in 2022 from the expanded FirstBank relationship. Payment Services in Puerto Rico continues to benefit from growth from ATH Movil Business as well as revenue generated from an acquisition completed in the second quarter. Business Solutions revenue decreased primarily due to the impact from assets sold as part of the Popular Transaction and the one-time credit granted upon closing, partially offset by revenue generated from projects completed in connection with closing, one-time hardware and software sales and revenue generated from the printing contract entered into in June 2021. Latin America revenue benefited from strong organic growth from existing customers and the revenue contribution from the BBR acquisition completed in the third quarter. 
 
 Cost of revenues 
 
 Cost of revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 amounted to 292.6 million, an increase of 42.5 million or 17 when compared to the same period in the prior year. The increase in cost of revenues was primarily driven by an increase in personnel costs, in part due to the impact of increased headcount in Latin America and the added headcount from the BBR acquisition. The year over year variance also reflected higher equipment expenses for cloud services as utilization continues to grow, an increase in printing supply expense, an increase in provisions for operational losses and an increase in cost of sales mainly due to the new revenue sharing agreement with Popular resulting from the Popular Transaction. Cost of revenues also includes a 4.1 million impairment loss related to a multi-year software development recorded during the second quarter. 
 
 37 

Table of Contents 

38 

Table of Contents 

 Selling, general and administrative 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 amounted to 89.8 million, an increase of 21.7 million or 32 when compared to the same period in the prior year driven by an increase in personnel costs as well as an increase in professional fees. 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 
 Depreciation and amortization expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 amounted to 78.6 million, an increase of 3.5 million or 5 when compared to the same period in the prior year. Increased expense during the year is driven by the amortization of intangible assets created in connection with acquisitions completed in 2022, as well as increased depreciation expense for hardware upgrades completed during the year. 
 
 Non-operating income (expenses) Years ended December 31, (In thousands) 2022 2021 Variance Interest income 3,121 1,889 1,232 65 Interest expense (24,772) (22,810) (1,962) 9 Gain on sale of a business 135,642 135,642 100 (Loss) gain on foreign currency remeasurement (7,645) 1,897 (9,542) (503) Earnings of equity method investment 2,968 1,713 1,255 73 Other income 1,138 2,502 (1,364) (55) Total non-operating income (expenses) 110,452 (14,809) 125,261 (846) 
 
 Non-operating income for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased by 125.3 million to 110.5 million when compared to the same period in the prior year, as it includes the gain from the Popular Transaction of 135.6 million, an increase of 1.3 million in earnings from the Company s equity method investment and an increase of 1.2 million in interest income. Partially offsetting these increases was a loss on foreign currency remeasurement of 7.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared with a gain of 1.9 million in prior year, a 2.0 million increase in interest expense due to an increase in interest rates and the benefit of the gain on sale of assets included in other income in the prior year, while none in 2022. 
 
 Income tax expense Years ended December 31, (In thousands) 2022 2021 Variance Income tax expense 28,983 20,562 8,421 41 
 
 Income tax expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 amounted to 29.0 million, an increase of 8.4 million when compared to the same period in the prior year. The effective tax rate for the period was 10.8 , compared with 11.3 in the 2021 period. The decrease in the effective tax rate was primarily driven by the impact of the Popular Transaction which was taxed at a preferential tax rate and the impact from the reversal of a potential liability for uncertain tax positions because of the expiration of the statute of limitation, partially offset by the impact of higher revenues in higher taxed jurisdictions, a shift in the mix of business in Puerto Rico and higher withholding taxes. 

Segment Results of Operations 
 
 The Company operates in four business segments: Payment Services - Puerto Rico Caribbean, Payment Services - Latin America (collectively Payment Services segments ), Merchant Acquiring, and Business Solutions. 
 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 The Payment Services - Puerto Rico Caribbean segment revenues are comprised of revenues related to providing access to the ATH debit network and other card networks to financial institutions, including related services such as authorization, processing, management and recording of ATM and point of sale POS transactions, ATM management and monitoring, ATH Movil and ATH Business. The segment revenues also include revenues from card processing services (such as credit and debit card processing, authorization and settlement and fraud monitoring and control to debit or credit issuers), payment processing services (such as payment and billing products for merchants, businesses, and financial institutions) and EBT (which principally consist of services to the government of Puerto Rico for the delivery of benefits to participants). For ATH debit network and processing services, revenues are primarily driven by the number of transactions processed. Revenues are derived primarily from network fees, transaction switching and processing fees, and the leasing of POS devices. For card issuer processing, revenues are primarily dependent upon the number of cardholder accounts on file, transactions and authorizations processed, the number of cards embossed and other processing services. For EBT services, revenues are primarily derived from the number of beneficiaries on file. 
 
 The Payment Services - Latin America segment revenues consist of revenues related to providing access to the ATH network of ATMs and other card networks to financial institutions, including related services such as authorization, processing, management and recording of ATM and POS transactions, and ATM management and monitoring. The segment revenues also include revenues from card processing services (such as credit and debit card processing, authorization and settlement and fraud monitoring and control to debit or credit issuers), payment processing services (such as payment and billing products for merchants, businesses, and financial institutions), as well as licensed software solutions for risk and fraud management and card payment processing. For network and processing services, revenues are primarily driven by the number of transactions processed. Revenues are derived primarily from network fees, transaction switching and processing fees, and the leasing of POS devices. For card issuer processing, revenues are primarily dependent upon the number of cardholder accounts on file, transactions and authorizations processed, the number of cards embossed, and other processing services. 
 
 The Merchant Acquiring segment consists of revenues from services that allow merchants to accept electronic methods of payment. In the Merchant Acquiring segment, revenues include a discount fee and membership fees charged to merchants, debit network fees, fees from payment and collection platforms, and rental fees from POS devices and other equipment, net of credit card interchange and assessment fees charged by credit cards associations (such as VISA or MasterCard) or payment networks. The discount fee is generally a percentage of the transaction value. EVERTEC also charges merchants for other services that are unrelated to the number of transactions or the transaction value. 
 
 The Business Solutions segment consists of revenues from a full suite of business process management solutions in various product areas such as core bank processing, network hosting and management, IT professional services, business process outsourcing, item processing, cash processing, and fulfillment. Core bank processing and network services revenues are derived in part from a recurrent fixed fee, from fees based on the number of accounts on file (i.e., savings or checking accounts, loans, etc.), or computer resources utilized. Revenues from other processing services within the Business Solutions segment are generally volume-based and depend on factors such as the number of accounts processed. In addition, EVERTEC is a reseller of hardware and software products and these resale transactions are generally non-recurring. 
 
 In addition to the four operating segments described above, management identified certain functional cost areas that operate independently and do not constitute businesses in themselves. These areas could neither be concluded as operating segments nor could they be combined with any other operating segments. Therefore, these areas are aggregated and presented as Corporate and Other category in the financial statements alongside the operating segments. The Corporate and Other category consists of corporate overhead expenses, intersegment eliminations, certain leveraged activities and other non-operating and miscellaneous expenses that are not included in the operating segments. The overhead and leveraged costs relate to activities such as: 
 
 marketing, 
 corporate finance and accounting, 
 human resources, 
 legal, 
 risk management functions, 
 internal audit, 
 corporate debt related costs, 
 non-operating depreciation and amortization expenses generated as a result of merger and acquisition activity, 
 intersegment revenues and expenses, and 
 other non-recurring fees and expenses that are not considered when management evaluates financial performance at a segment level. 
 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 The Chief Operating Decision Maker CODM reviews the operating segments separate financial information to assess performance and to allocate resources. Management evaluates the operating results of each of its operating segments based upon revenues and Adjusted Earnings before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization Adjusted EBITDA ). Adjusted EBITDA is defined as EBITDA further adjusted to exclude unusual items and other adjustments. Adjusted EBITDA, as it relates to operating segments, is presented in conformity with ASC 280, Segment Reporting , given that it is reported to the CODM for purposes of allocating resources. Segment asset disclosure is not used by the CODM as a measure of segment performance since the segment evaluation is driven by revenues and adjusted EBITDA. As such, segment assets are not disclosed in the notes to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 
 See Note 25 of the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the reconciliation of EBITDA to consolidated net income. 
 
 The following tables set forth information about the Company s operations by its four business segments for the periods indicated below. 
 
 Payment Services - Puerto Rico Caribbean Years ended December 31, (In thousands) 2022 2021 Revenues 178,481 155,392 Adjusted EBITDA 100,780 89,939 Adjusted EBITDA margin 56.5 57.9 
 
 Payment Services - Puerto Rico Caribbean segment revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased by 23.1 million to 178.5 million when compared to the same period in the prior year. The increase in revenues was primarily driven by an increase in transaction volumes, mainly POS processing, the continued strong digital payments growth from ATH Movil Business, higher issuing services and the revenue contribution from the acquisition completed in the second quarter. Segment revenue also benefited from an increase in transaction processing and monitoring revenue recognized for services provided to the Payment Services - Latin America Segment. Adjusted EBITDA increased by 10.8 million to 100.8 million driven by the increase in revenues partially offset by higher operating expenses, including the 4.1 million impairment charge discussed in Cost of Revenues above, higher personnel costs, cloud services, and the impact from the one-time credit granted upon closing of the Popular Transaction. 
 
 Payment Services - Latin America Years ended December 31, (In thousands) 2022 2021 Revenues 128,221 105,963 Adjusted EBITDA 36,074 42,502 Adjusted EBITDA margin 28.1 40.1 
 
 Payment Services - Latin America segment revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased by 22.3 million to 128.2 million driven mainly by organic growth in all regions as well as revenue generated from the BBR acquisition completed in the third quarter. Additionally, revenues benefited from an increase in intercompany software developments and transaction processing revenue recognized for services provided to the Payment Services - Puerto Rico Caribbean segment. Adjusted EBITDA decreased by 6.4 million primarily due to a 6.6 million loss from foreign currency remeasurement of assets and liabilities denominated in US dollars compared with a 1.9 million gain in the prior year, an increase in operating expenses driven by higher personnel costs, mainly due to an increase in headcount including employees from the BBR acquisition, and increases in fees for transaction processing and monitoring services from the Payment Services - Puerto Rico Caribbean segment as more transactions are processed in the Company's centralized platforms, partially offset by the increase in revenues. 
 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 Merchant Acquiring Years ended December 31, (In thousands) 2022 2021 Revenues 151,085 143,965 Adjusted EBITDA 63,607 73,872 Adjusted EBITDA margin 42.1 51.3 
 
 Merchant Acquiring segment revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased by 7.1 million to 151.1 million mainly as a result of an increase in sales volume as well as the benefit of pricing initiatives implemented throughout the year. Additionally, the current year benefited from two additional months of the expanded relationship with FirstBank of Puerto Rico in connection with the acquisition of the customer relationship in the first quarter of 2021. Adjusted EBITDA decreased by 10.3 million as the increase in revenues was entirely offset by an increase in operating expenses driven by the impact of the revenue sharing agreement with Popular that began on July 1, 2022 and higher transaction processing costs as a result of a lower average ticket. 
 
 Business Solutions Years ended December 31, (In thousands) 2022 2021 Revenues 235,299 243,807 Adjusted EBITDA 100,568 116,488 Adjusted EBITDA margin 42.7 47.8 
 
 Business Solutions segment revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased by 8.5 million to 235.3 million primarily driven by the impact from the Popular Transaction, specifically, the one-time credit granted to Popular upon closing amounting to 6.3 million and the impact from the sale of assets to Popular which the Company estimates at 30 million annually, in addition to lower hardware and software sales. These negative impacts were partially offset by revenue generated from projects completed in connection with closing of the Popular Transaction. Adjusted EBITDA decreased by 15.9 million to 100.6 million because of the decrease in revenue, the impact from the sale of assets included in the Popular Transaction which were of higher margin, and an increase in operating expenses, mainly printing supplies expense that has been impacted by the inflationary environment. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Liquidity 
 
 Our principal source of liquidity is cash generated from operations, and our primary liquidity requirements are the funding of working capital needs, capital expenditures, and acquisitions. We also have a 200.0 million Revolving Facility, of which 174.0 million was available for borrowing as of December 31, 2022. The Company issues letters of credit against our Revolving Facility which reduce our availability of funds to be drawn. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had cash and cash equivalents of 197.2 million, of which 119.7 million resides in our subsidiaries located outside of Puerto Rico for purposes of (i) funding the respective subsidiary s current business operations and (ii) funding potential future investment outside of Puerto Rico. We intend to indefinitely reinvest these funds outside of Puerto Rico, and based on our liquidity forecast, we will not need to repatriate this cash to fund the Puerto Rico operations or to meet debt-service obligations. However, if in the future we determine that we no longer need to maintain cash balances within our foreign subsidiaries, we may elect to distribute such cash to the Company in Puerto Rico. Distributions from the foreign subsidiaries to Puerto Rico may be subject to tax withholding and other tax consequences. Additionally, our credit agreement imposes certain restrictions on the distribution of dividends from subsidiaries. 
 
 Our primary use of cash is for operating expenses, working capital requirements, capital expenditures, acquisitions, dividend payments, share repurchases, debt service, and other transactions as opportunities present themselves. 
 
 Based on our current level of operations, we believe our cash flows from operations and the available secured Revolving Facility will be adequate to meet our liquidity needs at least for the next twelve months from the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. However, our ability to fund future operating expenses, dividend payments, capital expenditures, mergers and 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 acquisitions, and our ability to make scheduled payments of interest, to pay principal on or refinance our indebtedness and to satisfy any other of our present or future debt obligations will depend on our future operating performance, which may be affected by general economic, financial, and other factors beyond our control. 
 
 Comparison of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 The following table presents our cash flows from operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: Years ended December 31, (In thousands) 2022 2021 Cash provided by operating activities 223,361 228,420 Cash used in investing activities (133,324) (83,820) Cash used in financing activities (156,768) (81,285) Effect of foreign exchange rate on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash (3,529) 1,497 Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash (70,260) 64,812 
 Net cash provided by operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 223.4 million, a decrease of 5.1 million compared to 2021. The decrease was primarily driven by the effects from the sale of a business to Popular and the one-time credit granted to them upon closing, partially offset by less cash used to pay down accounts payable and accrued liabilities as the Company continues to effectively manage working capital. 
 Net cash used in investing activities increased 49.5 million to 133.3 million. The increase is primarily attributable to the BBR acquisition closed on July 1, 2022 for 44.4 million and a 7.3 million purchase of certificates of deposit, which were transferred upon closing of the BBR acquisition, and an increase in capital expenditures for additions to software and purchases of property, plant and equipment of 5.0 million, partially offset by proceeds from the maturity of available-for-sale debt securities of 1.0 million, as well as a decrease in acquisitions of customer relationships of 4.1 million given that the prior year acquisition amounted to 14.8 million while the acquisition in the current year amounted to 10.6 million. 
 
 Net cash used in financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 156.8 million, compared to 81.3 million in prior year. Financing activities reflect the impact of the issuance of new debt as part of the 2022 Credit Agreement and concurrent termination of the long-term debt issued under the 2018 Credit Agreement as well as a 20 million draw on our Revolving Credit Facility. Additionally cash used to repurchase stock increased by 72.2 million. 
 
 Capital Resources 
 
 Our principal capital expenditures are for hardware and computer software (purchased and internally developed) and additions to property and equipment. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company invested approximately 71.9 million and 66.9 million, respectively. Additionally, the Company acquired a business for 44.4 million, net of cash acquired, as well as 7.3 million in certificates of deposit in connection with this business acquisition in 2022. The Company acquired customer relationships amounting to 10.6 million and 14.8 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively and acquired 0.3 million in available-for-sale debt securities, compared with 3.0 million in 2021. Generally, we fund capital expenditures with cash flow generated from operations and, if necessary, borrowings under our Revolving Facility. 
 
 Dividend Payments 
 
 The Company pays a regular quarterly dividend on common stock, subject to the declaration thereof by our Board each quarter. Any declaration and payment of future dividends to holders of our common stock will be at the discretion of our Board and will depend on many factors, including our financial condition, earnings, available cash, business opportunities, legal requirements, restrictions in our debt agreements and other contracts, capital requirements, level of indebtedness and other factors that our 
 Board deems relevant. Refer to the table below for details regarding our dividends in 2022 and 2021: 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 Declaration Date Record Date Payment Date Dividend per share February 18, 2021 March 1, 2021 March 26, 2021 0.05 April 22, 2021 May 3, 2021 June 4, 2021 0.05 July 22, 2021 August 2, 2021 September 3, 2021 0.05 October 21, 2021 November 1, 2021 December 3, 2021 0.05 February 15, 2022 February 25, 2022 March 25, 2022 0.05 April 21, 2022 May 2, 2022 June 3, 2022 0.05 July 28, 2022 August 8, 2022 September 2, 2022 0.05 October 21, 2022 November 1, 2022 December 2, 2022 0.05 
 Stock Repurchase 
 
 During 2022, the Company repurchased 2,810,182 shares of the Company s common stock at a cost of 96.6 million. The Company funded such repurchase with cash on hand. At December 31, 2022, the Company's share repurchase program has approximately 78 million remaining and approved for future use. The Company may repurchase shares in the open market, through accelerated share repurchase programs, 10b5-1 plans, or in privately negotiated transactions, subject to business opportunities and other factors. 

Financial Obligations 
 
 Leases 
 
 The Company has operating leases for certain office facilities, buildings, telecommunications and other equipment; and finance leases for certain equipment. The Company s lease contracts have remaining terms ranging from 1 year to 6 years, some of which may include options to extend the leases for up to 5 years, and some which may include the option to terminate the lease within 1 year. 
 
 The following table presents the balance of operating lease obligations: December 31, (In thousands) 2022 2021 Operating lease liability - current 5,936 5,580 Operating lease liability - long-term 10,788 16,456 Total operating lease liabilities 16,724 22,036 
 
 See Note 24 of the Notes to Audited Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding operating lease obligations. 
 
 2022 Secured Credit Facilities 
 
 On December 1, 2022 (the Closing Date ), EVERTEC and EVERTEC Group, entered into a credit agreement (the Credit Agreement with a syndicate of lenders and Truist Bank Truist ), as administrative agent and collateral agent, providing for (i) a 415.0 million term loan A facility (the Term Loan Facility and (ii) a 200.0 million revolving credit facility (the Revolving Facility , and together with the Term Loan Facility, the 2022 Credit Facilities ). The 2022 Credit Facilities mature on December 1, 2027 (the Maturity Date ). Concurrently with the execution of the 2022 Credit Agreement, the Company terminated the existing senior secured credit facilities. 
 
 Scheduled Amortization Payments 
 
 The Term Loan Facility amortizes in equal quarterly installments at a rate per annum equal to, initially, 5 of the principal amount and, for any installment payments to be made in the calendar year ending 2027, 7.5 of the principal amount, with the balance payable on the Maturity Date. The Revolving Credit Facility terminates on the Maturity Date, and loans thereunder may be borrowed, repaid and reborrowed prior thereto. 
 
 Voluntary Prepayments and Reduction and Termination of Commitments 
 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 EVERTEC Group may prepay loans under the Term Loan Facility and permanently reduce the loan commitments under the Revolving Facility at any time without premium or penalty, subject to compensation for any break funding costs incurred by a lender and timely submission of a notice of prepayment or commitment reduction, as applicable. EVERTEC Group is required to make certain mandatory prepayments of the 2022 Credit Facilities in certain circumstances. 
 
 Interest 
 
 The interest rates under the 2022 Credit Facilities denominated in US Dollars, are based on, at EVERTEC Group s option (a) the Adjusted Term SOFR for the Interest Period in effect for such borrowing plus an applicable margin of 1.50 per annum, which applicable margin is subject to four 25 bps step-ups (i.e. 1.75 , 2.00 , 2.25 or 2.50 per annum) based upon the Company s total net leverage ratio or (b) the ABR plus an applicable margin of 0.50 per annum, which applicable margin is subject to four 25 bps step-ups (i.e. 0.75 , 1.00 , 1.25 or 1.50 per annum) based upon the Company s total net leverage ratio. Borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility that are denominated in a currency other than Dollars will bear interest at the Alternative Currency Rate for the Interest Period in effect for such borrowing plus an applicable margin of 1.50 per annum, which applicable margin is subject to four 25 bps step-ups (i.e. 1.75 , 2.00 , 2.25 or 2.50 per annum) based upon the Company s total net leverage ratio. 
 
 Guarantees and Collateral 
 
 The 2022 Credit Facilities are secured by substantially all assets of EVERTEC and its existing and future material subsidiaries (including EVERTEC Group), subject to customary exceptions, and guarantee repayment of the 2022 Credit Facilities. 
 
 In connection with the Credit Agreement, on December 1, 2022, EVERTEC, EVERTEC Group and the subsidiary guarantors party thereto, entered into a Guarantee Agreement (the Guarantee Agreement ), pursuant to which EVERTEC Group s obligations under the 2022 Credit Facilities and under any cash management, interest rate protection or other hedging arrangements entered into with a lender or any affiliate thereof are guaranteed by EVERTEC and each of EVERTEC s existing wholly-owned subsidiaries (other than EVERTEC Group) and subsequently acquired or organized subsidiaries, subject to certain exceptions. 
 
 In addition, on December 1, 2022, EVERTEC, EVERTEC Group and the subsidiaries party thereto, entered into a Collateral Agreement (the Collateral Agreement ), pursuant to which, subject to certain exceptions, the 2022 Credit Facilities are secured, to the extent legally permissible, by substantially all of the assets of (1) EVERTEC, including a perfected pledge of all of the limited liability company interests of EVERTEC Intermediate Holdings, LLC Holdings ), (2) Holdings, including a perfected pledge of all of the limited liability company interests of EVERTEC Group and (3) EVERTEC Group and the subsidiary guarantors, including but not limited to: (a) a pledge of substantially all capital stock held by EVERTEC Group or any guarantor and (b) a perfected security interest in substantially all tangible and intangible assets of EVERTEC Group and each guarantor. 
 
 Covenants 
 
 The 2022 Credit Facilities are subject to customary affirmative and negative covenants. The negative covenants in the 2022 Credit Facilities include, among other things, limitations (subject to exceptions) on the ability of EVERTEC and its restricted subsidiaries to: 
 
 declare dividends and make other distributions; 
 redeem or repurchase capital stock; 
 grant liens; 
 make loans or investments (including acquisitions); 
 merge or enter into acquisitions 
 sell assets; 
 enter into any sale or lease-back transactions; 
 incur additional indebtedness; 
 prepay, redeem or repurchase certain indebtedness; 
 modify the terms of certain debt; 
 restrict dividends from subsidiaries; 
 change the business of EVERTEC or its subsidiaries; and 
 enter into transactions with their affiliates. 
 
 In addition, the 2022 Credit Facilities require EVERTEC Group to maintain a maximum total net leverage ratio of 4.50 to 1.00 (i) from March 31, 2023 to September 30, 2024, and 4.00 to 1.00 (ii) thereafter. 
 
 Events of Default 
 45 

Table of Contents 

The events of default under the 2022 Credit Facilities include, without limitation, nonpayment, material misrepresentation, breach of covenants, insolvency, bankruptcy, certain judgments, change of control (as defined in the Credit Agreement) and cross-events of default on material indebtedness. 
 
 The unpaid principal balance at December 31, 2022 of the Term Loan Facility was 415.0 million. The additional borrowing capacity for the Revolving Facility at December 31, 2022 was 174.0 million. The Company issues letters of credit against the Revolving Facility which reduce the additional borrowing capacity of the Revolving Facility. 
 
 2018 Secured Credit Facilities 
 
 On November 27, 2018, EVERTEC and EVERTEC Group Borrower entered into a credit agreement providing for the secured credit facilities, consisting of a 220.0 million term loan A facility 2023 Term A Loan ), a 325.0 million term loan B facility 2024 Term B Loan and a 125.0 million revolving credit facility (the Revolving Facility ), with a syndicate of lenders and Bank of America, N.A. Bank of America ), as administrative agent, collateral agent, swingline lender and line of credit issuer (collectively the 2018 Credit Agreement ). The 2018 Credit Agreement was terminated on December 1, 2022. 
 
 Notes payable 
 
 In December 2019, EVERTEC Group entered into two non interest-bearing financing agreements amounting to 2.4 million to purchase software and maintenance, which were fully repaid in January 2022. As of December 31, 2021, the outstanding principal balance of the notes payable was 0.8 million. These notes are included in accounts payable in the Company s consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2021. 
 
 Interest Rate Swaps 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company has an interest rate swap agreement, entered in December 2018, which converts a portion of the interest rate payments on the Company s 2024 Term B Loan from variable to fixed: 
 Swap Agreement Effective date Maturity Date Notional Amount Variable Rate Fixed Rate 2018 Swap April 2020 November 2024 250 million 1-month SOFR 2.89 
 
 In connection with the Credit Agreement, the Company amended the 2018 Swap variable rate from 1-month LIBOR to 1-month SOFR as allowed by the expedients included in ASC Topic 848 Reference Rate Reform. The Company continues to account for this agreement as a cash flow hedge. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the carrying amount of the derivatives included on the Company s consolidated balance sheets was an asset of 7.4 million and a liability of 13.4 million, respectively. The fair value of this derivative is estimated using Level 2 inputs in the fair value hierarchy on a recurring basis. 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company reclassified losses of 3.0 million, 7.1 million and 5.1 million, respectively, from accumulated other comprehensive loss into interest expense. Based on current SOFR rates, the Company expects to reclassify gains of 3.7 million from accumulated other comprehensive loss into interest expense over the next 12 months. Refer to Note 15 of the Notes to Audited Consolidated Financial Statements for tabular disclosure of the fair value of derivatives and to Note 17 of the Notes to Audited Consolidated Financial Statements for tabular disclosure of gains (losses) recorded on cash flow hedging activities. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the cash flow hedge is considered highly effective. 
 
 Covenant Compliance 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the total secured net leverage ratio was 0.99 to 1.00. As of the date of filing of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, no event has occurred that constitutes an Event of Default or Default. 
 
 In this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we refer to the term Adjusted EBITDA to mean EBITDA as so defined and calculated in a substantially consistent manner for purposes of determining compliance with the total secured net leverage ratio based on the financial information for the last twelve months at the end of each quarter. 
 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 Net Income Reconciliation to EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted Earnings per common share (Non-GAAP Measures) 
 
 We define EBITDA as earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization. We define Adjusted EBITDA as EBITDA further adjusted to exclude unusual items and other adjustments described below. Adjusted EBITDA by segment is reported to the CODM for purposes of making decisions about allocating resources to the segments and assessing their performance. For this reason, Adjusted EBITDA, as it relates to our segments, is presented in conformity with Accounting Standards Codification 280, Segment Reporting, and is excluded from the definition of non-GAAP financial measures under the Securities and Exchange Commission's Regulation G and Item 10(e) of Regulation S-K. We define Adjusted Net Income as net income adjusted to exclude unusual items and other adjustments described below. We define Adjusted Earnings per common share as Adjusted Net Income divided by diluted shares outstanding. 
 
 We present EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA because we consider them important supplemental measures of our performance and believe they are frequently used by securities analysts, investors, and other interested parties in the evaluation of ourselves and other companies in our industry. In addition, our presentation of Adjusted EBITDA is substantially consistent with the equivalent measurements that are contained in the secured credit facilities in testing EVERTEC Group s compliance with covenants therein such as the total secured net leverage ratio. We use Adjusted Net Income to measure our overall profitability because we believe it better reflects our comparable operating performance by excluding the impact of the non-cash amortization and depreciation that was created as a result of merger and acquisition activity. In addition, in evaluating EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted Earnings per common share, you should be aware that in the future we may incur expenses such as those excluded in calculating them. Further, our presentation of these measures should not be construed as an inference that our future operating results will not be affected by unusual or nonrecurring items. 
 
 Some of the limitations of EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted earnings per common share are as follows: 
 
 they do not reflect cash outlays for capital expenditures or future contractual commitments; 
 they do not reflect changes in, or cash requirements for, working capital; 
 although depreciation and amortization are non-cash charges, the assets being depreciated and amortized will often have to be replaced in the future, and EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA do not reflect cash requirements for such replacements; 
 in the case of EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA, they do not reflect interest expense, or the cash requirements necessary to service interest, or principal payments, on indebtedness; 
 in the case of EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA, they do not reflect income tax expense or the cash necessary to pay income taxes; and 
 other companies, including other companies in our industry, may not use EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted Net Income, and Adjusted Earnings per common share or may calculate EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted Earnings per common share differently than as presented in this Report, limiting their usefulness as a comparative measure. 
 
 EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted Earnings per common share are not measurements of liquidity or financial performance under GAAP. You should not consider EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted Earnings per common share as alternatives to cash flows from operating activities or any other performance measures determined in accordance with GAAP, as an indicator of cash flows, as a measure of liquidity or as an alternative to operating or net income determined in accordance with GAAP. 
 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 A reconciliation of net income to EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted Earnings per common share is provided below: Year Ended December 31, 2022 (Dollar amounts in thousands) Net income 238,869 Income tax expense 28,983 Interest expense, net 21,651 Depreciation and amortization 78,618 EBITDA 368,121 Equity income (1) 
 (1,121) Compensation and benefits (2) 
 20,335 Transaction, refinancing and other fees (3) 
 (117,828) Adjusted EBITDA 269,507 Operating depreciation and amortization (4) 
 (44,418) Cash interest expense, net (5) 
 (21,008) Income tax expense (6) 
 (36,509) Non-controlling interest (7) 
 34 Adjusted net income 167,606 Net income per common share (GAAP): Diluted 3.45 Adjusted Earnings per common share (Non-GAAP): Diluted 2.42 Shares used in computing adjusted earnings per common share: Diluted 69,312,717 

1) Represents the elimination of non-cash equity earnings from our 19.99 equity investment in Dominican Republic, Consorcio de Tarjetas Dominicanas, S.A. CONTADO ), net of cash dividends received. 
 2) Primarily represents share-based compensation and severance payments. 
 3) Represents fees and expenses associated with corporate transactions as defined in the 2022 Credit Agreement and the gain from the Popular transaction. 
 4) Represents operating depreciation and amortization expense, which excludes amounts generated as a result of merger and acquisition activity. 
 5) Represents interest expense, less interest income, as they appear on our consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income, adjusted to exclude non-cash amortization of the debt issue costs, premium and accretion of discount. 
 6) Represents income tax expense calculated on adjusted pre-tax income using the applicable GAAP tax rate, adjusted for certain discrete items. 
 7) Represents the 35 non-controlling equity interest in Evertec Colombia, net of amortization for intangibles created as part of the purchase. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 
 We are exposed to market risks arising from our normal business activities. These market risks principally involve the possibility of change in interest rates that will adversely affect the value of our financial assets and liabilities or future cash flows and earnings, foreign exchange risk that may result in unfavorable foreign currency translation adjustments and inflation.. Market risk is the potential loss arising from adverse changes in market rates and prices. The following analysis provides quantitative information regarding these risks. 
 
 Interest rate risks 
 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 Interest rate risk is highly sensitive due to many factors, including U.S. monetary and tax policies, U.S. and international economic factors and other factors beyond our control. 
 
 We issued floating-rate debt which is subject to fluctuations in interest rates. Our secured credit facilities accrue interest at variable rates and are subject to floors or minimum rates. A 100 basis point increase in interest rates over our floor on our debt balances outstanding as of December 31, 2022, under the secured credit facilities would increase our annual interest expense by approximately 1.9 million. The impact on future interest expense as a result of future changes in interest rates will depend largely on the gross amount of our borrowings at that time. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company has an interest rate swap agreement, entered into in December 2018, which converts a portion of our outstanding variable rate debt to fixed. 
 
 The interest rate swap exposes us to credit risk in the event that the counterparty to the swap agreement does not or cannot meet its obligations. The notional amount is used to measure interest to be paid or received and does not represent the amount of exposure to credit loss. The loss would be limited to the amount that would have been received, if any, over the remaining life of the swap. The counterparty to the swap is a major US based financial institution and we expect the counterparty to be able to perform its obligations under the swap. We use derivative financial instruments for hedging purposes only and not for trading or speculative purposes. 
 
 See Note 14 of the Notes to Audited Consolidated Financial Statements appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information related to the secured credit facilities. 
 
 Foreign currency exchange risk 
 
 We conduct business in certain countries in Latin America for which we have determined that the functional currency is other than the US dollar. Given this, our operating results are exposed to volatility due to fluctuations in exchange rates for the countries' functional currencies. Non-functional currency transactions are remeasured into the functional currency which results in a foreign exchange gain or loss recorded through Other income (expenses). For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we recognized foreign currency remeasurement losses of 7.6 million, gains of 1.9 million and gains of 2.9 million, respectively. For subsidiaries whose local currency is their functional currency, their assets and liabilities are translated into U.S. dollars at exchange rates at the balance sheet date, and revenues and expenses are translated using average exchange rates in effect during the period. The resulting foreign currency translation adjustments are reported in accumulated other comprehensive loss in the audited consolidated balance sheets. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 23.5 million in an unfavorable foreign currency translation adjustment as part of accumulated other comprehensive loss compared with an unfavorable foreign currency translation adjustment of 36.0 million as of December 31, 2021. 
 
 Inflation Risk 
 
 While it is difficult to accurately measure the impact of inflation on our results of operations and financial condition, we believe the effects of inflation, if any, on our historical results of operations and financial condition have been immaterial. General inflation in the geographies in which we operate has risen to levels that have not been experienced in recent years, however, inflation has historically had a minimal net effect on our operating results given that overall inflation has been offset by sales and cost reduction actions. Rising prices for input costs, including wages and benefits, occupancy and general administrative costs, could potentially have a negative impact on our results of operations and financial condition which may not be readily recoverable from our customers. In addition, inflation has driven a rising interest rate environment, which has had an adverse effect on our cost of funding, as well as led to enhanced volatility on foreign currency exchange rates. While we proactively try to mitigate these rising costs, we may not be able to fully offset these impacts and these could result in negative effect on our results of operation. Thus, we cannot assure you that our results of operations and financial condition will not be materially impacted by inflation in the future. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 The Audited Consolidated Financial Statements, together with EVERTEC s independent registered public accounting firm's reports, are included herein beginning on page F-1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, with the participation of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and Rule 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )) as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Based upon their evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that as of December 31, 2022, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and Rule 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act). 
 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 
 Based on this evaluation under the framework set forth in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013), our management concluded that the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 was effective. 
 
 Attestation Report of the Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 Deloitte Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, has audited the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and, as part of the audit, has issued a report, included as part of Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 
 None. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 Part III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 Code of Ethics 
 
 Our Board of Directors has adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to all officers, directors, and employees, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer and controller, and persons performing similar functions. A copy of our Code of Ethics is available at the Investor Relations section of our website, located at ir.evertecinc.com under Governance Documents. We intend to make all disclosures required by law or the NYSE regarding any amendments to, or waivers from, any provisions of the code at the same location of our website. Our website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and you should not consider the information on our website to be part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 BIOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION OF OUR DIRECTORS 
 
 Frank G. D Angelo 
 
 Mr. D Angelo has been Chairman of the Board since February 2014 and a director since September 2013. He currently serves as Operating Partner in Hill Path, a private equity partnership and as a partner in Bridgeport Partners, a private investment firm. Until 2020, he served as Executive Vice President and President of NCR Banking. Mr. D Angelo has over 40 years of experience in the financial services, digital banking and payments industries. He is a former chairman of the Electronic Funds Transfer Association, served on the Payments Advisory Council of the Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia, and served as a director for Walsh University (Ohio). Mr. D Angelo s experience in the financial services industry, as well as in operations and management, provides great value to our Board. 
 
 Morgan M. Schuessler, Jr. 
 
 Mr. Schuessler has been a director and the Company s President and CEO since April 2015. Previously, he served as President of International for Global Payments, Inc., overseeing the company s business outside of the Americas, spanning 23 countries throughout Europe and Asia. Mr. Schuessler currently serves on the Board of Directors of Endeavor Puerto Rico, on the Wharton Executive Education Board, and the Smithsonian Institution National Board. Mr. Schuessler has over 20 years of experience in the payments industry; accordingly, he is well-versed in the intricacies of the Company s core business and has developed management and oversight skills required to make significant contributions to the Board. 
 
 Kelly Barrett 
 
 From 2016 until her retirement in 2020, Ms. Barrett was the Senior Vice President of Home Services at The Home Depot. Ms. Barrett joined The Home Depot in 2003, where she held various senior management positions, including as Vice President of Internal Audit and Corporate Compliance, and Controller. Ms. Barrett currently serves as board member of the National Association of Corporate Directors NACD )-Atlanta Chapter, Piedmont Office Realty Trust, The Aaron s Company, Inc., and Americold Realty Trust. Her leadership roles in the community include currently serving as Chair of the Board of the Metro Atlanta YMCA, the Georgia Tech Foundation Board of Trustees and a member of the Advisory Board of Scheller College of Business at Georgia Tech. She is also a Certified Public Accountant in the state of Georgia. Ms. Barrett s substantial experience in leadership roles, strategy and enterprise risk management, coupled with service on several boards, will be of great service to the Company. 
 
 Olga Botero 
 
 Ms. Botero has been a director since September 2014. She is the founder and Managing Director of C S Customer and Strategy, a consulting firm focused on supporting IT and digital and cybersecurity management for leading companies in Latin America, co-founder and Chair of Seccuri, Inc., and has been a Senior Advisor to the Boston Consulting Group since 2011. She is the Co-Chair of the Women Corporate Directors Foundation Colombia Chapter and a fellow at the NACD Board Leadership Fellow program. She serves as an independent director and member of the Audit and Risk Committees of each of ESVAL S.A. and ESSBIO S.A., which are both publicly traded water utilities companies in Chile; and as an independent member of the Altipal S.A.S. Board of Directors since April 2022, serving as chair of their Audit Committee and member of their Innovation Committee. She also serves as independent director, chair of the Audit Committee and member of the Transactions Committee of Farmalatam Holding Inc. (Farmalisto), a health tech and e-pharmacy company in Latin America; as an independent member of the Audit Committee of Grupo Coppel in Mexico; and as an advisor to the Information Technology Committee of Grupo Pichincha and Banco Pichincha in Ecuador. Ms. Botero has over 25 years of experience in leadership roles in financial services, 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 telecommunications and technology. Her experience, expertise in cybersecurity and technology, and knowledge of Latin American markets are an asset to the Company. 
 
 Jorge A. Junquera 
 
 Mr. Junquera has been a director since April 2012. He currently serves as Managing Partner at Kohly Capital, LLC, a private investment company. He has over 40 years of experience in the banking and financial services industries. Until his retirement in 2015, Mr. Junquera was Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors of Popular. Prior to becoming Vice Chairman, he was the Chief Financial Officer of Popular and Supervisor of Popular s Financial Management Group. He currently serves as a director for Sacred Heart University (PR) and Bluestone Community Development Fund. Mr. Junquera s substantial experience managing financial institutions and serving on various boards of directors provides him with unique expertise and valuable perspective to assist the Board. 
 
 Iv n Pag n 
 
 Mr. Pag n has been a director since May 2019. For twenty-two years until his retirement in February 2019, Mr. Pag n was the Head of Corporate Development at Popular, where he managed mergers and acquisitions, divestitures, corporate reorganization and strategic alliances for Popular, completing significant transactions in the United States, Latin American, Puerto Rico and the Caribbean. Mr. Pag n currently serves as a member of the Board of Directors of Centro Financiero BHD in the Dominican Republic. Mr. Pag n s substantial expertise in financial and M A matters, experience in the Caribbean and Latin American markets, and knowledge of the Company s operations are an asset to the Company. 
 
 Aldo J. Polak 
 
 Mr. Polak has been a director since May 2019. He has been a Managing Director of Mizuho since November 2021. From April 2021 until October 2021, he was the Managing Member of Ionos Capital Partners LLC. From April 2019 until April 2021, Mr. Polak served as Chief Investment Development Officer at Cisneros Group of Companies, a privately held company. Prior to Cisneros, he spent over 15 years as an investment banker in Wall Street, most recently heading the Latin America efforts at LionTree, a global investment and merchant banking firm, from 2013 until March 2019. He currently serves on the boards of two charitable organizations, LatinoU and Reaching U, and is chairman of the latter. He is also involved with Endeavor as a panelist and mentor to entrepreneurs. Mr. Polak s significant experience in M A, strategy and corporate development, and his knowledge and network of contacts in Latin America and in the payments sector provide great value to the Board. 
 
 Alan H. Schumacher 
 
 Mr. Schumacher has been a director since April 2013. For 23 years he worked at American National Can Corporation as well as at American National Can Group, where he served as Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer until 1997 and as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer from 1997 until his retirement in 2000. He is a former member of the Federal Accounting Standards Advisory Board, and currently serves as a director of Blue Bird Corporation, Warrior Met Coal, Albertsons Companies, Inc., and Pendrick Capital Partners LLC. Mr. Schumacher has substantial expertise in accounting, reporting, audit and financial matters and, as such, is able to provide valuable contributions to our Board in its oversight functions. 
 
 Brian J. Smith 
 
 Mr. Smith has been a director since February 2016. Mr. Smith served as President and Chief Operating Officer of The Coca-Cola Company from January 2019 until September 2022. From 2016 until December 2018, he served as President of its Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) Group and, prior to that, he also held other strategic and management roles since joining The Coca-Cola Company in 1997. Mr. Smith serves as a director for the Coca-Cola Europacific Partners Board and is a member of its Corporate Social Responsibility Committee. Like other members of the Board, Mr. Smith has substantial managerial experience in Latin America. His extensive expertise in management and corporate strategy makes him a valuable asset to the Company. 
 
 BIOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION OF OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 
 
 Morgan M. Schuessler, Jr. Please refer to the Biographical Information of our Directors for Mr. Schuessler s biographical information. 

52 

Table of Contents 

 Joaqu n A. Castrillo 
 
 Mr. Castrillo has served as our Executive Vice President, CFO and Treasurer since October 2018. From August 2018 until such appointment, he served as Interim CFO and Treasurer. He has worked at the Company since 2012 serving in roles of increasing responsibility, including as Vice President and Finance Manager from 2015 to 2018, and as Vice President and Finance Director in 2018 until his appointment as Executive Vice President, CFO and Treasurer. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Castrillo was an Audit Manager in the Banking and Capital Markets group of PwC. Mr. Castrillo holds a B.B.A. with a double concentration in Finance and Accounting from Villanova University. He is also a Certified Public Accountant and a member of the Villanova University Finance Department Advisory Committee. 
 
 Paola P rez 
 
 Ms. P rez has served as our Executive Vice President since February 2018 and Group Head of Puerto Rico since August 2022. Prior to that she was our Chief Administrative Officer from March 2020 until August 2022, and Senior Vice President of People and Culture from August 2017 until her appointment as Executive Vice President. She joined the Company in 2011 as Director of Internal Audit. Before joining Evertec, Ms. P rez worked at Chartis as an External Reporting Manager for the Latin America Region, and PwC where she worked as a senior auditor. She obtained her Bachelor of Science in Accounting from Fairfield University, is a Certified Public Accountant and a board member of Lectores para el Futuro, a non-profit organization. 
 
 Luis A. Rodr guez 
 
 Mr. Rodr guez has served as our Executive Vice President since February 2017 and as Chief Legal and Administrative Officer since February 2021. He joined the Company in 2015 as Senior Vice President for Corporate Development, and was appointed General Counsel and Secretary of the Board in September 2016. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Rodr guez served as Executive Director at J.P. Morgan in New York. Mr. Rodr guez possesses a bachelor s degree from the Woodrow Wilson School of Public and International Affairs at Princeton University and holds a Juris Doctor from Stanford Law School. 
 
 Guillermo Rospigliosi 
 
 Mr. Rospigliosi has served as our Executive Vice President since 2016 and as Group Head of Latin America since August 2022. Prior to that he was our Chief Product and Innovation Officer from February 2020 until August 2022. Before joining the Company in 2016, he served as Chief Risk Officer for Visa in Latin America and before that he was the Managing Director for Latin America at CyberSource, a Visa subsidiary. He graduated from the Universidad de Lima with a Bachelor of Science in Business Administration and holds an MBA from the University of Texas in Austin. 
 
 Diego Viglianco 
 
 Mr. Viglianco has served as our Executive Vice President and COO since June 2021, and was a consultant to the Company from March 2021 until his appointment as COO. Before joining the Company, Mr. Viglianco served as the CEO of Interbanking, S.A., a digital financial ACH/real time payments company headquarters in Argentina, from July 2019 to February 2021. Prior to that, he was the CEO of the Processing Division of Prisma Medios de Pago S.A. in Argentina from March 2017 to June 2019. Previously, he held senior management positions with MasterCard in Argentina and Miami, USA, and Promoci n y Operaci n S.A. de C.V. (PROSA) in Mexico. Mr. Viglianco holds an MBA in Economy and Business Administration from ESEADE University, Argentina, and a Bachelor of Science in Engineering from the University of Salvador, Argentina. 
 
 Miguel Vizcarrondo 
 
 Mr. Vizcarrondo has served as our Executive Vice President since 2012, and as Chief Product and Innovation Officer since August 2022. Prior to that he was our Chief Commercial Officer for Puerto Rico and the Caribbean from 2021 until August 2022. Prior to joining the Company in 2010, Mr. Vizcarrondo worked in Banco Popular de Puerto Rico for 14 years in a variety of roles, lastly as Senior Vice President of the Merchant Acquiring Solutions group from 2006 until he joined the Company in 2010. Mr. Vizcarrondo serves as a member of the Banco Popular Foundation, and as director for the Puerto Rico American Football Alliance, a youth sports league. Mr. Vizcarrondo holds a Bachelor of Science in Management, with a concentration in Finance, from Tulane University. 
 
 Alexandra L pez-Soler 
 
 Ms. L pez-Soler was named Executive Vice President in February 2022 and Chief Marketing Officer in August 2022. She joined the Company in 2018 as our Senior Vice President of Marketing and Communications. Before joining Evertec in 2018, she served as Chief Marketing and Audience Officer at GFR Media. She also held various executive level positions at GFR Media, Oriental Bank and Doral Bank. Ms. L pez-Soler has over twenty years of experience in the marketing industry, with 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 emphasis on digital media, financial technology, and banking. Ms. L pez-Soler earned a Bachelor of Arts in political science and Italian from Tufts University, and a master s degree (MBA) from the University of Michigan Ross School of Business. 
 
 Other Information 
 
 The remaining information required by Item 10 will be included in EVERTEC's proxy statement, to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14 A within 120 days after the end of the 2022 fiscal year and is incorporated herein by reference. 

54 

Table of Contents 

 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 
 The information required by Item 11 will be included in EVERTEC's proxy statement, to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14 A within 120 days after the end of the 2022 fiscal year and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 The information required by Item 12 will be included in EVERTEC's proxy statement, to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14 A within 120 days after the end of the 2022 fiscal year and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions and Director Independence 
 
 The information required by Item 13 will be included in EVERTEC's proxy statement, to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14 A within 120 days after the end of the 2022 fiscal year and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 The information required by Item 14 will be included in EVERTEC's proxy statement, to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14 A within 120 days after the end of the 2022 fiscal year and is incorporated herein by reference. 

55 

Table of Contents 

 Part IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 (a) (1) Financial Statements 
 The following consolidated financial statements of EVERTEC, Inc. together with the Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, are included in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data: 
 
 Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Notes to Audited Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (2) Financial Statement Schedules 
 Schedule I Parent Company Only Financial Statements 
 (3) Exhibits 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit No. Description 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of EVERTEC, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of EVERTEC, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 23, 2013, File No. 001-35872) 
 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of EVERTEC, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of EVERTEC, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 23, 2013, File No. 001-35872) 
 4.1 Form of common stock certificate of EVERTEC, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of EVERTEC, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 25, 2022, File No. 001-35872) 
 4.2 Description of Registrant s Securities 
 10.1 Master Lease Agreement, dated as of April 1, 2004, by and between EVERTEC Group, LLC and Banco Popular de Puerto Rico (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.55 of EVERTEC, Inc. s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on February 6, 2013, File No. 333-186487) 
 10.2 First Amendment to Master Lease Agreement, dated as of January 1, 2006, by and between EVERTEC Group, LLC and Banco Popular de Puerto Rico (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.56 of EVERTEC, Inc. s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on February 6, 2013, File No. 333-186487) 
 10.3 Second Amendment to Master Lease Agreement, dated as of April 23, 2010, by and between EVERTEC Group, LLC and Banco Popular de Puerto Rico (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.57 of EVERTEC, Inc. s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on February 6, 2013, File No. 333-186487) 
 10.4 Third Amendment to Master Lease Agreement, dated as of September 30, 2010, by and between EVERTEC Group, LLC and Banco Popular de Puerto Rico (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.58 of EVERTEC, Inc. s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on February 6, 2013, File No. 333-186487) 
 10.5# Stock Purchase Agreement (Contrato de Compraventa de Acciones), dated as of February 24, 2022, by and between EVERTEC Group, LLC and Fondo de Inversiones Privado IG Capital, Inversiones Cuatro R Limitada, Inversiones Rivers Limitada and Inversiones Brela Limitada [English Translation] (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of EVERTEC, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 24, 2022, File No. 001-35872) 
 10.6# Asset Purchase Agreement by and among EVERTEC, Inc., EVERTEC Group, LLC, Popular, Inc. and Banco Popular de Puerto Rico, dated as of February 24, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of EVERTEC, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 24, 2022, File No. 001-35872) 
 10.7 Amendment No.1 to Asset Purchase Agreement by and among EVERTEC, Inc., EVERTEC Group, LLC, Popular, Inc. and Banco Popular de Puerto Rico, dated as of July 1, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to EVERTEC, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 4, 2022, File No. 001-35872) 
 10.8# Second Amended and Restated Master Service Agreement, dated as of July 1, 2022, among Popular, Inc., Banco Popular de Puerto Rico and EVERTEC Group, LLC and its subsidiaries (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to EVERTEC, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on July 1, 2022, File No. 001-35872) 
 10.9# Second Amended and Restated Independent Sales Organization Sponsorship and Services Agreement, dated as of July 1, 2022, between EVERTEC Group, LLC and Banco Popular de Puerto Rico (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to EVERTEC, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on July 1, 2022, File No. 001-35872) 
 10.10 Repurchase Agreement, dated August 8, 2022, between EVERTEC, Inc. and Popular, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to EVERTEC, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 11, 2022, File No. 001-35872) 
 10.11# Credit Agreement, dated as of December 1, 2022, among EVERTEC, Inc., EVERTEC Group, LLC, the lenders and L/C issuers party thereto from time to time, and Truist Bank, as administrative agent, collateral agent, swingline lender and an L/C issuer (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to EVERTEC, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 5, 2022, File No. 001-35872) 
 10.12 Collateral Agreement, dated as of December 1, 2022, among EVERTEC, Inc., EVERTEC Group, LLC, each subsidiary loan party identified therein and Bank of America, N.A., as collateral agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to EVERTEC, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 5, 2022, File No. 001-35872) 
 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 10.13 Guarantee Agreement, dated as of December 1, 2022, by and among EVERTEC, Inc., EVERTEC Group, LLC, the loan parties identified on the signature pages thereof and Truist Bank, as administrative agent and collateral agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to EVERTEC, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 5, 2022, File No. 001-35872) 
 10.14+ EVERTEC, Inc. 2013 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.61 to EVERTEC, Inc. s Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on March 14, 2013, File No. 333-186487) 
 10.15+ EVERTEC, Inc. 2022 Incentive Award Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to EVERTEC, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 5, 2022, File No. 001-35872) 
 10.16+ Form of EVERTEC Group, LLC Executive Severance Policy (applicable to Joaqu n A. Castrillo, Diego Viglianco, Guillermo Rospigliosi, Luis A. Rodr guez, Miguel Vizcarrondo and Paola P rez)(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.34 to EVERTEC, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 26, 2019, File No. 001-35872) 
 10.17 + Form of Indemnification Agreement by and among EVERTEC, Inc. and its directors 
 10.18+ Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for grant of restricted stock units to executive officers under the EVERTEC, Inc. 2013 Equity Incentive Plan, dated February 27, 2020, by and between EVERTEC, Inc. and the executive (applicable to Morgan M. Schuessler, Jr., Joaqu n A. Castrillo, Guillermo Rospigliosi, Luis. A. Rodr guez, Miguel Vizcarrondo and Paola P rez)(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 to EVERTEC, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 1, 2021, File No. 001-35872) 
 10.19+ Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for grant of restricted stock units to executive officers under the EVERTEC, Inc. 2013 Equity Incentive Plan, dated March 2, 2021, by and between EVERTEC, Inc. and the executive (applicable to Morgan M. Schuessler, Jr., Joaqu n A. Castrillo, Guillermo Rospigliosi, Luis A. Rodr guez, Miguel Vizcarrondo and Paola P rez)(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to EVERTEC, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on April 30, 2021, File No. 001-35872) 
 10.20+ Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for grant of restricted stock units under the EVERTEC, Inc. 2013 Equity Incentive Plan, dated June 7, 2021, by and between EVERTEC, Inc. and Diego Viglianco (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to EVERTEC, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 4, 2021, File No. 001-35872) 
 10.21+ Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for grant of restricted stock units under the EVERTEC, Inc. 2013 Equity Incentive Plan, for executive recruitment, dated June 7, 2021, by and between EVERTEC, Inc. and Diego Viglianco (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to EVERTEC, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 4, 2021, File No. 001-35872) 
 10.22+ Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of February 24, 2022, by and between EVERTEC Group, LLC and Morgan M. Schuessler, Jr. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to EVERTEC, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 24, 2022, File No. 001-35872) 
 10.23+ Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for grant of restricted stock units to executive officers under the EVERTEC, Inc. 2013 Equity Incentive Plan, dated February 25, 2022, by and between EVERTEC, Inc. and the executive (applicable to Morgan M. Schuessler, Jr., Joaqu n A. Castrillo, Guillermo Rospigliosi, Luis A. Rodr guez, Miguel Vizcarrondo and Paola P rez)(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to EVERTEC, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on April 29, 2022, File No. 001-35872) 
 10.24+ Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for grant of restricted stock units to directors under the EVERTEC, Inc. 2022 Incentive Award Plan, dated June 1, 2022, by and between EVERTEC, Inc. and the director (applicable to Frank G. D Angelo, Kelly Barrett, Olga Botero, Jorge A. Junquera, Iv n Pag n, Aldo J. Polak, Alan H. Schumacher, and Brian J . Smith)(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to EVERTEC, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 5, 2022, File No. 001-35872) 
 10.25 + Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for grant of restricted stock units under the EVERTEC, Inc. 2022 Incentive Award Plan, dated August 5, 2022, by and between EVERTEC, Inc. and the executive (applicable to Luis A. Rodr guez and Paola P rez) 
 21.1 Subsidiaries of EVERTEC, Inc. 
 23.1 Consent of Deloitte Touche LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101.INS XBRL Inline XBRL Instance document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH XBRL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 101.CAL XBRL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 101.DEF XBRL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 101.LAB XBRL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 101.PRE XBRL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Filed herewith. 
 Furnished herewith. 
 + This exhibit is a management contract or a compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 # Certain exhibits and schedules have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. A copy of any omitted schedule or exhibit will be furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 
 None. 
 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, 
 EVERTEC, Inc. Date: February 24, 2023 By: /s/ Morgan M. Schuessler, Jr. Morgan M. Schuessler, Jr. Chief Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Signature Title Date /s/ Morgan M. Schuessler, Jr. Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive February 24, 2023 Morgan M. Schuessler, Jr. Officer) /s/ Joaquin A. Castrillo-Salgado Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and February 24, 2023 Joaquin A. Castrillo-Salgado Accounting Officer) /s/ Frank G. D Angelo Chairman of the Board February 24, 2023 Frank G. D Angelo /s/ Iv n Pag n Director February 24, 2023 Iv n Pag n /s/ Alan H. Schumacher Director February 24, 2023 Alan H. Schumacher /s/ Kelly Barrett Director February 24, 2023 Kelly Barrett /s/ Jorge A. Junquera Director February 24, 2023 Jorge A. Junquera /s/ Aldo Polak Director February 24, 2023 Aldo Polak /s/ Olga M. Botero Director February 24, 2023 Olga M. Botero /s/ Brian J. Smith Director February 24, 2023 Brian J. Smith 
 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Audited Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 
 F - 2 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 202 2 and 202 1 
 F - 5 
 Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 F- 8 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 F - 9 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 F - 10 
 Notes to Audited Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F - 12 
 Schedule I 
 F- 49 

F - 1 

Table of Contents 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the stockholders and the Board of Directors of EVERTEC, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of EVERTEC, Inc. and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income, changes in stockholders' equity, and cash flows, for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and the schedule listed in the Index at Item 15 (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated February 24, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 
 Revenues Payment services and merchant acquiring- Refer to Notes 1 and 4 to the financial statements 
 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 
 The Company's revenues from payment services and merchant acquiring includes activity-based fees made up of a significant volume of low-dollar transactions, sourced from multiple systems, platforms, and applications. The processing of transactions and recording of payments services and merchant acquiring revenue is highly automated and is based on contractual terms with financial institutions, government entities, merchants, and other issuers. 
 
 We identified these revenues as a critical audit matter because the Company relies on multiple systems to process and record revenue which are highly automated with multiple platforms and applications. This required an increased extent of effort, including the need for us to involve professionals with expertise in information technology (IT), to identify, test, and evaluate the Company s systems, applications, and automated controls. 
 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 
 F - 2 

Table of Contents 

 Our audit procedures related to the Company's systems to process payment services and merchant acquiring revenues included the following, among others: 
 
 With the assistance of our IT specialists, we: 
 Identified the significant systems used to process revenue transactions and tested the general IT controls over each of these systems, including testing of user access controls, change management controls, and IT operations controls. 
 Tested system interface controls and automated controls within the relevant revenue streams, as well as the controls designed to ensure the accuracy and completeness of revenue. 
 We tested internal controls within the relevant revenue business processes, including those in place to reconcile the various reports extracted from the IT systems to the Company s general ledger. 
 For a sample of revenue transactions, we tested selected transactions by agreeing the amounts of revenue recognized to source documents and testing the mathematical accuracy of the recorded revenue. 
 
 Sale of business and modification and extension of commercial agreements with Banco Popular de Puerto Rico and its parent, Popular (collectively, Popular Refer to Notes 3 and 4 to the financial statements 
 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company sold certain technology service assets which represented a business to Popular, and concurrently, modified and extended its main commercial agreements with Popular, which required that the sale of the business and modification and extension of the commercial agreements be accounted for on a combined basis as a multi-element transaction. Accordingly, the total consideration of the combined arrangement was allocated to the sale of the business and the modified and extended commercial agreements performance obligations based on the relative stand-alone selling prices of each component of the combined transaction. 
 
 We identified the determination of relative stand-alone selling prices used to allocate the total consideration to the components of the combined arrangement as a critical audit matter, given the judgment required to determine the relative stand-alone selling prices. 
 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 
 Our audit procedures related to the determination of relative stand-alone selling prices included the following, among others: 
 
 We evaluated the effectiveness of internal controls over the combined transaction, including controls over the determination of the relative stand-alone selling prices used to allocate the total consideration of the combined arrangement to the sale of the business and the modified and extended commercial agreements. 
 We evaluated, with the assistance of subject matter experts in our firm, the appropriateness of the Company's methodology used to allocate the total consideration of the combined arrangement on a relative stand-alone selling price basis. 
 We tested the assumptions and underlying data used by the Company to determine stand-alone selling prices for a sample of agreements by comparing such stand-alone selling prices to observable, historical cost-plus margin arrangements. 
 
 /s/ 

February 24, 2023 
 Stamp No. E478957 
 affixed to original. 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2015. 

F - 3 

Table of Contents 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the stockholders and the Board of Directors of EVERTEC, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of EVERTEC, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, of the Company and our report dated February 24, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying M anagement's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting . Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ Deloitte Touche 

San Juan, Puerto Rico 
 February 24, 2023 
 
 Stamp No. E478958 
 affixed to original. 
 
 F - 4 

Table of Contents 

 EVERTEC, Inc. Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except share data) 
 F - 5 

Table of Contents 

 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Assets Current Assets: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Accounts receivable, net Prepaid expenses and other assets Total current assets Debt securities available-for-sale, at fair value Investment in equity investee Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use asset Goodwill Other intangible assets, net Deferred tax asset Derivative asset Net investment in lease Other long-term assets Total assets Liabilities and stockholders equity Current Liabilities: Accrued liabilities Accounts payable Contract liability Income tax payable Current portion of long-term debt Short-term borrowings Current portion of operating lease liability Total current liabilities Long-term debt Deferred tax liability Contract liability - long term Operating lease liability - long-term Derivative liability Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 24) Stockholders equity Preferred stock, par value ; shares authorized; issued 
 Common stock, par value ; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 (December 31, 2021 - 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Total EVERTEC, Inc. stockholders equity Non-controlling interest Total equity Total liabilities and equity 
 
 F - 6 

Table of Contents 

 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited consolidated financial statements. 
 F - 7 

Table of Contents 

 EVERTEC, Inc. Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) 
 Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Revenues (affiliates Note 23) Operating costs and expenses Cost of revenues, exclusive of depreciation and amortization shown below Selling, general and administrative expenses Depreciation and amortization Total operating costs and expenses Income from operations Non-operating income (expenses) Interest income Interest expense ) ) ) Gain on sale of a business (Loss) gain on foreign currency remeasurement ) Earnings of equity method investment Other income Total non-operating income (expenses) ) ) Income before income taxes Income tax expense Net income Less: Net (loss) income attributable to non-controlling interest ) Net income attributable to EVERTEC, Inc. s common stockholders Other comprehensive income, net of tax of , and 
 Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Gain (loss) on cash flow hedges ) Unrealized (loss) gain on change in fair value of debt securities available-for-sale ) Total comprehensive income attributable to EVERTEC, Inc. s common stockholders Net income per common share - basic attributable to EVERTEC, Inc. s common stockholders Net income per common share - diluted attributable to EVERTEC, Inc. s common stockholders 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited consolidated financial statements. 
 F - 8 

Table of Contents 

 EVERTEC, Inc. Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except share data) 
 Number of Shares of Common Stock Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Non-Controlling Interest Total Stockholders Equity Balance at December 31, 2019 ) Share-based compensation recognized Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) ) ) Restricted stock units delivered ) ) Net income Cash dividends declared on common stock, per share 
 ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) ) Cumulative adjustment from the implementation of Current Expected Credit Loss model ) ) Balance at December 31, 2020 ) Share-based compensation recognized Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) ) ) Restricted stock units delivered ) ) ) Net income Cash dividends declared on common stock, per share 
 ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 ) Share-based compensation recognized Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) ) ) Restricted stock units delivered ) ) Net income (loss) ) Cash dividends declared on common stock, per share 
 ) ) Common stock received in exchange of the sale of a Business ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited consolidated financial statements. 
 F - 9 

Table of Contents 

 EVERTEC, Inc. Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (In thousands) 
 Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Amortization of debt issue costs and accretion of discount Operating lease amortization Loss on extinguishment of debt Provision for expected credit losses and sundry losses Deferred tax expense (benefit) ) ) ) Share-based compensation Gain on sale of a business ) Gain from sale of assets ) Loss on disposition of property and equipment and impairment of software Earnings of equity method investment ) ) ) Dividend received from equity method investment Loss (gain) on valuation of foreign currency ) ) (Increase) decrease in assets: Accounts receivable ) ) Prepaid expenses and other assets ) ) Other long-term assets ) ) ) Increase (decrease) in liabilities: Accounts payable and accrued liabilities ) Income tax payable ) Contract liability ) ) Operating lease liabilities ) ) ) Other long-term liabilities ) ) Total adjustments ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities Additions to software ) ) ) Acquisitions of customer relationships ) ) Acquisitions, net of cash acquired ) Property and equipment acquired ) ) ) Proceeds from sales of property and equipment Purchase of certificates of deposit ) Proceeds from maturities of available-for-sale debt securities Acquisition of available-for-sale debt securities ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities Debt issuance costs ) Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt Net increase in short-term borrowings Repayments of short-terms borrowings for purchase of equipment and software ) ) ) Dividends paid ) ) ) Withholding taxes paid on share-based compensation ) ) ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) Repayment of long-term debt ) ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) ) Effect of foreign exchange rate on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of the period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of the period Reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash 
 F - 10 

Table of Contents 

 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Cash paid for interest Cash paid for income taxes Supplemental disclosure of non-cash activities: Payable due to vendor related to property and equipment and software acquired Non-cash investing activities Software exchanged for common stock Goodwill exchanged for common stock CDs transferred in the acquisition of a business Non-cash financing and investing activities Common stock received and retired for sale of a business 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited consolidated financial statements. 
 F - 11 

Table of Contents 

 Notes to Audited Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Note 1 The Company and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 F- 13 
 Note 2 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 F- 19 
 Note 3 Business Acquisitions and Dispositions 
 
 F- 19 
 Note 4 Revenues 
 F- 19 
 Note 5 Cash and Cash Equivalents 
 F- 25 
 Note 6 - Debt Securities 
 F- 25 
 Note 7 Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Current Expected Credit Losses 
 F- 25 
 Note 8 Prepaid Expenses and Other Assets 
 F- 27 
 Note 9 Investment in Equity Investee 
 F- 27 
 Note 10 Property and Equipment, net 
 F- 28 
 Note 1 1 Goodwill 
 F- 28 
 Note 12 Other Intangible Assets, Net 
 F- 29 
 Note 1 3 Other Long-Term Assets 
 F- 30 
 Note 1 4 Debt and Short-Term Borrowings 
 F- 30 
 Note 1 5 Financial Instruments and Fair Value Measurements 
 F- 32 
 Note 1 6 Other Long-Term Liabilities 
 F- 34 
 Note 1 7 Equity 
 F- 34 
 Note 1 8 Share-based Compensation 
 F- 35 
 Note 1 9 Employee Benefit Plan 
 F- 36 
 Note 20 Total Other Income (Expenses) 
 F- 37 
 Note 2 1 Income Tax 
 F- 37 
 Note 2 2 Net Income Per Common Share 
 F- 41 
 Note 2 3 Related Party Transactions 
 F- 42 
 Note 2 4 Commitments and Contingencies 
 F- 42 
 Note 2 5 Segment Information 
 F- 43 
 Note 2 6 Subsequent Events 
 F- 48 

F - 12 

Table of Contents 
 
 EVERTEC, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note 1 
 
 countries in the region. EVERTEC owns and operates the ATH network, which we believe is one of the leading personal identification number PIN debit networks in the Caribbean and Latin America. In addition, EVERTEC provides a comprehensive suite of services for core bank processing and cash processing in Puerto Rico and technology outsourcing in the regions the Company serves. EVERTEC serves a broad and diversified customer base of leading financial institutions, merchants, corporations, and government agencies with solutions that are essential to their operations, enabling them to issue, process and accept transactions securely. 

A summary of the most significant accounting policies used in preparing the accompanying consolidated financial statements is as follows: 

F - 13 

Table of Contents 
 
 EVERTEC, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

F - 14 

Table of Contents 
 
 EVERTEC, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

F - 15 

Table of Contents 
 
 EVERTEC, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

and is included in depreciation and amortization in the consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income. 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, interest cost capitalized amounted to approximately million, million, and million, respectively. 
 
 and are recognized in cost of revenues in the consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income. 
 
 F - 16 

Table of Contents 
 
 EVERTEC, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 impairment losses associated with goodwill were recognized. 
 
 Other identifiable intangible assets with definitive useful lives include customer relationships, trademarks, software packages and a non-compete agreement. Customer relationships were valued using the excess earnings method under the income approach. Trademark assets were valued using the relief-from-royalty method under the income approach. Internally developed software packages, which include capitalized software development costs, are recorded at cost, while software packages acquired as part of a business combination were valued using the relief-from-royalty method under the income approach. The non-compete agreement was valued based on the estimated impact that theoretical competition would have on revenues and expenses. 
 
 Other identifiable intangible assets with definitive useful lives are amortized using the straight-line method or accelerated methods. These intangibles are evaluated periodically for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts may not be recoverable. 

F - 17 

Table of Contents 
 
 EVERTEC, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

F - 18 

Table of Contents 
 
 EVERTEC, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note 2 

Note 3 
 
 of the share capital of BBR SpA BBR ), a payment solutions and business technology company with operations in Chile and Peru, by entering into a share purchase agreement (Contrato de Compraventa de Acciones). As consideration for the purchase, the Company transferred to the sellers upon closing cash that amounted to million and certificates of deposits that amounted to million. The BBR acquisition increases the Company s payment solution offerings, provides access to larger merchants in Chile and expands the Company s physical presence into Peru. 

F - 19 

Table of Contents 
 
 EVERTEC, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Accounts receivable, net Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use asset Goodwill Other intangible assets, net Deferred tax asset Total assets acquired Accounts payable Contract liability Operating lease liability Deferred tax liability Total liabilities assumed 
 
 Trademark Software packages Total 
 
 Refer to Note 11 Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets for detail of goodwill allocated by reportable segments. The goodwill is primarily attributed to synergies. None of the goodwill is deductible for income tax purposes. 
 
 Revenues and earnings from the BBR acquisition were not material for year ended December 31, 2022. Pro forma results of operations have not been presented because the effect of this business combination is not material to the consolidated financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Sale of a Business 
 
 On July 1, 2022, the Company closed on a definitive agreement with Banco Popular de Puerto Rico and its parent, Popular, to sell software and prepaid assets and transfer certain employees in connection with those assets (the Business ). As consideration for the sale of the Business, Popular delivered million shares of Evertec common stock held by Popular with a value of million at close (the Popular Transaction ). Additionally, management concluded that million included in the Company s contract liability should be treated as consideration for the sale. Total consideration for the sale of the Business amounted to million. 
 
 The Company also modified and extended the main commercial agreements with Popular, including a -year extension of the Merchant Acquiring Independent Sales Organization Agreement, a -year extension of the ATH Network Participation Agreement and a -year extension of the MSA. The Company also entered into new contracts and transition services agreements concurrently with the close of the Popular Transaction with terms between months and months. 
 The MSA modifications, among other things, includes the elimination of the exclusivity requirement which was the basis for a non-compete intangible asset recorded in 2010 as part of the original MSA that was being amortized over a year period. As a result, the Company determined that the balance of the non-compete intangible asset on July 1, 2022 of million, should be 
 F - 20 

Table of Contents 
 
 EVERTEC, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 million in connection with this conclusion. 
 
 Contract liability representing consideration for the sale of a business Total consideration for the sale of a business Goodwill ) Other intangible assets, net ) Prepaid expenses and other assets ) Contract liability ) Gain on sale of a business 

Note 4 

F - 21 

Table of Contents 
 
 EVERTEC, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 million, million, and million, respectively, for these arrangements. 
 
 Refer to Note 25 - Segment Information for further information, including revenue by products and services the Company provides and the geographic regions in which the Company operates. 
 
 Significant Judgments 
 
 Determining a measure of progress for performance obligations satisfied over time requires management to make judgments that affect the timing of revenue to be recognized. The Company exercises judgment in identifying a suitable method that depicts the entity s performance in transferring control of these performance obligations, on a contract-by-contract basis. The principal criteria used for determining the measure of progress is the availability of reliable information that can be obtained without incurring undue cost, which generally results in the application of an input method since, in most cases, the outputs used to reasonably measure progress are not directly observable. Usually, the input method based on labor hours incurred, with respect to total expected labor hours to satisfy the performance obligation is applied. For performance obligations satisfied at a point in time, the Company determines that the customer is able to direct the use of, and obtain substantially all of the benefits 
 F - 22 

Table of Contents 
 
 EVERTEC, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Products and services transferred over time 
 Year ended on December 31, 2021 (In thousands) Payment Services - Puerto Rico Caribbean Payment Services - Latin America Merchant Acquiring, net Business Solutions Total Timing of revenue recognition Products and services transferred at a point in time Products and services transferred over time 
 
 Year ended on December 31, 2020 (In thousands) Payment Services - Puerto Rico Caribbean Payment Services - Latin America Merchant Acquiring, net Business Solutions Total Timing of revenue recognition Products and services transferred at a point in time Products and services transferred over time 
 
 Contract balances 
 F - 23 

Table of Contents 
 
 EVERTEC, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Services transferred to customers Transfers to accounts receivable ) ) Balance at end of period 
 
 Contract assets of the Company arise when the Company has a contract with a customer for which revenue has been recognized (i.e., goods or services have been transferred), but the customer payment is subject to a future event (i.e., satisfaction of additional performance obligations). Contract assets will be considered a receivable when the rights to consideration of the Company become unconditional (i.e., the Company has a present right to payment). The current portion of contract assets is recorded as part of prepaid expenses and other assets, and the long-term portion is included in other long-term assets in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 Accounts receivable, net at December 31, 2022 and 2021 amounted to million and million, respectively. Contract liability and Contract liability- Long term, at December 31, 2022 amounted to million and million, respectively. Contract liability and Contract liability- Long term amounted to million and million at December 31, 2021, respectively. Contract liability is mainly comprised of upfront fees for implementation or set up activities, including fees charged in pre-production periods in connection with hosting services, as well as amounts related to contracts entered into concurrently with the close of the Popular Transaction as described in Note 3 - Business Acquisitions and Dispositions . Contract liability may also arise when consideration is received or due in advance from customers prior to performance. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized revenue of million that was included in contract liability, at December 31, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recognized revenue of million that was included in unearned income at December 31, 2020. 
 
 Transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligations 
 
 Revenues from recurring transaction-based and processing services represent the majority of the Company s total revenue. The Company recognizes revenues from recurring transaction-based and processing services over time at the amounts in which the Company has right to invoice, which corresponds directly to the value to the customer of the Company s performance completed to date. Therefore, the Company has elected to apply the practical expedient in paragraph 606-10-50-14, when applicable. Under this practical expedient, the Company is not required to disclose information about remaining performance obligations if the performance obligation is part of a contract with an original expected duration of one year or less or if the Company recognizes revenue at the amount to which it has a right to invoice. 
 
 The Company also applies the practical expedient in paragraph 606-10-50-14A and does not disclose the information about remaining performance obligations for variable consideration when the variable consideration is allocated entirely to a wholly unsatisfied performance obligation or to a wholly unsatisfied promise to transfer a distinct good or service that forms part of a single performance obligation in accordance with paragraph 606-10-25-14(b). 
 
 million, which is expected to be recognized over the next to years. This amount consists of minimums on certain master services agreements, professional service fees for implementation or set up activities related to managed services and maintenance services typically recognized over the life of the contract, and professional service fees for customizations or development of on-premises licensing agreements, which are recognized over time based on inputs relative to the total expected inputs to satisfy a performance obligation. 
 F - 24 

Table of Contents 
 
 EVERTEC, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note 5 
 
 million and million, respectively, which are deposited in accounts in financial institutions. Of the total cash balance at December 31, 2022 and 2021, million and million, respectively, reside in subsidiaries located outside of Puerto Rico. Cash deposited in an affiliate financial institution amounted to million as of December 31, 2021. 

Note 6 

December 31, 2021 (In thousands) Gross unrealized Amortized cost Gains Losses Fair Value Costa Rica Government Obligations After 1 to 5 years 
 
 Debt securities are held by a trust in the Costa Rica National Bank as a collateral requirement for settlement activities. The Company may substitute securities as needed but must maintain certain levels of collateral based on transaction volumes. 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company acquired million and million, respectively, in available-for-sale debt securities. Debt securities amounting to million matured during 2022, ne in 2021. debt securities were sold during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Note 7 
 
 Due from affiliates, net Settlement assets Other Less: allowance for current expected credit losses ) ) Accounts receivable, net 
 
 F - 25 

Table of Contents 
 
 EVERTEC, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Current period provision for expected credit losses Write-offs ) ) Recoveries of amounts previously written-off Balance at the end of the period 
 
 The Company does not have a delinquency threshold for writing-off trade receivables. The Company has a formal process for the review and approval of write-offs. 
 
 Impairment losses on trade receivables are presented as net impairment losses within cost of revenues, exclusive of depreciation and amortization in the consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income. Subsequent recoveries of amounts previously written-off are credited against the allowance for expected current credit losses within accounts receivable, net on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 F - 26 

Table of Contents 
 
 EVERTEC, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note 8 
 
 Prepaid income taxes Deferred project costs Prepaid cloud computing arrangement fees Contract asset Taxes other than on income Postage Insurance Guarantee deposits Other Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Note 9 
 
 equity interest, the Company calculated an excess cost of the investment in CONTADO over the amount of underlying equity in net assets of approximately million, which was mainly attributed to customer relationships, trademark, and goodwill intangibles. The Company s excess basis allocated to amortizable assets is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lives of the appropriate intangibles. Amortization expense for each of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 amounted to approximately million, and was recorded within earnings of equity method investment in the consolidated statements of income and comprehensive incom e. The Company recognized million, million, and million as equity in CONTADO s net income, net of amortization, in the consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company received million, and million, respectively, in dividends from CONTADO. dividends were received in 2020. 
 
 CONTADO fiscal year ends December 31 and is reported in the consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income for the period subsequent to the acquisition date on a one-month lag. No significant events occurred in CONTADO s operations subsequent to November 30, 2022 that would have materially affected the Company s reported results. 
 F - 27 

Table of Contents 
 
 EVERTEC, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note 10 
 
 Data processing equipment - 
 Furniture and equipment - 
 Leasehold improvements - 
 Less accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Depreciable assets, net Land Property and equipment, net 
 
 Depreciation and amortization expense related to property and equipment was million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

Note 11 
 
 Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 Goodwill attributable to acquisition Goodwill attributable to the sale of the business ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustments Balance at December 31, 2022 
 
 Goodwill is tested for impairment on an annual basis as of August 31, or more often if events or changes in circumstances indicate there may be impairment. The Company may test for goodwill impairment using a qualitative or a quantitative analysis. In a qualitative analysis, the Company assesses whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. In the quantitative analysis, the Company compares the estimated fair value of the reporting units to their carrying values, including goodwill. 
 
 The estimated fair value of the reporting units is computed using a combination of an income approach and a market approach. The income approach involves projecting the cash flows that the reporting unit is expected to generate and converting these cash flows into a present value equivalent through discounting. Significant estimates and assumptions used in the cash flow projection include, among others, earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization EBITDA margins, and the selection of discount rates. Internal projections are based on the Company s historical experience and estimated future business performance. The discount rate used is based on the weighted-average cost of capital, which reflects the rate of return expected to be earned by market participants and the estimated cost to obtain long-term debt financing. The market approach estimates the value of a reporting unit by using multiples of revenue and EBITDA based on guideline of publicly traded companies. Valuation using the market approach requires management to make assumptions related to EBITDA multiples. Comparable businesses are selected based on the market in which the reporting units operate, considering size, profitability, and growth. If the fair value of the reporting unit exceeds its carrying amount, goodwill of the reporting unit is not considered impaired. If the fair value does not exceed the carrying value, an impairment loss equaling the excess amount is recorded, limited to the 
 F - 28 

Table of Contents 
 
 EVERTEC, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 impairment losses were recorded in 2022, 2021 or 2020. Based on the results of this qualitative assessment, EVERTEC believes the fair value of goodwill for each of the Company s reporting units continues to exceed its respective carrying amount. 

Note 12 
 - 
 ) Trademark - 
 ) Software packages - 
 ) Other intangible assets, net ) 
 Useful life in years December 31, 2021 (In thousands) Gross amount Accumulated amortization Net carrying amount Customer relationships - 
 ) Trademark - 
 ) Software packages - 
 ) Non-compete agreement ) Other intangible assets, net ) 
 In the second quarter of 2022, the Company acquired a customer relationship in Puerto Rico for million that is being amortized over . Revenues and expenses in connection with this customer relationship are included as part of the Payment Services - Puerto Rico Caribbean segment. As part of the BBR acquisition, the Company added a customer relationship amounting to million, a trademark of million, and software of million. On July 1, 2022, in connection with the closing of the Popular Transaction, the remaining balance of the Non-compete agreement of million was written off against the transaction gain. The Company no longer has non-compete intangibles on its Balance Sheets. Refer to Note 3- Business Acquisitions and Dispositions for further details. 
 Amortization expense related to intangibles, including software packages, was million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Amortization expense related to software packages was million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2022 the Company recorded an impairment loss through cost of revenues of million for a multi-year software development for which a reduction in future cash flows was projected. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded an impairment charge through cost of revenues amounting to million for a software solution that will no longer be used. Both impairment charges affected the Company s Payment Services Puerto Rico Caribbean segment. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 
 F - 29 

Table of Contents 
 
 EVERTEC, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note 13 
 
 million related to deferred debt-issuance costs related to the revolving credit facility, million related to the long-term portion of certain software maintenance contracts, million related to the long-term portion of deferred costs and million related to the long-term portion of contract assets. 
 
 As of December 31, 2021, other long-term assets included million related to deferred debt-issuance costs related to the revolving credit facility, million related to the long-term portion of certain software maintenance contracts, and million related to the long-term portion of deferred costs. 

Note 14 
 
 2024 Term B Loan bearing interest at a variable interest rate (LIBOR plus applicable margin (1)(3) 
 2027 Term A Loan bearing interest at a variable interest rate (SOFR plus applicable margin (1)(4) 
 Notes Payable due on January 1, 2022 (1) 
 Total debt 
 
 (1) Net of unaccreted discount and unamortized debt issue costs, as applicable. 
 (2) Applicable margin of at December 31, 2021. 
 (3) Subject to a minimum rate LIBOR floor of plus applicable margin of at December 31, 2021. 
 (4) Subject to minimum rate SOFR floor of plus applicable margin of at December 31, 2022. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 
 
 2022 Secured Credit Facilities 
 
 On December 1, 2022 (the Closing Date ), EVERTEC and EVERTEC Group, entered into a credit agreement (the Credit Agreement with a syndicate of lenders and Truist Bank Truist ), as administrative agent and collateral agent, providing for (i) a million term loan A facility (the Term Loan Facility and (ii) a million revolving credit facility (the Revolving Facility , and together with the Term Loan Facility, the 2022 Credit Facilities ). The 2022 Credit Facilities mature on December 1, 2027 (the Maturity Date ). Concurrently with the execution of the 2022 Credit Agreement, the Company terminated the existing senior secured credit facilities. 
 
 Scheduled Amortization Payments 
 
 The Term Loan Facility amortizes in equal quarterly installments at a rate per annum equal to, initially, of the principal amount and, for any installment payments to be made in the calendar year ending 2027, of the principal amount, with the balance payable on the Maturity Date. The Revolving Credit Facility terminates on the Maturity Date, and loans thereunder may be borrowed, repaid and reborrowed prior thereto. 
 
 F - 30 

Table of Contents 
 
 EVERTEC, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 basis points, for the Interest Period in effect for such borrowing plus an applicable margin of per annum, which applicable margin is subject to bps step-ups (i.e. , , or per annum) based upon the Company s total net leverage ratio or (b) the ABR plus an applicable margin of per annum, which applicable margin is subject to bps step-ups (i.e. , , or per annum) based upon the Company s total net leverage ratio. Borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility that are denominated in a currency other than Dollars will bear interest at the Alternative Currency Rate for the Interest Period in effect for such borrowing plus an applicable margin of per annum, which applicable margin is subject to bps step-ups (i.e. , , or per annum) based upon the Company s total net leverage ratio. 
 
 Guarantees and Collateral 
 
 The 2022 Credit Facilities are secured by substantially all assets of EVERTEC and its existing and future material subsidiaries (including EVERTEC Group), subject to customary exceptions. EVERTEC and each of EVERTEC s existing and future material wholly-owned subsidiaries (including EVERTEC Group with respect to the obligations of EVERTEC and its existing and future material wholly-owned subsidiaries (other than EVERTEC Group)), subject to certain customary exceptions, guarantee repayment of the 2022 Credit Facilities. 
 
 In connection with the Credit Agreement, on December 1, 2022, EVERTEC, EVERTEC Group and the subsidiary guarantors party thereto, entered into a Guarantee Agreement (the Guarantee Agreement ), pursuant to which EVERTEC Group s obligations under the 2022 Credit Facilities and under any cash management, interest rate protection or other hedging arrangements entered into with a lender or any affiliate thereof are guaranteed by EVERTEC and each of EVERTEC s existing wholly-owned subsidiaries (other than EVERTEC Group) and subsequently acquired or organized subsidiaries, subject to certain exceptions. 
 
 In addition, on December 1, 2022, EVERTEC, EVERTEC Group and the subsidiaries party thereto, entered into a Collateral Agreement (the Collateral Agreement ), pursuant to which, subject to certain exceptions, the 2022 Credit Facilities are secured, to the extent legally permissible, by substantially all of the assets of (1) EVERTEC, including a perfected pledge of all of the limited liability company interests of EVERTEC Intermediate Holdings, LLC Holdings ), (2) Holdings, including a perfected pledge of all of the limited liability company interests of EVERTEC Group and (3) EVERTEC Group and the subsidiary guarantors, including but not limited to: (a) a pledge of substantially all capital stock held by EVERTEC Group or any guarantor and (b) a perfected security interest in substantially all tangible and intangible assets of EVERTEC Group and each guarantor. 
 
 Covenants 
 
 The 2022 Credit Facilities are subject to customary affirmative and negative covenants. The negative covenants in the 2022 Credit Facilities include, among other things, limitations (subject to exceptions) on the ability of EVERTEC and its restricted subsidiaries to: 
 
 declare dividends and make other distributions; 
 redeem or repurchase capital stock; 
 grant liens; 
 make loans or investments (including acquisitions); 
 merge or enter into acquisitions 
 sell assets; 
 enter into any sale or lease-back transactions; 
 incur additional indebtedness; 
 prepay, redeem or repurchase certain indebtedness; 
 modify the terms of certain debt; 
 restrict dividends from subsidiaries; 
 F - 31 

Table of Contents 
 
 EVERTEC, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 to 1.00 (i) from March 31, 2023 to September 30, 2024, and to 1.00 (ii) thereafter. 
 
 Events of Default 
 
 The events of default under the 2022 Credit Facilities include, without limitation, nonpayment, material misrepresentation, breach of covenants, insolvency, bankruptcy, certain judgments, change of control (as defined in the Credit Agreement) and cross-events of default on material indebtedness. 
 
 The unpaid principal balance at December 31, 2022 of the Term Loan Facility was million. The additional borrowing capacity for the Revolving Facility at December 31, 2022 was million. The Company issues letters of credit against the Revolving Facility which reduce the additional borrowing capacity of the Revolving Facility. 
 
 2018 Secured Credit Facilities 
 
 On November 27, 2018, EVERTEC and EVERTEC Group Borrower entered into a credit agreement providing for the secured credit facilities, consisting of a million term loan A facility 2023 Term A Loan ), a million term loan B facility 2024 Term B Loan and a million revolving credit facility (the Revolving Facility ), with a syndicate of lenders and Bank of America, N.A. Bank of America ), as administrative agent, collateral agent, swingline lender and line of credit issuer (collectively the 2018 Credit Agreement ). The 2018 Credit Agreement was terminated on December 1, 2022. 
 
 Notes payable 
 
 In December 2019, EVERTEC Group entered into non interest-bearing financing agreements amounting to million to purchase software and maintenance, which were fully repaid in January 2022. As of December 31, 2021, the outstanding principal balance of the notes payable was million. These notes are included in accounts payable in the Company s consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2021. 
 
 Interest Rate Swaps 
 
 million 1-month SOFR 
 In connection with the Credit Agreement, the Company amended the 2018 Swap variable rate from 1-month LIBOR to 1-month SOFR as allowed by the expedients included in ASC Topic 848 Reference Rate Reform. The Company continued to account for this agreement as a cash flow hedge. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the carrying amount of the derivatives included on the Company s consolidated balance sheets was an asset of million and a liability of million, respectively. The fair value of this derivative is estimated using Level 2 inputs in the fair value hierarchy on a recurring basis. 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company reclassified losses of million, million and million, respectively, from accumulated other comprehensive loss into interest expense. Based on current SOFR rates, the Company expects to reclassify gains of million from accumulated other comprehensive loss into interest expense over the next 12 months. Refer to Note 15 for tabular disclosure of the fair value of derivatives and to Note 17 for tabular disclosure of gains (losses) recorded on cash flow hedging activities. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the cash flow hedge is considered highly effective. 

F - 32 

Table of Contents 
 
 EVERTEC, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Note 15 

Interest rate swap December 31, 2021 Financial asset: Costa Rica Government Obligations Financial liability: Interest rate swap 
 Costa Rica Government Obligations 
 
 The fair value of the debt securities is determined by a third-party service provider and it is based on the value of trading securities in the local Costa Rica market. 
 
 Derivative Instruments 
 
 The fair value of the Company s derivative instrument is determined using a standard valuation model. The significant inputs used in these models are readily available in public markets, or can be derived from observable market transactions, and therefore have been classified as Level 2. Inputs used in these standard valuation models for derivative instruments include the applicable forward rates and discount rates. The discount rates are based on the historical LIBOR/ SOFR Swap rates. 

F - 33 

Table of Contents 
 
 EVERTEC, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Interest rate swap Financial liabilities: 2023 Term A Loan 2024 Term B Loan Term Loan Facility 
 
 The fair values of the term loans at December 31, 2022 and 2021 were obtained using the prices provided by third party service providers. Their pricing is based on various inputs such as market quotes, recent trading activity in a non-active market or imputed prices. These inputs are considered Level 3 inputs under the fair value hierarchy. Also, the pricing may include the use of an algorithm that could take into account movement in the general high yield market, among other variants. The secured term loans are not measured at fair value in the balance sheets. 
 There were transfers in or out of Level 3 during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 

Note 16 
 
 million, and other long-term liabilities of million. 
 
 As of December 31, 2021, other long-term liabilities mainly consist of an unrecognized tax benefit liability of million, and other long-term liabilities of million. 

Note 17 
 
 shares of common stock of par value. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had and shares outstanding, respectively. The Company is also authorized to issue shares of par value preferred stock. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, shares of preferred stock have been issued. 
 
 Stock Repurchase 
 
 In 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company repurchased a total of million, million, and million shares, respectively, at a cost of million, million and million. The Company funded such repurchases with cash on hand and borrowings to the existing revolving credit facility. Additionally, as part of closing the Popular Transaction, the Company received million shares of its own common stock. All repurchased shares in the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 and the shares received as part of the Popular Transaction were retired. 

F - 34 

Table of Contents 
 
 EVERTEC, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income before reclassifications ) ) Effective portion reclassified to net income Balance - December 31, 2021, net of tax ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) Effective portion reclassified to net income Balance - December 31, 2022, net of tax ) ) 

Note 18 
 
 shares of common stock. In addition, shares remaining available for grant under the 2013 Plan as of the Effective Date were rolled over to the 2022 Plan and are available to be granted as of the Effective Date. Under the terms of the 2022 Plan, any shares of common stock of the Company covered by outstanding awards under the 2013 Plan as of the Effective Date will again become available for grant, to the extent the shares underlying such awards are not issued because they are forfeited or settled or terminated without distribution of shares of common stock of the Company. 
 
 The vesting of the RSUs is dependent upon service and/or performance conditions as defined in the award agreements. Employees that received time-based awards with service conditions are entitled to receive a specific number of shares of the 
 F - 35 

Table of Contents 
 
 EVERTEC, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 in substantially equal installments commencing on the grant date and ending on February 27 of each year for the 2020 LTIP, March 2 of each year for the 2021 LTIP, and February 25 of each year for the 2022 LTIP. In 2022, the Company also granted time-based awards with a service vesting period which will cliff vest on February 25, 2025. 
 
 For the performance-based awards under the 2020 LTIP, 2021 LTIP, and 2022 LTIP, the Compensation Committee established adjusted earnings before income taxes, depreciation, and amortization Adjusted EBITDA as the primary performance measure while maintaining focus on total shareholder return through the use of a market-based total shareholder return TSR performance modifier. The Adjusted EBITDA measure is based on annual targets and can produce a payout between and . The TSR modifier adjusts the shares earned based on the core Adjusted EBITDA performance upwards or downwards (+/- based on the Company s relative TSR at the end of the performance period as compared to the companies in the Russell 2000 Index. The Adjusted EBITDA performance measure will be calculated for the period commencing on January 1 of the year of the grant and ending on December 31 of the same year, relative to the goals set by the Compensation Committee for this same period. The shares earned will be subject to an additional service vesting period and will vest on February 27, 2023 for the 2020 LTIP, March 2, 2024 for the 2021 LTIP, and February 25, 2025 for the 2022 LTIP. Unless otherwise specified in the award agreement, or in an employment agreement, awards are forfeited if the employee voluntarily ceases to be employed by the Company prior to vesting. 
 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Nonvested at December 31, 2020 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Nonvested at December 31, 2021 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Nonvested at December 31, 2022 
 
 The maximum unrecognized cost for restricted stock units was million as of December 31, 2022. The cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 

Note 19 
 
 of service. For the years 
 F - 36 

Table of Contents 
 
 EVERTEC, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 million, million and million, respectively. 

Note 20 
 
 million in realized gains on foreign currency transactions and a million loss on extinguishment of debt. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, other income (expenses) is primarily comprised of million in realized gains on foreign transactions and million for a gain on sale of assets from Ticketpop. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2020, other income (expenses) is primarily comprised of million in realized gains on foreign currency transactions. 

Note 21 
 
 Deferred tax benefit ) ) ) Income tax expense 
 
 F - 37 

Table of Contents 
 
 EVERTEC, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 United States Foreign countries Total income before income tax provision Current tax provision Puerto Rico United States Foreign countries Total current tax provision Deferred tax (benefit) provision Puerto Rico ) ) United States Foreign countries ) ) ) Total deferred tax benefit ) ) ) 
 
 Taxes payable to foreign countries by EVERTEC s subsidiaries will be paid by such subsidiary and the corresponding liability and expense will be presented in EVERTEC s consolidated financial statements. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had million and million of unremitted earnings from foreign subsidiaries, respectively. The Company has not recognized a deferred tax liability on undistributed earnings for the Company s foreign subsidiaries because these earnings are intended to be indefinitely reinvested. The amount of the unrecognized deferred tax liability depends on judgment required to analyze the withholding tax due, the applicable tax law and factual circumstances in effect at the time of any such distributions. EVERTEC believes it is not practicable at this time to reliably determine the amount of unrecognized deferred tax liability related to the Company s undistributed earnings. If circumstances change and it becomes apparent that some or all of the undistributed earnings of a subsidiary will be remitted, and income taxes have not been recognized by the parent entity, the parent entity shall accrue as an expense of the current period income taxes attributable to that remittance. 
 
 On October 19, 2012, EVERTEC Group was granted a tax exemption under the Tax Incentive Act No. 73 of 2008. Under this grant, EVERTEC Group will benefit from a preferential income tax rate on industrial development income, as well as from tax exemptions with respect to its municipal and property tax obligations for certain activities derived from its data processing operations in Puerto Rico. The grant has a term of years effective as of January 1, 2012 with respect to income tax obligations and January 1, 2013 with respect to municipal and property tax obligations. Industrial development income under this grant is subject to a preferential rate of . 
 
 The grant contains customary commitments, conditions, and representations that EVERTEC Group will be required to comply with in order to maintain the grant. The more significant commitments include: (i) maintaining at least employees in EVERTEC Group's Puerto Rico data processing operations, (ii) investing at least million in building, machinery, equipment or computer programs to be used in Puerto Rico during the effective term of the grant (to be made over four-year capital investment cycles in million increments); and (iii) of EVERTEC Group employees must be residents of Puerto Rico. Failure to meet the requirements could result, among other things, in reductions of the benefits of the grant or revocation of the grant in its entirety, which could result in EVERTEC, Inc. paying additional taxes or other payments relative to what would be required to pay to other municipal agencies if the full benefits of the grant are not available. 
 
 On October 11, 2011, Evertec Group was granted a tax exemption under Tax Incentive Law No. 73 of 2008, retroactively to December 1, 2009. Under this grant, activities derived from consulting and data processing services provided outside Puerto Rico are subject to a preferred rate that declines gradually from to by December 1, 2013. After this date, the rate remains at until its expiration on November 30, 2024. 
 F - 38 

Table of Contents 
 
 EVERTEC, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Unearned income Lease liability Share-based compensation Debt issuance costs Accrued liabilities Derivative liability Accrual of contract maintenance cost Impairment of asset Other Total gross deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities DTL Capitalized salaries Difference between the assigned values and the tax basis of assets and liabilities recognized in business combinations Right of use asset Other Total gross deferred tax liabilities Deferred tax asset (liability), net ) 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the net deferred tax liability and asset amounted to million and million, respectively, with a valuation allowance of approximately million and million, respectively, included as part of other deferred tax assets, for a net deferred tax liability and asset after valuation allowance of approximately million and million, respectively. 
 
 Pursuant to the provision of the PR Code, net operating losses NOL can be carried forward for a period of seven, ten or twelve taxable years, depending on the taxable year generated. Act 72 of May 29, 2015, limited the amount of NOLs deduction to 80 for regular tax and 70 for alternative minimum tax AMT for taxable years commencing after December 31, 2014. However, Act 257 of 2018 limits the deduction of NOLs to 90 for regular tax for tax years commencing after December 31, 2018. At December 31, 2022, the Company has million, million and million in NOL carryforwards related to Puerto Rico industrial development income, United States and foreign countries, respectively, available to offset future eligible income. 
 F - 39 

Table of Contents 
 
 EVERTEC, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 2028 2029 2030 2031 2033 Indefinitely 
 
 The Company recognizes the benefit of uncertain tax positions UTPs only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such a position are measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than fifty percent likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. 
 
 Gross increases tax positions in prior period Gross decreases tax positions in prior period ) ) ) Lapse of statute of limitations ) ) ) Balance, end of year 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, approximately million, million and million, respectively, would have affected the Company s effective income tax rate, if recognized. 
 
 The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to UTB as part of income tax expense. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company recognized an income tax expense of million, million and million, respectively, related to interest and penalties. The amount accrued for interest and penalties at December 31, 2022 and 2021 was million and million, respectively. During the quarter ended September 30, 2022, the Company released million of the previously recorded Puerto Rico liability for uncertain tax positions related to the net operating loss created by transaction costs from mergers and acquisitions as a result of the expiration of the statute of limitations. 
 
 In connection with tax return examinations, contingencies can arise that generally result from different interpretations of tax laws and regulations as they pertain to the amount, timing or inclusion of revenues and expenses in taxable income, or the ability to utilize tax credits to reduce income taxes payable. While it is probable, based on the potential outcome of the Company s Puerto Rico and foreign tax examinations or the statute of limitations for specific jurisdictions, that the liability for UTBs may increase or decrease within the next twelve months, the Company does not expect any such change would have a material effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flow. 
 
 The Company and its subsidiaries are subject to Puerto Rico income tax as well as income tax of multiple foreign jurisdictions. A significant majority of the income tax is from Puerto Rico and Costa Rica. The income tax returns for 2018, 2019, 2020, and 2021 are currently open for examination for both jurisdictions, while 2014 and 2015 are also open for examination for Costa Rica. 
 F - 40 

Table of Contents 
 
 EVERTEC, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

to the income before income taxes as a result of the following: Years ended December 31, (In thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Computed income tax at statutory rates Differences in tax rates due to multiple jurisdictions Excess tax benefits on share-based compensation ) ) Effect of income subject to tax-exemption grant ) ) ) Effect of the gain on sale of a business ) Unrecognized tax (benefit) expense ) ) Other, net Income tax expense 

Note 22 
 Weighted average common shares outstanding Weighted average potential dilutive common shares (1) 
 Weighted average common shares outstanding assuming dilution Net income per common share basic Net income per common share diluted 
 
 (1) Potential common shares consist of common stock issuable under RSUs awards using the treasury stock method. 
 Refer to Note 17 for a detail of dividends declared and paid during 2022 and 2021. 
 F - 41 

Table of Contents 
 
 EVERTEC, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note 23 
 
 Cost of revenues Rent and other fees Interest earned from an affiliate Interest income 
 
 (1) Amounts presented through August 15, 2022. 

Other due/to from affiliate Accounts receivable Prepaid expenses and other assets Operating lease right-of use assets Other long-term assets 
 Accounts payable 
 Contract liabilities Operating lease liabilities 
 The balance of cash and restricted cash deposits in an affiliated bank was included within the cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash line items in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. Due from affiliates mainly included the amounts outstanding related to processing and information technology services billed to Popular subsidiaries according to the terms of the MSA under which EVERTEC Group has a contract to provide such services for at least years on an exclusive basis for the duration of the agreement on commercial terms consistent with historical pricing practices among the parties. This amount was included in the accounts receivable, net in the consolidated balance sheet. 

Note 24 

F - 42 

Table of Contents 
 
 EVERTEC, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 year to years, some of which may include options to extend the leases for up to years, and some which may include the option to terminate the lease within year. 
 
 Variable lease cost Total lease costs 
 Other Balance Sheet information related to operating leases was as follows: December 31, (In thousands) 2022 2021 Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for operating lease obligations Weighted average remaining lease term, in years Weighted Average Discount Rate 
 Operating lease liability - long-term Total operating lease liabilities 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total future minimum lease payments Less: imputed interest ) Total 

Note 25 
 
 business segments: Payment Services - Puerto Rico Caribbean, Payment Services - Latin America, Merchant Acquiring, and Business Solutions. 
 
 F - 43 

Table of Contents 
 
 EVERTEC, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 operating segments described above, Management identified certain functional cost areas that operate independently and do not constitute businesses in themselves. These areas could neither be concluded as operating segments nor could they be combined with any other operating segments. Therefore, these areas are aggregated and presented as Corporate and Other category in the financial statements alongside the operating segments. The Corporate and Other category consists of corporate overhead expenses, intersegment eliminations, certain leveraged activities and other non-operating and miscellaneous expenses that are not included in the operating segments. The overhead and leveraged costs relate to activities such as: 
 
 marketing, 
 corporate finance and accounting, 
 human resources, 
 legal, 
 risk management functions, 
 internal audit, 
 corporate debt related costs, 
 non-operating depreciation and amortization expenses generated as a result of merger and acquisition activity, 
 F - 44 

Table of Contents 
 
 EVERTEC, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 business segments for the periods indicated: December 31, 2022 (In thousands) Payment Services - Puerto Rico Caribbean Payment Services - Latin America Merchant Acquiring, net Business Solutions Corporate and Other (1) 
 Total Revenues ) 
 Operating costs and expenses ) Depreciation and amortization Non-operating income (expenses) ) ) EBITDA ) Compensation and benefits (2) 
 Transaction, refinancing, and other fees (3) 
 ) ) Adjusted EBITDA ) 
 
 (1) Corporate and Other consists of corporate overhead, certain leveraged activities, other non-operating expenses and intersegment eliminations. Intersegment revenue eliminations predominantly reflect the million processing fee from Payments Services - Puerto Rico Caribbean to Merchant Acquiring and intercompany software developments and transaction processing of million from Payment Services- Latin America to both Payment Services- Puerto Rico Caribbean and Business Solutions, and transaction processing and monitoring fees of million from Payment Services - Puerto Rico Caribbean to Payment Services - Latin America. 
 (2) Primarily represents share-based compensation and severance payments. 
 (3) Primarily represents fees and expenses associated with corporate transactions as defined in the 2022 Credit Agreement, the gain from the Popular transaction and the elimination of non-cash equity earnings from our equity investment in Consorcio de Tarjetas Dominicanas S.A., net of dividends received. 
 
 F - 45 

Table of Contents 
 
 EVERTEC, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 ) Operating costs and expenses ) Depreciation and amortization Non-operating income (expenses) ) EBITDA ) Compensation and benefits (2) 
 Transaction, refinancing, and other fees (3) 
 ) Adjusted EBITDA ) 
 
 (1) Corporate and Other consists of corporate overhead, certain leveraged activities, other non-operating expenses and intersegment eliminations. Intersegment revenue eliminations predominantly reflect the million processing fee from Payments Services - Puerto Rico Caribbean to Merchant Acquiring, intercompany software developments and transaction processing of million from Payment Services- Latin America to both Payment Services- Puerto Rico Caribbean and Business Solutions, and transaction processing and monitoring fees of million from Payment Services - Puerto Rico Caribbean to Payment Services - Latin America. 
 (2) Primarily represents share-based compensation and severance payments. 
 (3) Primarily represents fees and expenses associated with corporate transactions as defined in the 2018 Credit Agreement, the elimination of non-cash equity earnings from our equity investment in Consorcio de Tarjetas Dominicanas S.A., net of dividends received, a software impairment charge and a gain from sale of assets. 
 
 December 31, 2020 (In thousands) Payment Services - Puerto Rico Caribbean Payment Services - Latin America Merchant Acquiring, net Business Solutions Corporate and Other (1) 
 Total Revenues ) Operating costs and expenses 
 Depreciation and amortization Non-operating income (expenses) ) EBITDA ) Compensation and benefits (2) 
 Transaction, refinancing, exit activity and other fees (3) 
 Adjusted EBITDA ) 
 
 (1) Corporate and Other consists of corporate overhead, certain leveraged activities, other non-operating expenses and intersegment eliminations. Intersegment revenue eliminations predominantly reflect the million processing fee from Payments Services - Puerto Rico Caribbean to Merchant Acquiring and intercompany software sale and developments of million from Payment Services-Latin America to Payment Services-Puerto Rico Caribbean. 
 (2) Primarily represents share-based compensation. 
 equity investment in Consorcio de Tarjetas Dominicanas S.A. 
 F - 46 

Table of Contents 
 
 EVERTEC, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Less: Income tax expense Interest expense, net Depreciation and amortization Net Income 
 
 Caribbean Latin America Total Revenues 
 
 (1) Revenues are based on subsidiaries country of domicile. 
 
 F - 47 

Table of Contents 
 
 EVERTEC, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 , and , for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Accounts receivable from Popular as of December 31, 2022 amounted to million. 
 The Company s next largest customer, the Government of Puerto Rico, consolidating all individual agencies and public corporations, represented , , and of the Company s total revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

Note 26 
 
 per share on the Company s outstanding shares of common stock. The dividend will be paid on March 17, 2023 to stockholders of record as of the close of business on February 28, 2023. The Board anticipates declaring this dividend in future quarters on a regular basis; however future declarations of dividends are subject to Board of Directors approval and may be adjusted as business needs or market conditions change. 
 
 On February 16, 2023, the Company closed on the acquisition of of Paysmart Pagamentos Eletronicos Ltda paySmart ). Headquartered in Porto Alegre, Brazil, paySmart provides issuer processing services and BIN Sponsorship services for prepaid programs under domestic and international schemes in Brazil. The aggregate purchase price is R million, approximately USD million at current exchange rates. The acquisition expands the Company's footprint in Brazil and compliments the current product offering in the country. 

F - 48 

Table of Contents 
 
 Schedule I 

EVERTEC, Inc. 
 Prepaid expenses and other assets Total current assets Investment in subsidiaries, at equity Deferred tax asset, net Total assets Liabilities and stockholders equity Current liabilities: Accrued liabilities Accounts payable Income tax payable Total current liabilities Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Stockholders equity: Common stock Additional paid-in capital Accumulated earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 
 F - 49 

Table of Contents 
 
 Schedule I 

Interest income Other expenses ) ) Income before income taxes Income tax benefit ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Loss on cash flow hedges ) Unrealized gain on change in fair value of debt securities available-for-sale ) Total comprehensive income 
 Condensed Statements of Cash Flows Years ended December 31, (In thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities Cash flows from financing activities Dividends paid ) ) ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) Withholding taxes paid on share-based compensation ) ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) ) Net change in cash Cash at beginning of the period Cash at end of the period 

F - 50 

<EX-4.2>
 2
 ex4212312022.htm
 EX-4.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 4.2 
 
 DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 
 REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES 
 EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 In this Exhibit 4.2, when we refer to Evertec, Inc., the Company, we, us or our or when we otherwise refer to ourselves, we mean Evertec, Inc., excluding, unless otherwise expressly stated or the context requires, our subsidiaries all references to common stock refer only to common stock issued by Evertec, Inc. and not to any common stock issued by any subsidiary. 
 
 The general terms and provisions of our common stock are summarized below. This summary does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and is qualified in its entirety by express reference to, the provisions of our charter and amended and restated bylaws, each of which is filed as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit 4.2 is a part. We encourage you to read our charter and amended and restated bylaws. 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 Authorized Shares 
 The Company has the authority to issue 206,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.01 per share and, subject to certain conditions described below, the Company has the authority to issue 2,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.01 per share. 
 
 Dividends 
 Any declaration and payment of future dividends to holders of our common stock will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors (the Board and will depend on many factors, including our financial condition, earnings, available cash, business opportunities, legal requirements, restrictions in our debt agreements and other contracts, capital requirements, level of indebtedness and other factors that our Board deems relevant. The covenants of our senior secured credit facilities may limit our ability to pay dividends on our common stock. 
 
 All shares of our common stock are entitled to share equally in any dividends our Board may declare from legally available sources, subject to the terms of any then outstanding preferred stock and the terms and conditions set forth in any applicable restricted stock award agreement. Provisions of our debt agreements, such as those of our senior secured credit facilities, and other contracts may impose restrictions on our ability to declare dividends with respect to our common stock. 
 
 Voting Rights 
 The holders of our common stock are entitled to one vote per share on each matter properly submitted to the stockholders on which the holders of shares of common stock are entitled to vote. Subject to the rights of the holders of any then-outstanding preferred stock described in Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Structure, 

Governance and Stock Exchange Listing, at any annual or special meeting of the stockholders, holders of common stock shall have the exclusive right to vote for the election of directors and on all other matters properly submitted to a vote of the stockholders in accordance with the provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws. 
 
 Liquidation Rights 
 Upon liquidation or dissolution of our Company, whether voluntary or involuntary, all shares of our common stock are entitled to share equally in the assets available for distribution to stockholders after payment of all of our prior obligations, including any then-outstanding preferred stock. 
 
 Other Matters 
 The holders of our common stock have no preemptive rights, and our common stock is not subject to further calls or assessments by us. There are no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to our common stock. 
 
 Preferred Stock 
 
 Shares of preferred stock may be issued in one or more series from time to time, with each such series to consist of such number of shares and to have such voting powers, full or limited, or no voting powers, and such designations, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights, and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, as shall be stated in the resolution or resolutions providing for the issuance of such series adopted by the Board and included in a certificate of designations (a Preferred Stock Designation ), and, the Board is hereby expressly vested with the authority, to the full extent now or hereafter provided by law, to adopt any such resolution or resolutions, provided that no such series of preferred may be authorized, and no such shares of preferred stock may be issued, without the prior approval of the terms of the Preferred Stock Designation. 
 
 Certain Anti-Takeover, Limited Liability and Indemnification Provisions 
 
 Certain provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws summarized below may be deemed to have an anti-takeover effect and may delay, deter or prevent a tender offer or takeover attempt that a stockholder might consider to be in its best interests, including attempts that might result in a premium being paid over the market price for the shares held by stockholders. 
 
 Blank Check Preferred Stock Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes our Board to issue shares of preferred stock, subject to certain conditions as described above. 
 
 No Cumulative Voting Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation does not provide stockholders with the right to cumulative votes in the election of directors. 

Stockholder Action by Written Consent Any action required to be or that may be taken at any meeting of stockholders may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote, if and only if a consent in writing, setting forth the action so taken, shall be signed by all of the holders of outstanding shares entitled to vote thereon. 
 
 Advance Notice Requirements for Stockholder Proposals and Director Nominations Our amended and restated bylaws provide that stockholders seeking to bring business before an annual meeting of stockholders, or to nominate candidates for election as directors at an annual meeting of stockholders, must provide timely notice thereof in writing. To be timely, a stockholder s notice generally must be delivered to and received at our principal executive offices not less than 90 days nor more than 120 days prior to the first anniversary of the preceding year s annual meeting provided , that, in the event that the date of such meeting is advanced more than 30 days prior to, or delayed by more than 60 days after, the anniversary of the preceding year s annual meeting of our stockholders, a stockholder s notice to be timely must be so delivered not earlier than the close of business on the 120th day prior to such meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of the 90th day prior to such meeting or the 10th day following the day on which public announcement of the date of such meeting is first made. Our amended and restated bylaws also specify certain requirements as to the form and content of a stockholder s notice. 
 
 Amendments to Organizational Documents Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we have the ability to amend, alter, change or repeal any provision in our certificate of incorporation by (i) the affirmative vote of the stockholders holding at least a majority of shares of our common stock then outstanding and entitled to vote. Similarly, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws provide that our amended and restated bylaws may be adopted, amended, altered or repealed by the Board. 
 
 Limitation of Officer and Director Liability and Indemnification Arrangements Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws limit the liability of our directors to the maximum extent permitted by Puerto Rico law. However, if Puerto Rico law is amended to authorize corporate action further limiting or eliminating the personal liability of directors, then the liability of our directors will be limited or eliminated to the fullest extent permitted by Puerto Rico law, as so amended. The modification or repeal of this provision of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws will not adversely affect any right or protection of a director existing at the time of such modification or repeal. 
 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws provide that we will, from time to time, to the fullest extent permitted by law, indemnify our directors and officers against all liabilities and expenses in any suit or proceeding, arising out of their status as an officer or director or their activities in these capacities. We also will indemnify any person who, at our request, is or was serving as a director, officer or employee of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise. We may, by action of our 

Board, provide indemnification to our employees and agents within the same scope and effect as the foregoing indemnification of directors and officers. 
 
 The right to be indemnified includes the right of an officer or a director to be paid expenses, including attorneys fees, in advance of the final disposition of any proceeding, provided that, if required by law, we receive an undertaking to repay such amount if it will be determined that he or she is not entitled to be indemnified. 
 
 Our Board may take certain action it deems necessary to carry out these indemnification provisions, including purchasing insurance policies. Neither the amendment nor the repeal of these indemnification provisions, nor the adoption of any provision of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation inconsistent with these indemnification provisions, will eliminate or reduce any rights to indemnification relating to such person s status or any activities prior to such amendment, repeal or adoption. 
 
 We have entered into separate indemnification agreements with each of our non-management directors in connection with his or her appointment to the Board. These indemnification agreements will require us to, among other things, indemnify our directors against liabilities that may arise by reason of their status or service as directors. These indemnification agreements also require us to advance any expenses incurred by the directors as a result of any proceeding against them as to which they could be indemnified and to use reasonable efforts to cause our directors to be covered by any of our insurance policies providing insurance for our directors and officers. A director is not entitled to indemnification by us under such agreements if (i) the director did not act in good faith and in a manner he or she deemed to be reasonable and consistent with, and not opposed to, our best interests or (ii) with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, the director had reasonable cause to believe his or her conduct was unlawful. 
 
 Currently, to our knowledge, there is no pending litigation or proceeding involving any of our directors, officers, employees or agents in which indemnification by us is sought, nor are we aware of any threatened litigation or proceeding that may result in a claim for indemnification. 
 
 Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act may be permitted for our directors, officers and controlling persons under the foregoing provisions or otherwise, we have been informed that, in the opinion of the SEC, such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. 
 
 We believe these provisions will assist in attracting and retaining qualified individuals to serve as directors and officers. 

</EX-4.2>

<EX-10.17>
 3
 ex101712312022.htm
 EX-10.17

Document 

EXHIBIT 10.17 
 
 DIRECTOR AND OFFICER INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT 
 
 This Director and Officer Indemnification Agreement (this Agreement is made as of this day of , (the Effective Date ), by and between EVERTEC, Inc., a Puerto Rico corporation (the Company ), and the indemnitee named on the signature page hereto (the Indemnitee ). 
 
 RECITALS 
 
 WHEREAS, the Company desires to attract and retain the services of highly qualified individuals to act as directors and officers 
 
 WHEREAS, the Company understands that, in order to attract and retain desirable directors and officers, the Company must provide such persons with adequate protection through indemnification against risks, expenses, claims and actions against them arising out of their service to, and activities on behalf of, the Company 
 
 WHEREAS, the Company s certificate of incorporation and bylaws each require that the Company indemnify the Company s directors and officers to the fullest extent authorized by the General Corporations Law of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico of 2009, as amended General Corporations Law ), under which the Company is incorporated, and such certificate of incorporation and bylaws expressly provide that the indemnification provided therein is not exclusive and contemplate that the Company may enter into separate agreements with its directors, officers and other persons to set forth specific indemnification provisions 
 
 WHEREAS, in light of the fact that the certificate of incorporation and bylaws of the Company are subject to change and do not contain all the provisions and protections set forth in this Agreement, the Company has determined that the Indemnitee and other directors and officers of the Company may not be willing to serve or continue to serve in such capacities without additional protection 
 
 WHEREAS, the Company desires and has requested the Indemnitee to serve or continue to serve as a director or officer of the Company, as the case may be, and has proffered this Agreement to the Indemnitee as an additional inducement to serve in such capacity and 
 
 WHEREAS, the Indemnitee is willing to serve, or to continue to serve, as a director or officer of the Company, as the case may be, if the Indemnitee is furnished the indemnity provided for herein by the Company. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE , in consideration of the promises and the covenants contained herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the Company and the Indemnitee do hereby covenant and agree as follows 
 
 1. Definitions. 
 
 (a) Change in Control means, and shall be deemed to have occurred if, (i) any person (as such term is used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )), other than (x) a trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company acting in such capacity or (y) a corporation owned directly or indirectly by the stockholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of stock of the Company, becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing more than fifty percent (50 of the total voting power represented by the Company s then outstanding voting stock, (ii) during any period of two (2) consecutive years (not including any period prior to the execution of this Agreement), and (x) individuals who at the beginning of such period constitute the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board ), (iii) the stockholders of the Company approve a merger or consolidation of the Company with any other corporation other than a merger or consolidation that would result in the voting stock of the Company outstanding immediately prior thereto continuing to represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting stock of the surviving entity) at least fifty percent (50 of the total voting power represented by the voting stock of the Company or such surviving entity outstanding immediately after such merger or consolidation or with the power to elect at least a majority of the board of directors or other governing body of the surviving entity, or (iv) the stockholders of the Company approve a plan of complete liquidation of the Company or an agreement for the sale or disposition by the Company (in one transaction or a series of related transactions) of all or substantially all of the Company s assets. 
 
 1 

(b) Corporate Status describes the status of a person who is serving or has served (i) as a director or officer of the Company, (ii) as a Company employee in a fiduciary capacity with respect to an employee benefit plan of the Company or (iii) as a director or officer of any other Entity at the request of the Company. For purposes of subsection (iii) of this Section (b), a director or officer of the Company who is serving or has served as a director or officer of a Subsidiary shall be deemed to be serving at the request of the Company. 
 
 (c) Disinterested Director means a director of the Company who (i) is not and was not a party to the Proceeding in respect of which indemnification is sought by the Indemnitee and (ii) is determined to be disinterested under applicable Puerto Rico law. 
 
 (d) Entity shall mean any corporation, partnership (general or limited), limited liability company, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan, company, foundation, non-profit entity, association, organization or other legal entity, other than the Company. 
 
 (e) Expenses shall be construed broadly to mean all direct and indirect fees of any type or nature whatsoever, costs and expenses incurred in connection with any Proceeding, including, without limitation, all attorneys fees and costs, disbursements and retainers (including, without limitation, any fees, disbursements and retainers incurred by the Indemnitee pursuant to Section 11 hereof), fees and disbursements of experts, witnesses, private investigators and professional advisors (including, without limitation, accountants and investment bankers), court costs, filing fees, transcript costs, fees of experts, travel expenses, duplicating, imaging, printing and binding costs, telephone and fax transmission charges, computer legal research costs, postage, delivery service fees, secretarial services, fees and expenses of third party vendors the premium, security for, and other costs associated with any bond (including supersedeas or appeal bonds, injunction bonds, cost bonds, appraisal bonds or their equivalents), in each case incurred in connection with prosecuting, defending, preparing to prosecute or defend, investigating, being or preparing to be a witness in, or otherwise participating in, a Proceeding (including, without limitation, any judicial or arbitration Proceeding brought to enforce the Indemnitee s rights under, or to recover damages for breach of, this Agreement), as well as all other expenses within the meaning of that term as used in Section 4.08 (14 L.P.R.A. 3568) of the General Corporations Law, any federal, state, local, Commonwealth or foreign taxes imposed on Indemnitee as a result of the actual or deemed receipt of any payments under this Agreement, Employment Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (ERISA) excise taxes and penalties, and all other disbursements or expenses of types customarily and reasonably incurred in connection with prosecuting, defending, preparing to prosecute or defend, investigating, being or preparing to be a witness in, or otherwise participating in, actions, suits, or proceedings similar to or of the same type as the Proceeding with respect to which such disbursements or expenses were incurred. Expenses also shall include Expenses incurred in connection with any appeal resulting from any Proceeding. 
 
 (f) Indemnifiable Expenses, Indemnifiable Liabilities and Indemnifiable Amounts shall have the meanings ascribed to those terms in Section 3(a) hereof. 
 
 (g) Independent Counsel means a law firm, or a person admitted to practice law in any State of the United States or the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, that is experienced in matters of corporation law and neither presently is, nor in the past three years has been, retained to represent (i) the Company or the Indemnitee in any matter material to either such party (other than with respect to matters concerning the Indemnitee under this Agreement, or of other indemnities under similar indemnification agreements), or (ii) any other party to the Proceeding giving rise to a claim for indemnification hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the term Independent Counsel shall not include any law firm or person who, under the applicable standards of professional conduct then prevailing, would have a conflict of interest in representing either the Company or the Indemnitee in an action to determine the Indemnitee s rights under this Agreement. 
 
 (h) Liabilities shall be broadly construed to mean, without limitation, all judgments, damages, liabilities, losses, penalties, taxes, fines and amounts paid in settlement, in each case, of any type whatsoever, in connection with a Proceeding. References herein to fines shall include any excise tax assessed with respect to any employee benefit plan. 
 
 (i) Proceeding shall be construed broadly to mean, without limitation, any threatened, pending or completed claim, government, regulatory and self-regulatory action, suit, arbitration, mediation, alternate dispute resolution process, investigation (including any internal investigation), inquiry, administrative hearing, appeal, or any other actual, threatened or completed proceeding, whether brought in the right of the Company or otherwise and whether of a civil (including intentional or unintentional tort claims), criminal, administrative, arbitrative or investigative nature, whether formal or informal, including a proceeding initiated by the Indemnitee pursuant to Section 11 of this Agreement to enforce the Indemnitee s rights hereunder. 
 
 (j) Subsidiary shall mean any Entity of which the Company owns (either directly or indirectly) either (i) a general partner, managing member or other similar interest or (ii) (A) 50 or more of the voting power of the voting capital 
 2 

equity interests of such Entity, or (B) 50 or more of the outstanding voting capital stock or other voting equity interests of such Entity. 
 
 (k) References herein to a director of any other Entity shall include, in the case of any Entity that is not managed by a board of directors, such other position, such as manager or trustee or member of the board of managers or other governing body of such Entity, that entails responsibility for the management and direction of such Entity s affairs, including, without limitation, the general partner of any partnership (general or limited) and the manager, managing member or board of managers of any limited liability company. 
 
 2. Services by the Indemnitee. In consideration of the Company s covenants and commitments hereunder, the Indemnitee agrees to serve or continue to serve as either a director on the Board of Directors of the Company or as an officer, as applicable, so long as the Indemnitee is duly elected or appointed and until his or her successor has been duly elected and qualified or until his or her earlier death, disability, resignation, termination or other removal. 
 
 3. Agreement to Indemnify. The Company agrees to indemnify the Indemnitee to the fullest extent permitted, and in the manner permitted, by the General Corporations Law or other applicable law as in effect as of the date hereof or as such laws may, from time to time, be amended (but only if amended in a way that broadens the right to indemnification and advancement of expenses) as follows 
 
 (a) Indemnification for Third Party Proceedings. Subject to the exceptions contained in Section 4(a) hereof, if the Indemnitee was or is a party to, threatened to be made a party to or otherwise involved in any capacity in any Proceeding (other than an action initiated by the Company or initiated to protect the interests of the Company) by reason of the Indemnitee s Corporate Status, the Indemnitee shall be indemnified by the Company against all Expenses and Liabilities incurred in a reasonable manner whether paid by the Indemnitee or on the Indemnitee s behalf in connection with such a Proceeding (such Expenses and Liabilities are referred to herein as Indemnifiable Expenses and Indemnifiable Liabilities , respectively, and collectively as Indemnifiable Amounts ). In addition, the Indemnitee s Corporate Status may allow for indemnification under certain agreements containing indemnity provisions with another Entity or protections under the organization documents of such other Entity. In those instances, the Company shall remain wholly liable for making any indemnification payments for all Indemnifiable Amounts notwithstanding the payment obligation of such amounts by a third party to the Indemnitee. 
 
 (b) Indemnification in Derivative Actions and Direct Actions by the Company. Subject to the exceptions contained in Section 4(b) hereof, if the Indemnitee was or is a party to, threatened to be made a party to or otherwise involved in any capacity in any Proceeding initiated by the Company or initiated to protect the interests of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of the Indemnitee s Corporate Status, the Indemnitee shall be indemnified by the Company against all Indemnifiable Expenses. In addition, the Indemnitee s Corporate Status may allow for indemnification under certain agreements containing indemnity provisions with another Entity or protections under the organization documents of such other Entity. In those instances, the Company shall remain wholly liable for making any indemnification payments for all Indemnifiable Expenses notwithstanding the payment obligation of such amounts by a third party to the Indemnitee. 
 
 (c) Other Indemnification Rights. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, the Company hereby acknowledges that an Indemnitee may have certain rights to indemnification, insurance and or advancement of expenses provided by one or more Entities who employ such Indemnitee or of which such Indemnitee is a partner or member or with such Entity s respective affiliated investment funds, managed funds and management companies, if applicable, or such Entity s respective affiliates (collectively, the Secondary Indemnitors ). The Company hereby agrees (i) that it is the indemnitor of first resort meaning that, its obligations under this Agreement are primary and any obligation of the Secondary Indemnitors to advance expenses and provide indemnification for the same expenses and liabilities incurred by any such Indemnitee are secondary, (ii) that it shall be required to advance the full amount of Indemnifiable Expenses incurred by any such Indemnitee and shall be liable for the full amount of any Indemnifiable Amounts to the extent legally permitted and as required by this Agreement, the certificate of incorporation, the bylaws or any other agreement between the Company and such Indemnitee, without regard to any rights that such Indemnitee may have against the Secondary Indemnitors and (iii) that it irrevocably waives, relinquishes and releases the Secondary Indemnitors from any and all claims that it has or may have against the Secondary Indemnitors for contribution, subrogation or any other recovery of any kind in respect thereof. The Company further agrees that no advancement or payment by the Secondary Indemnitors shall affect the foregoing and that the Secondary Indemnitors shall be subrogated to the extent of such advancement or payment to all of the rights of recovery of any such Indemnitee against the Company. The Company and each Indemnitee agree that Secondary Indemnitors are express third-party beneficiaries of this Section 3(c). In furtherance and not in limitation of the foregoing, in the event that a Secondary Indemnitor (other than the Company or any of its Subsidiaries) pays, forwards or otherwise satisfies any Indemnifiable Amounts to the Indemnitee, such amounts shall be promptly reimbursed by the Company to such payor to the extent that such Indemnifiable Amounts were required to be paid by the Company to the Indemnitee pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. 
 
 3 

(d) Employee Benefit Plans. For the avoidance of doubt, the indemnification rights and obligations contained herein shall extend to any Proceeding in which the Indemnitee was of is a party to, was or is threatened to be made a party to or was or is otherwise involved in any capacity in by reason of Indemnitee s Corporate Status as a fiduciary capacity with respect to an employee benefit plan. In connection therewith, if the Indemnitee has acted in good faith and in a manner which appeared to be consistent with the best interests of the participants and beneficiaries of an employee benefit plan and not opposed thereto, the Indemnitee shall be deemed to have acted in a manner not opposed to the best interests of the Company. 
 
 4. Exceptions to Indemnification. The Indemnitee shall be entitled to indemnification under Section 3(a) and Section 3(b) hereof in all circumstances other than the following 
 
 (a) Exceptions to Indemnification for Third Party Proceedings. If indemnification is requested under Section 3(a) and there has been a final non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction that, in connection with the subject of the Proceeding out of which the claim for indemnification has arisen, (i) the Indemnitee failed to act (x) in good faith and (y) in a manner the Indemnitee deemed to be reasonable and consistent with the best interests of the Company and not opposed thereto or (ii) with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, the Indemnitee had reasonable cause to believe that the Indemnitee s conduct was unlawful, the Indemnitee shall not be entitled to payment of Indemnifiable Amounts hereunder. 
 
 (b) Exceptions to Indemnification in Derivative Actions and Direct Actions by the Company. If indemnification is requested under Section 3(b) and (i) there has been a final non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction that, in connection with the subject of the Proceeding out of which the claim for indemnification has arisen, the Indemnitee failed to act (x) in good faith and (y) in a manner the Indemnitee deemed to be reasonable and consistent with the best interests of the Company and not opposed thereto, the Indemnitee shall not be entitled to payment of Indemnifiable Expenses hereunder or (ii) there has been a final non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction that the Indemnitee is liable to the Company with respect to any claim, issue or matter involved in the Proceeding out of which the claim for indemnification has arisen, then no Indemnifiable Expenses shall be paid with respect to such claim, issue or matter unless, and only to the extent that, the court of competent jurisdiction in which such Proceeding was brought shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability, but in view of all the circumstances of the case, the Indemnitee is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such Indemnifiable Expenses which such court shall deem proper. 
 
 5. Procedure for Payment of Indemnifiable Amounts. 
 
 (a) Subject to Section 9, the Indemnitee shall submit to the Company a written request specifying in reasonable detail the Indemnifiable Amounts for which the Indemnitee seeks payment under Section 3, Section 6, or Section 7 hereof and a short description of the basis for the claim. The Company shall pay such Indemnifiable Amounts to the Indemnitee within sixty (60) calendar days of receipt of the request. At the request of the Company, the Indemnitee shall furnish such documentation and information as are reasonably available to the Indemnitee and necessary to establish that the Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification hereunder. 
 
 (b) Upon written request by the Indemnitee for indemnification pursuant to the first sentence of Section 5(a) hereof, if required by applicable law and to the extent not otherwise provided pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, a determination with respect to the Indemnitee s entitlement to indemnification shall be made in the specific case as follows (i) if a Change in Control shall have occurred and if so requested in writing by the Indemnitee, by Independent Counsel in a written opinion to the Board or (ii) if a Change in Control shall not have occurred (or if a Change in Control shall have occurred but the Indemnitee shall not have requested that indemnification be determined by Independent Counsel as provided in subpart (i) of this Section 5(b)), (A) by a majority vote of the disinterested directors, even though less than a quorum of the Board, or (B) by a committee of disinterested directors designated by majority vote of the disinterested directors, even though less than a quorum of the Board, (C) if there are no such disinterested directors, or if such disinterested directors so direct, by Independent Counsel in a written opinion to the Board, or (D) if a quorum of disinterested directors so directs, by the Company s stockholders in accordance with applicable law. Notice in writing of any determination as to the Indemnitee s entitlement to indemnification shall be delivered to the Indemnitee promptly after such determination is made, and if such determination of entitlement to indemnification has been made by Independent Counsel in a written opinion to the Board, then such notice shall be accompanied by a copy of such written opinion. If it is determined that the Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, then payment to the Indemnitee of all amounts to which the Indemnitee is determined to be entitled (other than sums that were already advanced) shall be made within sixty (60) calendar days after such determination. If it is determined that the Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification, then the written notice to the Indemnitee (or, if such determination has been made by Independent Counsel in a written opinion, the copy of such written opinion delivered to the Indemnitee) shall disclose the basis upon which such determination is based. The Indemnitee shall cooperate with the person, persons, or entity making the determination with respect to the Indemnitee s entitlement to indemnification, including providing to such person, persons, or entity upon reasonable advance request any documentation or information that is not privileged or otherwise protected from 
 4 

disclosure and that is reasonably available to the Indemnitee and reasonably necessary to determine whether and to what extent the Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification. 
 
 (c) If the determination of entitlement to indemnification is to be made by Independent Counsel pursuant to Section 5(b) hereof, the Independent Counsel shall be selected as provided in this Section 5(c). If a Change in Control shall not have occurred (or if a Change in Control shall have occurred but the Indemnitee shall not have requested that indemnification be determined by Independent Counsel as provided in subpart (i) of Section 5(b)), then the Independent Counsel shall be selected by the Board, and the Company shall give written notice to the Indemnitee advising the Indemnitee of the identity of the Independent Counsel so selected. If a Change in Control shall have occurred and the Indemnitee shall have requested that indemnification be determined by Independent Counsel, then the Independent Counsel shall be selected by the Indemnitee (unless the Indemnitee shall request that such selection be made by the Board, in which case the preceding sentence shall apply), and the Indemnitee shall give written notice to the Company advising it of the identity of the Independent Counsel so selected. In either case, the Indemnitee or the Company, as applicable, may, within thirty (30) calendar days after such written notice of selection has been given, deliver to the Company or to the Indemnitee, as the case may be, a written objection to such selection provided, however, that such objection may be asserted only on the ground that the law firm or person so selected does not meet the requirements of Independent Counsel as defined in Section 1 hereof, and the objection shall set forth the basis of such assertion. Absent a proper and timely objection, the person so selected shall act as Independent Counsel. If such written objection is so made and substantiated, the law firm or person so selected may not serve as Independent Counsel unless and until such objection is withdrawn or a court of competent jurisdiction in the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico has determined that such objection is without merit. If the determination of entitlement to indemnification is to be made by Independent Counsel pursuant to Section 5(b) hereof and, following the expiration of sixty (60) calendar days after submission by the Indemnitee of a written request for indemnification pursuant to Section 5(a) hereof, Independent Counsel shall not have been selected, or an objection thereto has been made and not withdrawn, then either the Company or the Indemnitee may petition a court of competent jurisdiction in the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico for resolution of any objection that shall have been made by the Company or the Indemnitee to the other s selection of Independent Counsel and or for appointment as Independent Counsel of a law firm or person selected by such court (or selected by such person as the court shall designate), and the law firm or person with respect to whom all objections are so resolved or the law firm or person so appointed shall act as Independent Counsel under Section 5(b) hereof. Upon the due commencement of any Proceeding pursuant to Section 11(e) hereof, Independent Counsel shall be discharged and relieved of any further responsibility in such capacity (subject to the applicable standards of professional conduct then prevailing). If the determination of entitlement to indemnification is to be made by Independent Counsel pursuant to Section 5(b) hereof, then the Company agrees to pay the reasonable fees and expenses of such Independent Counsel and to fully indemnify and hold harmless such Independent Counsel against any and all expenses, claims, liabilities, and damages arising out of or relating to this Agreement or its engagement pursuant hereto. 
 
 6. Indemnification for Expenses if the Indemnitee is Wholly or Partly Successful. Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, to the extent that the Indemnitee is or was, or is or was threatened to be made, by reason of the Indemnitee s Corporate Status, a party to any Proceeding and the Indemnitee is successful (on the merits or otherwise) in defending all claims, issues and matters in such Proceeding, the Indemnitee shall be indemnified against all Indemnifiable Expenses incurred by the Indemnitee or on the Indemnitee s behalf in connection with the defense of such Proceeding. If the Indemnitee is successful (on the merits or otherwise) in defending one or more but less than all claims, issues or matters in such Proceeding, the Company shall indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate the Indemnitee for that portion of the Expenses reasonably incurred in connection with defending those claims, issues or matters with respect to which the Indemnitee was successful in defending. For purposes of this Agreement, the termination of any claim, issue or matter in such a Proceeding by dismissal, with or without prejudice, shall be deemed to be a successful result as to such claim, issue or matter. Notwithstanding any of the foregoing, nothing herein shall be construed to limit the Indemnitee s right to indemnification which he or she would otherwise be entitled to in accordance with Section 3 and Section 4 hereof, regardless of the Indemnitee s success in a Proceeding. 
 
 7. Indemnification for Expenses as a Witness. Anything in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, to the extent that the Indemnitee, by reason of the Indemnitee s Corporate Status, is or was, or is or was threatened to be made, a witness in any Proceeding to which the Indemnitee is not a party, the Indemnitee shall be indemnified against all Indemnifiable Expenses incurred by the Indemnitee or on the Indemnitee s behalf in connection therewith. To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Indemnitee shall be entitled to indemnification for Expenses incurred in connection with being or threatened to be made a witness, as provided in this Section 7, regardless of whether the Indemnitee met the standards of conduct set forth in Sections 4(a) and 4(b) hereof. 
 
 8. Agreement to Advance Expenses Conditions. The Company shall pay to the Indemnitee all Indemnifiable Expenses incurred by or on behalf of the Indemnitee in connection with any Proceeding to which the Indemnitee was or is a party or was or is otherwise involved or was or is threatened to be made a party to or was or is otherwise involved in any capacity in any Proceeding by reason of the Indemnitee s Corporate Status, including a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company, in advance of the final disposition of such Proceeding. The Indemnitee hereby undertakes to repay the 
 5 

amount of Indemnifiable Expenses paid to the Indemnitee if it shall ultimately be determined by final judicial decision of a court of competent jurisdiction, from which decision there is no further right to appeal, that the Indemnitee is not entitled under this Agreement to, or is prohibited by applicable law from, indemnification with respect to such Indemnifiable Expenses. Any advances and undertakings to repay pursuant to this Section 8 shall be unsecured and interest free. Subject to the second sentence of this Section 8, the Indemnitee shall be entitled to advancement of Indemnifiable Expenses as provided in this Section 8 prior to the final resolution of any Proceeding and determination by or on behalf of the Company of whether the Indemnitee has not met the standards of conduct set forth in Sections 4(a) and 4(b) hereof. 
 
 9. Procedure for Advance Payment of Expenses. The Indemnitee shall submit to the Company a written request specifying in reasonable detail the Indemnifiable Expenses for which the Indemnitee seeks an advancement under Section 8 hereof, together with documentation reasonably evidencing that the Indemnitee has incurred such Indemnifiable Expenses. Payment of Indemnifiable Expenses under Section 8 hereof shall be made no later than sixty (60) calendar days after the Company s receipt of such request. 
 
 10. Burden of Proof Defenses and Presumptions. 
 
 (a) In any Proceeding pursuant to Section 11 hereof brought by the Indemnitee to enforce rights to indemnification or to an advancement of Indemnifiable Expenses hereunder, or in any Proceeding brought by the Company to recover an advancement of Indemnifiable Expenses (whether pursuant to the terms of an undertaking or otherwise), the burden shall be on the Company to prove that the Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified, or to such an advancement of Indemnifiable Expenses, as the case may be. 
 
 (b) It shall be a defense in any Proceeding pursuant to Section 11 hereof to enforce rights to indemnification under Section 3(a) or Section 3(b) hereof (but not in any Proceeding pursuant to Section 11 hereof to enforce a right to an advancement of Indemnifiable Expenses under Sections 8 and 9 hereof) that the Indemnitee has not met the standards of conduct set forth in Section 4(a) or Section 4(b) hereof, as the case may be, but the burden of proving such defense shall be on the Company. With respect to any Proceeding pursuant to Section 11 hereof brought by the Indemnitee to enforce a right to indemnification hereunder, or any Proceeding brought by the Company to recover an advancement of Indemnifiable Expenses (whether pursuant to the terms of an undertaking or otherwise), neither (i) the failure of the Company (including by its directors or Independent Counsel) to have made a determination prior to the commencement of such Proceeding that indemnification is proper in the circumstances because the Indemnitee has met the applicable standards of conduct, nor (ii) an actual determination by the Company (including by its directors or Independent Counsel) that the Indemnitee has not met such applicable standards of conduct, shall create a presumption that the Indemnitee has not met the applicable standards of conduct or, in the case of a Proceeding pursuant to Section 11 hereof brought by the Indemnitee seeking to enforce a right to indemnification, be a defense to such Proceeding. 
 
 (c) The termination of any Proceeding by judgment, order, settlement, conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not, in and of itself, adversely affect the right of the Indemnitee to indemnification hereunder or create a presumption that the Indemnitee did not act in good faith and in a manner the Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company, and, with respect to any criminal Proceeding, shall not create a presumption that the Indemnitee had reasonable cause to believe that his or her conduct was unlawful. 
 
 (d) For purposes of any determination of good faith, the Indemnitee shall be deemed to have acted in good faith if the Indemnitee s action is reasonably based on the records or books of account of the Company or other Entity, including financial statements, or on information supplied to the Indemnitee by the officers of the Company or other Entity in the course of their duties, or on the advice of legal counsel for the Company or other Entity or on information or records given or reports made to the Company or other Entity by an independent certified public accountant or by an appraiser or other expert selected by the Company or other Entity. The provisions of this Section 10(d) shall not be deemed to be exclusive or to limit in any way the other circumstances in which the Indemnitee may be deemed or found to have met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in this Agreement. 
 
 (e) The knowledge and or actions, or failure to act, of any other director, officer, agent, or employee of the Company or of another Entity shall not be imputed to the Indemnitee for purposes of determining the Indemnitee s right to indemnification or advancement of Indemnifiable Expenses under this Agreement. 
 
 11. Remedies of the Indemnitees. 
 
 (a) Right to Petition Court. In the event that the Indemnitee makes a request for payment of Indemnifiable Amounts under Section 3 or Section 5 hereof or a request for an advancement of Indemnifiable Expenses under Sections 8 or 9 hereof and the Company fails to make such payment or advancement in a timely manner in accordance with the 
 6 

terms of this Agreement, the Indemnitee may petition a court to enforce the Company s obligations under this Agreement. 
 
 (b) Expenses. The Company agrees to reimburse the Indemnitee in full for any Expenses actually incurred in a reasonable manner by the Indemnitee in connection with investigating, preparing for, litigating, defending or settling any action brought by the Indemnitee under Section 11(a) hereof provided, however, that to the extent the Indemnitee is unsuccessful on the merits in such action then the Company shall have no obligation to reimburse the Indemnitee under this Section 11(b). 
 
 (c) Validity of Agreement. The Company shall be precluded from asserting in any Proceeding, including, without limitation, an action under Section 11(a) hereof, that the provisions of this Agreement are not valid, binding and enforceable or that there is insufficient consideration for this Agreement and shall stipulate in court that the Company is bound by all the provisions of this Agreement. 
 
 (d) Failure to Act Not a Defense. The failure of the Company (including its Board or any committee thereof, Independent Counsel, or stockholders) to make a determination concerning the permissibility of the payment of Indemnifiable Amounts or the advancement of Indemnifiable Expenses under this Agreement shall not be a defense in any action brought under Section 11(a) hereof, and shall not create a presumption that such payment or advancement is not permissible. 
 
 (e) Entitlement to Indemnification Independent Counsel. In the event that (i) a determination is made pursuant to Section 5 hereof that the Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification under this Agreement, (ii) if the determination of entitlement to indemnification is not to be made by Independent Counsel pursuant to Section 5(b) hereof, no determination of entitlement to indemnification shall have been made pursuant to Section 5(b) hereof within sixty (60) calendar days after receipt by the Company of the Indemnitee s written request for indemnification, (iii) if the determination of entitlement to indemnification is to be made by Independent Counsel pursuant to Section 5(b) hereof, no determination of entitlement to indemnification shall have been made pursuant to Section 5(b) hereof within (A) eighty (80) calendar days after receipt by the Company of the Indemnitee s written request for indemnification or (B) if an objection to the selection of such Independent Counsel has been made and substantiated and not withdrawn, seventy (70) calendar days after a court of competent jurisdiction in the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico (or such person appointed by such court to make such determination) has determined or appointed the person to act as Independent Counsel pursuant to Section 5(b) hereof, (iv) payment of Indemnified Amounts payable pursuant to Section 6 or Section 7 hereof is not made within sixty (60) calendar days after receipt by the Company of a written request therefor, or (v) payment of Indemnified Amounts payable pursuant to Section 6 or Section 7 hereof is not made within sixty (60) calendar days after a determination has been made pursuant to Section 5(b) hereof that the Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, then in each instance described in clauses (i) through (v), the Indemnitee shall be entitled to seek an adjudication by a court of competent jurisdiction in the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico of the Indemnitee s entitlement to such indemnification or advancement of Indemnifiable Expenses. 
 
 (f) Not Prejudiced by Adverse Determination. In the event that a determination shall have been made pursuant to Section 5(b) hereof that the Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification, any Proceeding commenced pursuant to this Section 11 shall be conducted in all respects as a de novo trial, or arbitration, on the merits and the Indemnitee shall not be prejudiced by reason of that adverse determination. 
 
 12. Settlement of Proceedings. 
 
 (a) The Indemnitee agrees that it will not settle, compromise or consent to the entry of any judgment as to the Indemnitee in any pending or threatened Proceeding (whether or not the Indemnitee is an actual or potential party to such Proceeding) in which Indemnitee has sought indemnification hereunder without the Company s prior written consent, which consent will not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed unless such settlement, compromise or consent respecting such Proceeding includes an unconditional release of the Company and does not (i) require or impose any injunctive or other non-monetary remedy on the Company or its affiliates, (ii) require or impose an admission or consent as to any wrongdoing by the Company or its affiliates, or (iii) otherwise result in a direct or indirect payment by or monetary cost to the Company or its affiliates. 
 
 (b) The Company agrees that it will not settle, compromise or consent to the entry of any judgment as to the Indemnitee in any pending or threatened Proceeding (whether or not the Indemnitee is an actual or potential party to such Proceeding) in which the Indemnitee has sought indemnification hereunder without the Indemnitee s prior written consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed unless such settlement, compromise or consent includes an unconditional release of the Indemnitee and does not (i) require or impose any injunctive or other non-monetary remedy on the Indemnitee, (ii) require or impose an admission or consent as to any wrongdoing by the Indemnitee or (iii) otherwise result in a direct or indirect payment by or monetary cost to the Indemnitee personally (as opposed to a payment to be made or cost to be paid by the Company on the Indemnitee s behalf). 
 7 

13. Notice by the Indemnitee. The Indemnitee agrees to notify the Company promptly upon being served with any summons, citation, subpoena, complaint, indictment, information, or other document relating to any Proceeding which could reasonably be expected to result in the payment of Indemnifiable Amounts or the advancement of Indemnifiable Expenses hereunder provided, however, that the failure to give any such notice shall not disqualify the Indemnitee from the right to receive payments of Indemnifiable Amounts or advancements of Indemnifiable Expenses. 
 
 14. Representations and Warranties of the Company. The Company hereby represents and warrants to the Indemnitee as follows 
 
 (a) Authority. The Company has all necessary power and authority to enter into, and be bound by the terms of, this Agreement, and the execution, delivery and performance of the undertakings contemplated by this Agreement have been duly authorized by the Company. 
 
 (b) Enforceability. This Agreement, when executed and delivered by the Company in accordance with the provisions hereof, shall be a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, moratorium, reorganization or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally. 
 
 (c) No Conflicts. This Agreement, when executed and delivered by the Company in accordance with the provisions hereof, does not, and the Company s performance of its obligations under the Agreement will not, violate the Company s certificate of incorporation, bylaws, other agreements to which the Company is a party to or applicable law. 
 
 (d) Insurance. The Company shall, if commercially reasonable, obtain and maintain a policy or policies of insurance with reputable insurance companies providing the Company s directors and officers with coverage for losses from wrongful acts, or to ensure the Company s performance of its indemnification obligations under this Agreement. The Company shall use its best efforts to cause the Indemnitee, at the Company s expense, to be covered by such insurance policies or policies providing liability insurance for directors or officers of the Company or of any Subsidiary, if any, in accordance with its or their terms to the same extent as provided to any then-current director or officer of the Company or any Subsidiary under such policy or policies. 
 
 15. Contract Rights Not Exclusive Subrogation. The rights to payment of Indemnifiable Amounts and advancement of Indemnifiable Expenses provided by this Agreement shall be in addition to, but not exclusive of, any other rights that the Indemnitee may have at any time under applicable law, the Company s bylaws or certificate of incorporation, or any other agreement, vote of stockholders or directors (or a committee of directors), or otherwise, both as to action in the Indemnitee s official capacity and as to action in any other capacity as a result of the Indemnitee s serving in a Corporate Status. No right or remedy herein conferred is intended to be exclusive of any other right or remedy, and every other right and remedy shall be cumulative and in addition to every other right and remedy, given hereunder or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity or otherwise. The assertion or employment of any right or remedy hereunder, or otherwise, shall not prevent the concurrent assertion or employment of any other right or remedy. In the event of any payment to or on behalf of the Indemnitee under this Agreement, the Company shall be subrogated to the extent of such payment to all of the rights of recovery of the Indemnitee, who shall execute all papers required and take all action necessary to secure such rights, including execution of such documents as are necessary to enable the Company to bring suit to enforce such rights. 
 
 16. Successors. This Agreement (a) shall be binding upon all successors and assigns of the Company (including any transferee of all or a substantial portion of the business, stock and or assets of the Company and any direct or indirect successor by merger or consolidation or otherwise by operation of law) and (b) shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, personal representatives, executors and administrators of the Indemnitee. This Agreement shall continue for the benefit of the Indemnitee and such heirs, personal representatives, executors and administrators after the Indemnitee has ceased to have Corporate Status. 
 
 17. Change in Law. To the extent that a change in Puerto Rico law (whether by statute or judicial decision) shall permit broader indemnification or advancement of expenses than is provided under the terms of the bylaws of the Company and this Agreement, the Indemnitee shall be entitled to such broader indemnification and advancements, and this Agreement shall be deemed to be amended to such extent, but only to the extent such amendment permits the Indemnitee to broader indemnification and advancement rights other than Puerto Rico law permitted prior to the adoption of such amendment. 
 
 18. Severability. Whenever possible, each provision of this Agreement shall be interpreted in such a manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law, but if any provision of this Agreement, or any clause thereof, shall be determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, in whole or in part, such provision or clause shall be limited or modified in its application to the minimum extent necessary to make such provision or 
 8 

clause valid, legal and enforceable, and the remaining provisions and clauses of this Agreement shall remain fully enforceable and binding on the parties. 
 
 19. Modifications and Waiver. Except as provided in Section 17 hereof with respect to changes in Puerto Rico law which broaden the right of the Indemnitee to be indemnified by the Company, no supplement, modification or amendment of this Agreement shall be binding unless executed in writing by each of the parties hereto. No waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed or shall constitute a waiver of any other provisions of this Agreement (whether or not similar), nor shall such waiver constitute a continuing waiver. No failure or delay of any party in exercising any right or remedy hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, and no single or partial exercise of any such right or power, or any abandonment or discontinuance of steps to enforce such right or power, or any course of conduct, shall preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right or power. 
 
 20. General Notices. All notices, requests, demands and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given (a) when delivered by hand, (b) when transmitted by facsimile and receipt is acknowledged, or (c) if mailed by certified or registered mail with postage prepaid, on the third business day after the date on which it is so mailed 
 
 If to the Indemnitee, to the address specified by the Indemnitee, from time to time. 
 
 If to the Company, to 
 Evertec, Inc. 
 Road 176, Kilometer 1.3 Cupey 
 San Juan, Puerto Rico 00926 
 Attention General Counsel 
 
 or to such other address as may have been furnished in the same manner by any party to the others. 
 
 21. Contribution. To the fullest extent permissible under applicable law, if the indemnification provided for in this Agreement is unavailable to Indemnitee for any reason whatsoever other than any of those set forth in Section 4 hereof, the Company, in lieu of indemnifying Indemnitee, shall contribute to the amount incurred by Indemnitee, whether for judgments, fines, penalties, excise taxes, amounts paid or to be paid in settlement and or for Expenses, in connection with any claim relating to an indemnifiable event under this Agreement, in such proportion as is deemed fair and reasonable in light of all of the circumstances of such Proceeding in order to reflect (i) the relative benefits received by the Company and Indemnitee as a result of the event(s) and or transaction(s) giving cause to such Proceeding and or (ii) the relative fault of the Company (and its directors, officers, employees and agents) and Indemnitee in connection with such event(s) and or transaction(s). 
 
 22. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be exclusively governed by and construed and enforced under the laws of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico without giving effect to the provisions thereof relating to conflicts of law of such state. 
 
 23. Consent to Jurisdiction. 
 
 (a) Each of the Company and the Indemnitee hereby irrevocably and unconditionally (i) agrees and consents to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the state and federal courts of the State of Delaware and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico (each, a Chosen Court for all purposes in connection with any action, suit, or proceeding that arises out of or relates to this Agreement and agrees that any such action instituted under this Agreement shall be brought only in one of the Chosen Courts (ii) consents to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Chosen Courts for purposes of any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement (iii) waives any objection to the laying of venue of any such action or proceeding in any of the Chosen Courts and (iv) waives, and agrees not to plead or to make, any claim that any such action or proceeding brought in any of the Chosen Courts has been brought in an improper or otherwise inconvenient forum. 
 
 (b) Each of the Company and the Indemnitee hereby consents to service of any summons and complaint and any other process that may be served in any action, suit, or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement in any of the Chosen Courts by mailing by certified or registered mail, with postage prepaid, copies of such process to such party at its address for receiving notice pursuant to Section 20 hereof. Nothing herein shall preclude service of process by any other means permitted by applicable law. 
 
 24. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts (including by PDF or facsimile), each of which shall for all purposes be deemed to be an original but all of which together shall constitute but one and the same Agreement. Only one such counterpart need be produced to evidence the existence of this Agreement. 
 
 25. Headings. The headings of the sections of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not be deemed to constitute part of this Agreement or to affect the construction hereof. 
 9 

26. Effective Date. The provisions of this Agreement shall cover claims, actions, suits or proceedings whether now pending or hereafter commenced and shall be retroactive to cover acts or omissions or alleged acts or omissions which have taken place between the date when the Indemnitee was duly elected or appointed as a director or officer of the Company and the Effective Date of this Agreement. 
 
 27. Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous agreements, understandings and negotiations, written and oral, between the parties with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement, provided, however, that this Agreement is supplement to and in furtherance of the Company s certificate of incorporation, bylaws, the General Corporations Law and any other applicable law, and shall not be deemed a substitute therefor, and does not diminish or abrogate any rights of the Indemnitee thereunder. 
 
 SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS 

10 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the Effective Date. 
 
 EVERTEC, INC. 

______________________________________ 
 Morgan M. Schuessler 
 President & Chief Executive Officer 
 INDEMNITEE 

______________________________________ 
 
 Director 

11 

</EX-10.17>

<EX-10.25>
 4
 ex102512312022.htm
 EX-10.25

Document 

EXHIBIT 10.25 
 
 EVERTEC, INC. 
 2022 INCENTIVE AWARD PLAN 
 RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT - EXECUTIVES 
 
 THIS RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT (together with the Vesting Schedule (defined below), this Agreement is made as of this 5 th day of August, 2022 (the Date of Grant ), by and between EVERTEC, Inc. (the Company and you (the Participant ). Defined terms used but not otherwise defined herein will have the meanings attributed to them in the Plan (defined below). 
 
 W I T N E S S E T H 
 
 WHEREAS , the Company maintains the EVERTEC, Inc. 2022 Incentive Award Plan (the Plan and 
 
 WHEREAS , the Participant may be a senior executive of the Company who is subject to the Evertec Group, LLC Executive Severance Policy in effect as of the date of this Agreement (if applicable, the Policy ), which Policy has been approved and authorized by the Compensation Committee or the Board of Directors of the Company and 
 
 WHEREAS , the Participant may be a senior executive of the Company who has a valid employment agreement as of the date hereof that has been approved and authorized by the Compensation Committee or the Board of Directors of the Company (if applicable, the Executive Employment Agreement and 
 
 WHEREAS , in connection with the Participant s service as an employee of the Company or any of its Affiliates and Subsidiaries (the Employment ), the Company desires to grant Restricted Stock Units RSUs to the Participant (the Award ), subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Agreement and 
 
 WHEREAS , such RSUs could be time-based RSUs Time-Based RSUs ), which vest on a future specified date or dates, as specified in Exhibit A and 
 
 WHEREAS , such RSUs could also be performance-based RSUs Performance-Based RSUs ), which vest on a future specified date or dates and are subject to certain performance metrics, as specified in Exhibit A . 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE , in consideration of the covenants and agreements contained herein and for other good and valuable consideration, the parties agree as follows 
 
 1. Grant of RSUs . In consideration of the Employment, the Company will grant to the Participant the number of RSUs set forth in the vesting schedule attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Vesting Schedule ). Each RSU represents the unfunded and unsecured promise of the Company to deliver to the Participant one share of common stock, par value .01 per share, of the Company (the Common Stock on the Settlement Date (as defined in Section 6 hereof). 
 
 2. Purchase Price . The purchase price of the RSUs shall be deemed to be zero U.S. Dollars 0) per share. 
 
 3. Vesting . The RSUs shall vest and become non-forfeitable on the dates established in the Vesting Schedule (each such date, a Vesting Date ), provided that the Participant is actively carrying out his or her duties in connection with the Employment at all times from the Date of Grant through each respective Vesting Date. 
 
 4. Termination . For purposes of this Section 4, Termination Date is the date the Participant s Employment is terminated or terminates. This Section 4 shall govern the treatment of the RSUs granted under this Agreement upon the Participant s termination of Employment provided, however, that if the Participant s Executive Employment Agreement addresses the treatment of RSUs upon termination, then the provisions of such Executive Employment Agreement shall govern instead of this Section 4. Defined terms used but not otherwise defined in this Section 4 or in the Plan will have the meanings attributed to them in the Policy. 
 (a) In the event that the Employment is terminated in a Qualifying Termination (as defined in the Policy) other than within 24 months following a Change in Control (as defined in the Policy), then 

(i) Unvested RSUs that are Time-Based shall vest on a pro-rata basis as of the Termination Date and the Termination Date shall be deemed to be the Vesting Date under this Agreement and 
 (ii) Unvested RSUs that are Performance-Based, shall vest and be settled following the end of the performance period based on actual performance determined at the end of the performance period on a pro-rata basis. 
 (iii) For purposes of clauses 4(a)(i) and (ii), the pro-rata portion of the award that will become vested shall be determined by multiplying the total number of RSUs subject to the award, by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of completed months in which the Participant was employed from the Date of Grant to the Termination Date, and the denominator of which is the number of months required for the award to vest in full under the Vesting Schedule, and then reducing therefrom the number of RSUs that have previously been vested, if any. 
 (b) In the event that the Employment is terminated in a Qualifying Termination within 24 months following a Change in Control, then, subject to the Participant s compliance with Section 11 
 (i) Unvested RSUs that are Time-based shall become fully vested and the Termination Date shall be deemed to be the Vesting Date under this Agreement and 
 (ii) Unvested RSUs that are Performance-based, shall become fully vested upon the Qualifying Termination (x) based on actual level of performance achieved as of the Change in Control (to the extent the performance period with respect to the relevant goal was completed as of the Change in Control date) and (y) at the target level of performance (to the extent the performance period with respect to the relevant goal was not complete as of the Change in Control date) and the Termination Date shall be deemed to be the Vesting Date under this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, it is understood that there may be circumstances where a component of an unearned performance award is valued based on actual performance and a separate component is valued based on target performance. The Company, in its sole discretion, shall determine the number of RSUs that vest pursuant to this provision, if any. 
 (c) For the avoidance of doubt, in no event shall the Participant become entitled to accelerated vesting of the Participant s RSUs under both Sections 4(a) and 4(b). 
 (d) In the event of the Employment s termination due to Participant s death or Disability (defined below), then as of the Termination Date all of the unvested Time-Based RSUs shall become fully vested and all unvested Performance-Based RSUs shall become fully vested (x) based on actual level of performance achieved as of the Termination Date (to the extent the performance period with respect to the relevant goal was completed as of the Termination Date) and (y) at the target level of performance (to the extent the performance period with respect to the relevant goal was not complete as of the Termination Date). For the avoidance of doubt, it is understood that there may be circumstances where a component of an unearned performance award(s) is valued based on actual performance and a separate component is valued based on target performance. 
 Disability has the following meaning the Participant s inability to perform the Employment by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment for a period of 6 months or more in any 12 month period. 
 (e) In the event the Employment is terminated or terminates other than in a Qualifying Termination, all of the RSUs (both Time-Based and Performance-Based) that have not become vested as of the Termination Date shall automatically be forfeited as of the Termination Date. 
 (f) Release Requirement. As a condition to the acceleration of vesting (or the continued vesting post-termination of Performance-based RSUs based on the achievement of Company business performance) pursuant to Section 4(a), (b) or (d) of this Agreement, the Participant, if legally capable at such time, or his estate, beneficiaries or legal representatives, if Participant is deceased or legally incapable at such time, shall be obligated to execute a separation agreement and general release of all claims in favor of the Company, their current and former affiliates, subsidiaries and 
 2 

stockholders, and their current and former directors, officers, employees, insurers and agents, in a form reasonably determined by the Company provided, however, that, if such release is not executed within the time required by the Company, or is revoked within 7 days of execution, the Company shall not have any obligation to provide the benefits under Section 4(a), (b) or (d) under this Agreement. 
 5. Dividend Equivalents . If the Company pays an ordinary cash dividend on its outstanding Common Stock at any time between the Date of Grant and the Settlement Date (as defined in Section 6 below) -- provided that the date on which stockholders of record are determined for purposes of paying a cash dividend on issued and outstanding shares of the Common Stock falls after the Date of Grant -- the Participant shall receive on the Settlement Date or at the next payroll payment (but in no event more than 75 days after the Vesting Date) either (a) a number of Shares (as defined in Section 6 below) having a Fair Market Value (as defined below) on the Vesting Date equal to the aggregate amount of the cash dividends paid by the Company on a single share of the Common Stock, multiplied by the number of RSUs that are settled on the Settlement Date or (b) a lump sum cash payment equal to the aggregate amount of the cash dividends paid by the Company on a single share of the Common Stock, multiplied by the number of RSUs that are settled on the Settlement Date ((a) or (b) as applicable, the Dividend Payment provided, however, that in the case of (a), any partial Share resulting from the calculation will be paid in cash. 
 
 For purposes of this Agreement, Fair Market Value means the closing price of the Company s Common Stock at the close of business of the applicable date. 
 
 6. Settlement . Within 75 days following the day any RSUs are vested in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement (the Settlement Date ), the Company shall (a) issue and deliver to the Participant one share of Common Stock for each vested RSU (the Shares and enter the Participant s name as a shareholder of record or beneficial owner with respect to the Shares on the books of the Company and (b) calculate the Dividend Payment. The Participant agrees that the Company may deduct from the Dividend Payment any amounts owed by the Participant to the Company with respect to any whole Share issued by the Company to the Participant to cover any partial Share resulting from the settlement process. 
 
 7. Restrictive Covenants . The Participant hereby acknowledges that he or she is subject to all of the requirements and conditions in his or her Executive Employment Agreement or in the Restatement of Confidentiality and Non-Compete Agreements, as applicable, (the Covenant Agreements previously executed by him or her and that he or she will continue to comply with such Covenant Agreements. Furthermore, the Participant acknowledges that the RSUs granted hereunder serve as sufficient consideration for the reaffirmation of the Covenant Agreements contained herein. 
 
 8. Taxes . Unless otherwise required by applicable law, on the Settlement Date, (a) the Shares and the Dividend Payment will be considered ordinary income for tax purposes and subject to all applicable payroll taxes (b) the Company shall report such income to the appropriate taxing authorities as it determines to be necessary and appropriate (c) the Participant shall be responsible for payment of any taxes due in respect of the Shares and the Dividend Payment and (d) the Company shall withhold taxes in respect of the Shares and the Dividend Payment (a Tax Payment ). In order to satisfy the Participant s obligation to pay the Tax Payment, the Company will withhold from any Shares otherwise to be delivered to the Participant, a number of whole shares of Common Stock having a Fair Market Value equal to the Tax Payment (i.e., a cashless exercise provided, however, that the Participant may elect to satisfy his or her obligation to pay the Tax Payment through a non-cashless exercise, by notifying the Company within at least 5 business days before the Settlement Date. If the Participant does not provide such notification within the established timeframe, the Company will proceed with the default method of the cashless exercise. If the Participant fails to pay any required Tax Payment, the Company may, in its discretion, deduct any Tax Payments from any amount then or thereafter payable by the Company to the Participant and take such other action as deemed necessary to satisfy all obligations for the Tax Payment (including reducing the number of Shares delivered on the Settlement Date). The Participant agrees to pay the Company in the form of a check or cashier s check any overage of the Tax Payment paid by the Company as a result of making whole any partial Share issued through a cashless exercise. Furthermore, the Participant acknowledges and agrees that the Participant will be solely responsible for making any Tax Payment directly to the appropriate taxing authorities should the Participant opt not to satisfy his or her Tax Payment through a cashless exercise. 
 
 9. Rights as Stockholder . Upon and following the Settlement Date (but not before), the Participant shall be the record or beneficial owner of the Shares unless and until such Shares are sold or otherwise disposed 
 3 

of, and, if a record owner, shall be entitled to all rights of a stockholder of the Company (including voting rights). 
 
 10. Section 409A . Although the Company does not guarantee the tax treatment of any payments under this Agreement, the intent of the Company is that the payments under this Agreement be exempt from Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and all Treasury Regulations and guidance promulgated thereunder Code Section 409A under the short-term deferral exception and to the maximum extent permitted the Agreement shall be limited, construed and interpreted in accordance with such intent. The Company intends that the performance conditions applicable to the Performance-Based RSUs relate to the Company s business activities and or organizational goals within the meaning of Treas. Reg. 1.409A-1(d)(1). In no event whatsoever shall the Company or its affiliates or their respective officers, directors, employees or agents be liable for any additional tax, interest or penalties that may be imposed on the Participant by Code Section 409A or damages for failing to comply with Code Section 409A. Notwithstanding the foregoing or any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, if at the time of the Participant s separation from service (as defined in Code Section 409A), the Participant is a Specified Employee, then the Company will defer the payment or commencement of any nonqualified deferred compensation subject to Code Section 409A payable upon separation from service (without any reduction in such payments or benefits ultimately paid or provided to the Participant) until the date that is 6 months following separation from service or, if earlier, the earliest other date as is permitted under Code Section 409A (and any amounts that otherwise would have been paid during this deferral period will be paid in a lump sum on the day after the expiration of the 6 month period or such shorter period, if applicable). The Participant will be a Specified Employee for purposes of this Agreement if, on the date of the Participant s separation from service, the Participant is an individual who is, under the method of determination adopted by the Company designated as, or within the category of employees deemed to be, a Specified Employee within the meaning and in accordance with Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(i). The Company shall determine in its sole discretion all matters relating to who is a Specified Employee and the application of and effects of the change in such determination. 
 
 11. Governing Law . This Agreement shall be construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico applicable to contracts to be performed therein. 
 
 12. Notice . Every notice or other communication relating to this Agreement shall be made in writing and the notice, request or other communication shall be deemed to be received upon receipt by the party entitled thereto. Any notice, request or other communication by the Participant should be delivered to the Company s Chief Legal Officer. 
 
 13. Miscellaneous . This Agreement, the Plan and the Covenant Agreements contain the entire agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter contained herein and supersede all prior communications, representations and negotiations in respect thereto. No change, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement shall be valid unless in writing and signed by the parties hereto. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of any successor or successors of the Company and any person or persons who shall, upon the death of the Participant, acquire any rights hereunder in accordance with this Agreement or the Plan. The terms and provisions of the Plan and the Vesting Schedule are incorporated herein by reference, and the Participant hereby acknowledges receiving a copy of the Plan. In the event of a conflict or inconsistency between the terms and provisions of the Plan and the provisions of this Agreement, the Plan shall govern and control. 
 
 By clicking I Accept in the checkbox below, the Participant is hereby agreeing to the terms and conditions of this Agreement as of the Date of Grant set forth above, and that he or she has read the same, including the Vesting Schedule. 

4 

Exhibit A Vesting Schedule 
 
 Grant and Vesting of Time-Based RSUs Number of Time-Based RSUs to vest Vesting Date _ February 25, 2023 _ February 25, 2024 _ February 25, 2025 
 
 5 

</EX-10.25>

<EX-21.1>
 5
 ex21112312022.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 21.1 

Subsidiaries of EVERTEC, Inc. 
 
 Name Jurisdiction of Incorporation EVERTEC Intermediate Holdings, LLC Puerto Rico EVERTEC Group, LLC Puerto Rico EVERTEC Guatemala, S.A. Guatemala EVERTEC Panam , S.A. Panama EVERTEC Dominicana, SAS Dominican Republic EVERTEC Costa Rica, S.A. Costa Rica Evertec Colombia, SAS Colombia EVERTEC USA, LLC Delaware OPG Technology Corp. Puerto Rico BBR SpA Chile BBR Per S.A.C. Peru EVERTEC M xico Servicios de Procesamiento, S.A. de C.V. Mexico Evertec PlacetoPay, S.A.S. Colombia Evertec Chile Holdings SpA Chile Evertec Chile SpA Chile Paytrue S.A. Uruguay Caleid n S.A. Uruguay Evertec Brasil Solutions Inform tica Ltda. Brazil Evertec Chile Servicios Profesionales SpA Chile Evertec Chile Global SpA Chile Tecnopago Espa a SL Spain 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 6
 ex23112312022.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement No. 333- 190381 on Form S-8 and Registration Statement No. 333-255756 on Form S-3ASR of our reports dated February 24, 2023 relating to the consolidated financial statements of EVERTEC, Inc. and the effectiveness of EVERTEC, Inc. s internal control over financial reporting, appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of EVERTEC, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 s Deloitte & Touche LLP 
 San Juan, Puerto Rico 
 February 24, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 ex31112312022.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) 
 I, Morgan M. Schuessler, Jr., certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of EVERTEC. Inc 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date February 24, 2023 s Morgan M. Schuessler, Jr. Morgan M. Schuessler, Jr. Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 ex31212312022.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) 
 I, Joaquin A. Castrillo-Salgado, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of EVERTEC, Inc 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 24, 2023 s Joaquin A. Castrillo-Salgado Joaquin A. Castrillo-Salgado Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 ex32112312022.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
 As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned officer of EVERTEC, Inc. (the Company ), does hereby certify, to such officer s knowledge, that 
 The Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Form 10-K of the Company fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date February 24, 2023 s Morgan M. Schuessler, Jr. Morgan M. Schuessler, Jr. Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 10
 ex32212312022.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 
 As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned officer of EVERTEC, Inc. (the Company ), does hereby certify, to such officer s knowledge, that 
 The Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Form 10-K of the Company fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date February 24, 2023 s Joaquin A. Castrillo-Salgado Joaquin A. Castrillo-Salgado Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 evtc-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 evtc-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 evtc-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 evtc-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 evtc-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

