<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230324_10-K_edgar_data_1842386_0001213900-23-022828.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3632801</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>385186</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>753836</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>718545</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>896653</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>788141</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-022828.hdr.sgml : 20230324
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230324164528
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-022828
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		51
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230324
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230324

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Vector Acquisition Corp II
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001842386
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40188
		FILM NUMBER:		23760459

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O VECTOR ACQUISITION PARTNERS
		STREET 2:		ONE MARKET STREET, 23RD FLOOR
		CITY:			SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94105
		BUSINESS PHONE:		415-293-5000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O VECTOR ACQUISITION PARTNERS
		STREET 2:		ONE MARKET STREET, 23RD FLOOR
		CITY:			SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94105

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-022828.txt : 20230324

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_vectoracq2.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from
 to 

Vector Acquisition
Corporation II 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (Commission File Number) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

Not Applicable 
 (Former name or former address, if changed since last report) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on Which Registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer,
as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports
pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically,
if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or
for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions
of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging
growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on
and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section
404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report.

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as
defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

The aggregate market value of the registrant s ordinary shares
outstanding, other than the shares held by persons who may be deemed affiliates of the registrant, computed by reference to the closing
sales price for the ordinary shares on June 30, 2022, as reported on the Nasdaq, was (based on the closing sales price of
the Class A ordinary shares on June 30, 2022 of 9.81). 

As of March 23, 2023, there were Class A ordinary shares,
par value 0.0001, issued and outstanding. 

Documents Incorporated by Reference : None . 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS AND RISK FACTOR SUMMARY 
 iii 

PART I 
 1 

ITEM 1. 
 BUSINESS 
 1 
 
 ITEM 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 
 21 
 
 ITEM 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 51 
 
 ITEM 2. 
 PROPERTIES 
 51 
 
 ITEM 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 51 
 
 ITEM 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 51 

PART II 
 52 

ITEM 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 52 
 
 ITEM 6. 
 [RESERVED] 
 53 
 
 ITEM 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 54 
 
 ITEM 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 56 
 
 ITEM 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 56 
 
 ITEM 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 56 
 
 ITEM 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 56 
 
 ITEM 9C. 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTION 
 57 

PART III 
 58 

ITEM 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 58 
 
 ITEM 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 66 
 
 ITEM 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS 
 66 
 
 ITEM 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 68 
 
 ITEM 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 69 

PART IV 
 70 

ITEM 15. 
 EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 70 
 
 ITEM 16. 
 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 70 

i 

CERTAIN TERMS 

Unless otherwise stated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (this
 Report ), or the context otherwise requires, references to: 

amended and restated memorandum and article of association are to our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association; 

Class A ordinary shares means our Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share; 

Class B ordinary shares means our Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share; 

Companies Act are to the Companies Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands as the same may be amended from time to
time; 

Extension means the shareholders approval of the extension of the date by which we have to consummate a business combination from March 12, 2023 to March 12, 2024 or such earlier date as is determined by our board of directors to be in the best interests of the Company 

founder
 shares are to our former Class B ordinary shares initially issued to our sponsor in
 a private placement prior to our initial public offering and the Class A ordinary shares
 issued upon the automatic conversion of the Class B ordinary shares on March 8, 2023 at the
 option of the holders thereof (for the avoidance of doubt, such Class A ordinary shares will
 not be public shares 

management or our management team are to our executive officers and directors; 

ordinary shares are to our Class A ordinary shares and our Class B ordinary shares; 

private placement shares are to the Class A ordinary shares to be issued to our sponsor in a private placement simultaneously
with the closing of our initial public offering (which private placement shares are identical to the shares sold in our initial public
offering, subject to certain limited exceptions); 

public shareholders are to the holders of our public shares, including our sponsor and management team to the extent
our sponsor and/or members of our management team purchase public shares, provided that our sponsor s and each member of our management
team s status as a public shareholder will only exist with respect to such public shares; 

public
 shares are to our Class A ordinary shares sold in our initial public offering (whether
 they were purchased in our initial public offering or thereafter in the open market), but
 specifically excludes all of our Class A ordinary shares that were issued upon conversion
 of our Class B ordinary shares; 

sponsor are to Vector Acquisition Partners II, L.P., a Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership; and 

we, us, our, company or our company are to Vector Acquisition
Corporation II, a Cayman Islands exempted company. 

ii 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS AND RISK FACTOR SUMMARY 

This Report, including, without limitation, statements under the heading
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, includes forward-looking
statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section
21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). These forward-looking statements can be identified
by the use of forward-looking terminology, including the words believes, estimates, anticipates, 
 expects, intends, plans, may, might, will, potential, 
 possible, projects, predicts, continue, could, would, 
or should, or, in each case, their negative or other variations or comparable terminology. However, the absence of these
words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other
characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. There can be
no assurance that actual results will not materially differ from expectations. Such statements include, but are not limited to, any statements
relating to our ability to consummate any acquisition or other business combination and any other statements that are not statements of
current or historical facts. These statements are based on management s current expectations, but actual results may differ materially
due to various factors, including, but not limited to: 

our ability to select an appropriate target business or businesses; 

our expectations around the performance of a prospective target business or businesses; 

our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business
combination; 

our officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business
or in approving our initial business combination; 

our potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; 

our pool of prospective target businesses; 

our ability to consummate an initial business combination due to the uncertainty resulting from the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic; 

the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential business combination opportunities; 

our public securities potential liquidity and trading; 

the lack of a market for our securities; 

the use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; 

the trust account not being subject to claims of third parties; 

our financial performance following our initial public offering; and 

the other risks and uncertainties discussed in Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Report. 

The forward-looking statements contained in this Report are based on
our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that
future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties
(some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from
those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors
described under the heading Risk Factors. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any
of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements.
We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or
otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. 

iii 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

Introduction 

We are a blank check company incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted
company and formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar
business combination with one or more businesses, which we refer to throughout this Report as our initial business combination. We have
generated no operated revenues to date and we do not expect that we will generate operating revenues until we consummate our initial business
combination. 

Vector Capital 

Vector Capital is a San Francisco-based private equity firm focused
on special situations investments in technology and technology-enabled businesses in the middle-market. Founded in 1997, Vector currently
oversees approximately 4.5 billion in capital across its private equity and credit strategies and has invested 4 billion in more than
50 technology companies since its inception. Throughout its 25 year history, Vector has exclusively focused on investments within the
technology sector and has built a successful track record of executing public buyouts, acquisitions of private and venture-backed companies,
corporate spin-outs and divestitures, credit recapitalizations and restructurings, minority investments in bootstrapped 
companies, and private investments in public equity. Within technology, Vector invests across a variety of sectors, including Vertical
Applications, Horizontal Applications, Data Analytics, Cloud IT Infrastructure Solutions, IT Security, Mobile Technologies, IP Licensing,
Data Information Services, Data Communications Solutions, Digital Media Internet, and Industrial Tech Internet of Things,
among others. Vector s disciplined approach to valuation and flexible approach to investment structure is intended to deliver superior
risk adjusted returns. 

Vector Capital s principals include Mr. Alex Slusky, Vector s
Founder, Managing Director, and Chief Investment Officer; Mr. David Fishman, Managing Director and Head of Vector s Investment Team;
and Mr. David Baylor, Managing Director and Chief Operating Officer. Mr. Slusky, Mr. Fishman, and Mr. Baylor are supported by more than
30 investing and operating professionals, including a dedicated sourcing team, a highly experienced investment team, and a value creation
team, with over 400 years of collective experience within the technology sector. We believe that Vector Capital s technology expertise
serves as a significant competitive advantage over generalist private equity funds when sourcing investment opportunities, conducting
due diligence, adding value post-acquisition, and exiting investments. 

Vector Acquisition Corporation II will leverage the full capabilities
of the Vector platform and have comprehensive access to its team, deal prospects, and network, along with any necessary resources to aid
in the identification, diligence, and operational support of a target for the initial business combination. 

Our Management Team 

Our management team is led by Mr. Alex Slusky, Vector s Founder,
Managing Director, and Chief Investment Officer, Mr. David Fishman, Managing Director and Head of Vector s Investment Team, and
Mr. David Baylor, Managing Director and Chief Operating Officer. Collectively, they have more than 90 years of operational, financial,
investment, and transactional experience, primarily within the technology sector. Our management team is supported by Mr. John Herr, Mr.
Patrick Nichols and Mr. David Kennedy, who serves as our directors along with Mr. Slusky. 

Mr. Slusky founded Vector Capital in 1997 and has more than 30 years
of investing and operating experience in technology companies. Mr. Slusky also previously served as Chief Executive Officer and Chairman
of Vector Acquisition Corporation Vector I ), a special purpose acquisition company that completed its initial business
combination with Rocket Lab USA, Inc. Rocket Lab in 2021. Mr. Slusky currently serves on the Board of Directors of Rocket
Lab. 

1 

Mr. Slusky has deep technical experience in both private and public
technology companies and has successfully invested across multiple market cycles including the 1998 2000 Internet bubble and the
2008 2009 financial crisis. Prior to founding Vector Capital, Mr. Slusky led the technology equity practice at Ziff Brothers Investments,
managing a portfolio of public and private technology investments which later became Vector Capital I. Prior to Ziff, Mr. Slusky spent
three years at New Enterprise Associates NEA ), where he focused on venture investments in software, communications, and
digital media. Mr. Slusky began his career at Microsoft and McKinsey Company. 

Mr. Fishman joined Vector Capital in 2006 and has more than 20 years
of investing and transactional experience in technology companies. He is our President and also previously served as President of Vector
I, a special purpose acquisition company that completed its initial business combination with Rocket Lab in 2021. Prior to joining Vector,
Mr. Fishman spent ten years at Goldman, Sachs Co. Goldman Sachs where he was a Managing Director in the Mergers
and Acquisitions division and focused on technology and media transactions. Mr. Fishman has extensive transaction expertise, having consummated
approximately 30 mergers and acquisitions during his tenure at Goldman Sachs, worth an aggregate value of 110 billion, including transactions
involving Microsoft, eBay, Adobe, IBM, Oracle, and PeopleSoft. 

Mr. Baylor joined Vector Capital in 2008 and has more than 30 years
of operating experience, including as a senior executive at a publicly traded company. He is our Chief Financial Officer and also previously
served as Chief Financial Officer of Vector I, a special purpose acquisition company that completed its initial business combination with
Rocket Lab in 2021. Prior to joining Vector, Mr. Baylor was the Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer at Thomas Weisel Partners
where he was a member of the Executive Committee. Prior to Thomas Weisel Partners, Mr. Baylor was a Managing Director with Montgomery
Securities, a securities attorney with Howard, Rice, Nemerovski, Canady, Falk Rabkin, and a certified public accountant with Deloitte
 Touche. 

Mr. Slusky and Mr. Fishman, who have worked together for over 15 years
and constitute Vector Capital s Investment Committee, have spent their entire careers evaluating and investing in technology businesses
and have a deep understanding of trends, market cycles, vertical expertise, and the proven ability to identify, diligence, structure,
and transform technology investments. 

Mr. Herr is a seasoned technology executive with more than 25 years
of experience in the cloud, consumer internet, e-commerce, new media, and financial services sectors, and has an exceptional track record
of scaling technology businesses into large enterprises. Mr. Herr also previously served on the Board of Directors of Vector I, a special
purpose acquisition company that completed its initial business combination with Rocket Lab in 2021. Mr. Herr previously served as Chief
Executive Officer of Avetta for four years and under his leadership, the company experienced significant revenue growth and transformed
from break-even to highly profitable. Prior to Avetta, Mr. Herr served as CEO of Adaptive Insights, where he was responsible for meaningful
revenue growth during his four-year tenure. Adaptive was ultimately sold to Workday for over 1.5 billion. Mr. Herr has also held executive
roles at EZ Shield, eBay, PayPal, and Buy.com. He currently serves on the Board of Directors of Planful, a Vector Capital portfolio company,
and WineAccess.com. 

Mr. Kennedy is the co-founder and a Partner at Serent Capital, a San
Francisco-based lower-middle market private equity firm focused on service and technology businesses. Mr. Kennedy also previously served
on the Board of Directors of Vector I, a special purpose acquisition company that completed its initial business combination with Rocket
Lab in 2021. During his 12-year tenure at Serent Capital, Mr. Kennedy has built a successful track record investing in high growth technology
companies. Prior to co-founding Serent Capital in 2008, Mr. Kennedy was President and Chairman of ServiceSource (NASDAQ: SREV), a Business
Process Outsourcing software company that served many of the world s leading technology companies. Under Mr. Kennedy s leadership,
ServiceSource grew revenues, profits, and employees and oversaw strong shareholder returns. Previously, David was a consultant at McKinsey
 Company in London, Dublin, and San Francisco, and an Operations Manager at HJ Heinz in Central Eastern Europe. Our management
team is supported by Vector Capital s entire team of sourcing, investment, and operating professionals, all of whom had meaningful
experience investing in, advising, or working at technology companies before joining Vector. Vector Capital s core team has been
investing together in the technology sector for over a decade and has collectively built a network of relationships that we believe will
be invaluable for providing us with a substantial number of attractive business targets. 

Mr. Nichols has been Chief Executive Officer of Quest Software since
April 2020. Prior to joining Quest Software, Mr. Nichols was Chief Executive Officer of Corel Corporation from 2014 to 2020. Mr. Nichols
was previously a member of the board of directors of CloudSense from December 2017 to May 2020. 

2 

With respect to the above, past experience or performance of our management
team and their respective affiliates is not a guarantee of either (i) our ability to successfully identify and execute a transaction or
(ii) success with respect to any business combination that we may consummate. You should not rely on the historical record of our management
team or their respective affiliates as indicative of future performance. Our management team and their respective affiliates have been
involved with a large number of public and private companies in addition to those identified above, not all of which have achieved similar
performance levels. For a complete list of our executive officers and entities for which a conflict of interest may or does exist between
such officers and the company, please see Item 10 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Conflicts
of Interest . 

Proposed Business Combination 

To date, our efforts have been limited to organizational or incorporation
activities. We have not selected any specific business combination target and we have not, nor has anyone on our behalf, initiated any
substantive discussions, directly or indirectly, with any business combination target. To date, our efforts have been limited to organizational
activities. We have generated no operating revenues to date and we do not expect that we will generate operating revenues until we consummate
our initial business combination. 

Business Strategy 

Our management team has an extensive track record of successfully sourcing
and executing special situations technology investments, including public buyouts, acquisitions of private and venture-backed companies,
corporate spin-outs and divestitures, credit recapitalizations and restructurings, minority investments in bootstrapped 
companies, and private investments in public equity. Vector Capital s sourcing, investment, and value creation professionals have
spent years developing relationships with technology company founders, CEOs and other executives, venture capitalists, private equity
investors, board members, intermediaries and other industry leaders. We believe that Vector Capital s reputation and expertise as
a technology specialist gives us greater credibility with sellers and management teams and provides us with an advantage during a transaction
process. 

We believe our sourcing capabilities, which are supported by our management
team s and Vector s expansive network and deep and constantly growing relationships with technology company founders, CEOs
and other executives, venture capitalists, private equity investors, board members, intermediaries and other industry leaders are a competitive
advantage. Our dedicated sourcing professionals are well qualified and focused on developing proprietary investment opportunities. We
expect to evaluate the public markets using our proprietary screens, communicate with larger technology companies to uncover spin-out
candidates, engage the venture and private equity community to identify quality companies in older vintage funds, and most importantly,
maintain substantive dialogues with entrepreneurs, board members, and executives of companies who may benefit from our capital and expertise
to navigate a transition or a difficult time in their business. 

Additionally, our established reputation for insightful analysis, ability
to create value in complex situations, active involvement in value creation initiatives, and being a knowledgeable partner, results in
frequent inbound communication from founders, shareholders, management teams, and investment bankers seeking our advice and soliciting
our interest in special situations investment opportunities. 

In July 2020, certain members of our management team formed Vector
I, a blank check company incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted company and formed for substantially similar purposes as our company.
Vector I completed its initial public offering in September 2020, selling 32,000,000 units (including 2,000,000 pursuant to the underwriters 
partial exercise of their over-allotment option), generating aggregate proceeds of 320 million. Vector I closed its initial business
combination with Rocket Lab on August 25, 2022 and the combined company is now listed on the Nasdaq under the symbol RKLB. 

Vector has established a successful track record spanning over 25 years
and Vector and our management team have demonstrated our ability to identify, evaluate, and execute special situations technology investments
through volatile markets. 

3 

Acquisition Strategy 

Consistent with our strategy, we have identified the following general
criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses. We will use these criteria and guidelines
in evaluating acquisition opportunities, but we may decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target business that
does not meet these criteria and guidelines. We intend to seek to acquire companies that we believe: 

operate in an attractive industry; 

have a defensible core business, sustainable revenues and established customer relationships; 

have strong product capabilities that offer an attractive value proposition to customers; 

have capable, talented management teams who are experts in their industries 

can benefit from our expertise and value creation initiatives; and 

have reached a point in their lifecycle where a change in the capital structure can facilitate additional constructive growth through
investments or acquisitions. 

These criteria are not intended to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating
to the merits of a particular initial business combination may be based, to the extent relevant, on these general guidelines as well as
other considerations, factors and criteria that our management and our board may deem relevant. In the event that we decide to enter into
our initial business combination with a target business that does not meet the above criteria and guidelines, we will disclose that the
target business does not meet the above criteria in our shareholder communications related to our initial business combination, which,
as discussed in the final prospectus relating to our initial public offering, would be in the form of tender offer documents or proxy
solicitation materials that we would file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). 

Market Opportunity 

We intend to identify and acquire a business within the technology
and technology-enabled services sectors with an overall transaction value between 900 million and 3.0 billion. We believe that these
sectors represent attractive target markets given the size, breadth and prospects for growth, with global information technology spending
expected to be 4.5 trillion in 2023 and expected to continue to grow in the future. We believe that this large, ecosystem creates a compelling
opportunity for us to identify, build relationships with, and create opportunities to complete an initial business combination with very
attractive companies. Additionally, we believe that technology has become, and will continue to be, a core component of every economic
sector. As technology continues to propagate across different functional departments within an organization, the need for additional technology
solutions will increase, expanding the addressable market for technology companies. 

4 

Initial Business Combination 

So long as our securities are then listed on the Nasdaq, our initial
business combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of
the net assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on
the trust account) at the time of signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. We refer to this
as the 80 of fair market value test. The fair market value of the target or targets will be determined by our board of
directors based upon one or more standards generally accepted by the financial community (such as actual and potential sales, earnings,
cash flow and/or book value). Even though our board of directors will rely on generally accepted standards, our board of directors will
have discretion to select the standards employed. In addition, the application of the standards generally involves a substantial degree
of judgment. Accordingly, investors will be relying on the business judgment of the board of directors in evaluating the fair market value
of the target or targets. The proxy solicitation materials or tender offer documents used by us in connection with any proposed transaction
will provide public shareholders with our analysis of our satisfaction of the 80 of fair market value test, as well as the basis for
our determinations. If our board of directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses,
we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority,
Inc. FINRA ), or an independent valuation or appraisal firm with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. While we
consider it unlikely that our board will not be able to make an independent determination of the fair market value of a target business
or businesses, it may be unable to do so if the board is less familiar or experienced with the target company s business, there
is a significant amount of uncertainty as to the value of the company s assets or prospects, including if such company is at an
early stage of development, operations or growth, or if the anticipated transaction involves a complex financial analysis or other specialized
skills and the board determines that outside expertise would be helpful or necessary in conducting such analysis. Since any opinion, if
obtained, would merely state that the fair market value of the target business meets the 80 of the fair market value test, unless such
opinion includes material information regarding the valuation of a target business or the consideration to be provided, it is not anticipated
that copies of such opinion would be distributed to our shareholders. However, if required under applicable law, any proxy statement that
we deliver to shareholders and file with the SEC in connection with a proposed transaction will include such opinion. 

We anticipate structuring our initial business combination so that
the post-business combination company in which our public shareholders own shares will own or acquire 100 of the equity interests or
assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial business combination such that the post-business combination
company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the
target management team or shareholders or for other reasons, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-business
combination company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling
interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940,
as amended (the Investment Company Act ). Even if the post-business combination company owns or acquires 50 or more of the
voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-
business combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination. For example, we could
pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock, shares
or other equity interests of a target business, or issue a substantial number of new shares to third parties in connection with financing
our initial business combination. In this case, we would acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the
issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our shareholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less
than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100 of the equity interests or
assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post- business combination company, the portion of such business
or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80 of the fair market value test will be based on
the aggregate value of all of the target businesses. If the business combination involves more than one target business, the 80 of the
fair market value test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the target businesses and we will treat the target businesses together
as the initial business combination for purposes of a tender offer or for seeking shareholder approval, as applicable. If our securities
are not then listed on the Nasdaq for whatever reason, we would no longer be required to meet the foregoing 80 of fair market value test. 

To the extent we effect our initial business combination with a company
or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent
in such company or business. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we
cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant risk factors. 

The time required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure
and complete our initial business combination, and the costs associated with this process, are not currently ascertainable with any degree
of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of a prospective target business with which our initial
business combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete
another business combination. 

5 

Our Acquisition Process 

In evaluating a prospective target business, we conduct a thorough
due diligence review that encompasses, among other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, inspection
of facilities, as well as a review of financial, operational, legal and other information that will be made available to us. We also utilize
our operational and capital planning experience. 

We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination
with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination
with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an
opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that such initial
business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other
context. 

Members of our management team and our independent directors directly
or indirectly own founder shares and/or private placement shares and, accordingly, may have a conflict of interest in determining whether
a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. Further, each of our
officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or
resignation of any such officers and directors was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial
business combination. 

All of the members of our management team are employed by certain affiliates
of Vector Capital. Vector Capital is continuously made aware of potential business opportunities, one or more of which we may desire to
pursue for a business combination. We will not consider a business combination with any company that has already been identified to Vector
Capital as an acquisition candidate for it. 

Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in
the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities, including without limitation the Vector SPACs
and any future special purpose acquisition companies we expect they may be involved in, pursuant to which such officer or director is
or will be required to present a business combination opportunity. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a
business combination opportunity that is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations
(including, without limitation, any of the Vector SPACs), then, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law, he or she
will need to honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such opportunity to such entity before we can pursue such
opportunity. If these other entities decide to pursue any such opportunity, we may be precluded from pursuing the same. We do not believe,
however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers or directors will materially affect our ability to complete
our business combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will provide that we renounce our interest in
any business combination opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely
in his or her capacity as a director or officer of the company and it is an opportunity that we are able to complete on a reasonable basis. 

In addition, our sponsor, officers and directors have already participated
in, formed, or become an officer or director, of other blank check companies, and may continue to do so in the future prior to the completion
of our initial business combination. As a result, our sponsor, officers or directors could have conflicts of interest in determining whether
to present business combination opportunities to us or to any other blank check company with which they may become or are involved. We
do not currently expect that any such other blank check company would materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination.
In addition, our sponsor, officers and directors, are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs, and, accordingly,
will have conflicts of interest in allocating management time among various business activities, including identifying potential business
combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. 

6 

Status as a Public Company 

We believe our structure makes us an attractive business combination
partner to target businesses. As an existing public company, we offer a target business an alternative to the traditional initial public
offering through a merger or other business combination with us. In a business combination transaction with us, the owners of the target
business may, for example, exchange their shares of stock in the target business for our Class A ordinary shares (or shares of a new holding
company) or for a combination of our Class A ordinary shares and cash, allowing us to tailor the consideration to the specific needs of
the sellers. We believe target businesses will find this method a more expeditious and cost effective method to becoming a public company
than the typical initial public offering. The typical initial public offering process takes a significantly longer period of time than
the typical business combination transaction process, and there are significant expenses in the initial public offering process, including
underwriting discounts and commissions, that may not be present to the same extent in connection with a business combination with us. 

Furthermore, once a proposed business combination is completed, the
target business will have effectively become public, whereas an initial public offering is always subject to the underwriters ability
to complete the offering, as well as general market conditions, which could delay or prevent the offering from occurring or have negative
valuation consequences. Once public, we believe the target business would then have greater access to capital, an additional means of
providing management incentives consistent with shareholders interests and the ability to use its shares as currency for acquisitions.
Being a public company can offer further benefits by augmenting a company s profile among potential new customers and vendors and
aid in attracting talented employees. 

While we believe that our structure and our management team s
backgrounds make us an attractive business partner, some potential target businesses may view our status as a blank check company, such
as our lack of an operating history and our ability to seek shareholder approval of any proposed initial business combination, negatively. 

We are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section
2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act ). As such, we are
eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that
are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation
requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic
reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and
shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved, If some investors find our securities less attractive as
a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging
growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying
with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting
standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended
transition period. 

We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1)
the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of our initial public offering, (b) in which we
have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.235 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means
the market value of our Class A ordinary shares that are held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30,
and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three-year period. 

Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined
in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including,
among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last
day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 250 million as of
the prior June 30, and (2) our annual revenues equaled or exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year or the market value
of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30. 

7 

Financial Position 

As of March 9, 2023, we had approximately 39,927,973 available to
consummate an initial business combination after payment of the estimated expenses of our initial public offering, 15,750,000 of deferred
underwriting fees and 419,974,456.06 of shareholder redemptions in connection with the Extension. With these funds available for a business
combination, we offer a target business a variety of options such as creating a liquidity event for its owners, providing capital for
the potential growth and expansion of its operations or strengthening its balance sheet by reducing its debt ratio. Because we are able
to complete our initial business combination using our cash, debt or equity securities, or a combination of the foregoing, we have the
flexibility to use the most efficient combination that will allow us to tailor the consideration to be paid to the target business to
fit its needs and desires. However, we have not taken any steps to secure third-party financing and there can be no assurance it will
be available to us. 

Effectuating Our Initial Business Combination 

General 

We are not presently engaged in, and we will not engage in, any operations
for an indefinite period of time following our initial public offering. We intend to effectuate our initial business combination using
cash from the proceeds of our initial public offering and the private placement of the private placement shares, the proceeds of the sale
of our shares in connection with our initial business combination (pursuant to forward purchase agreements or backstop agreements we may
enter into following the consummation of our initial public offering or otherwise), shares issued to the owners of the target, debt issued
to bank or other lenders or the owners of the target, or a combination of the foregoing or other sources. We may seek to complete our
initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth,
which would subject us to the numerous risks inherent in such companies and businesses. 

If our initial business combination is paid for using equity or debt,
or not all of the funds released from the trust account are used for payment of the consideration in connection with our initial business
combination or used for redemptions of our Class A ordinary shares, we may apply the balance of the cash released to us from the trust
account for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations of the post-business combination company,
the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business combination, to fund the purchase
of other companies or for working capital. 

We may need to obtain additional financing to complete our initial
business combination, either because the transaction requires more cash than is available from the proceeds held in our trust account,
or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our public shares upon completion of the business combination, in which
case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such business combination. There are no prohibitions on our ability
to issue securities or incur debt in connection with our initial business combination. Other than the potential availability of the backstop
arrangement with our sponsor, we are not currently a party to any arrangement or understanding with any third party with respect to raising
any additional funds through the sale of securities, the incurrence of debt or otherwise. 

Although our management will assess the risks inherent in a particular
target business with which we may combine, we cannot assure you that this assessment will result in our identifying all risks that a target
business may encounter. Furthermore, some of those risks may be outside of our control, meaning that we can do nothing to control or reduce
the chances that those risks will adversely affect a target business. 

Sources of Target Businesses 

We anticipate that target business candidates will be brought to our
attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment market participants, private equity groups, investment banking firms,
consultants, accounting firms and large business enterprises. Target businesses may be brought to our attention by such unaffiliated sources
as a result of being solicited by us through calls or mailings. These sources may also introduce us to target businesses in which they
think we may be interested on an unsolicited basis, since some of these sources will have read this Report and know what types of businesses
we are targeting. Our officers and directors, as well as their affiliates, may also bring to our attention target business candidates
that they become aware of through their business contacts as a result of formal or informal inquiries or discussions they may have, as
well as attending trade shows or conventions. In addition, we expect to receive a number of proprietary deal flow opportunities that would
not otherwise necessarily be available to us as a result of the business relationships of our officers and directors. While we do not
presently anticipate engaging the services of professional firms or other individuals that specialize in business acquisitions on any
formal basis, we may engage these firms or other individuals in the future, in which event we may pay a finder s fee, consulting
fee or other compensation to be determined in an arm s length negotiation based on the terms of the transaction. We will engage
a finder only to the extent our management determines that the use of a finder may bring opportunities to us that may not otherwise be
available to us or if finders approach us on an unsolicited basis with a potential transaction that our management determines is in our
best interest to pursue. Payment of finder s fees is customarily tied to completion of a transaction, in which case any such fee
will be paid out of the funds held in the trust account. In no event, however, will our sponsor or any of our existing officers or directors,
or their respective affiliates paid by us any finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation prior to, or for any services they
render in order to effectuate, the completion of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is).
We pay an affiliate of our sponsor a total of 10,000 per month for office space, secretarial and administrative support and to reimburse
our sponsor for any out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying, investigating and completing an initial business combination. Some
of our officers and directors may enter into employment or consulting agreements with the post-business combination company following
our initial business combination. The presence or absence of any such fees or arrangements will not be used as a criterion in our selection
process of an acquisition candidate. 

8 

We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination
with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination
with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor or any of our officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will
obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that
such initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion
in any other context. 

Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in
the future may have, additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities, including the Vector SPACs and other entities
that are affiliates of our sponsor, pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination
opportunity to such entity. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which
is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary
or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman
Islands law. 

Evaluation of a Target Business and Structuring of Our
Initial Business Combination 

In evaluating a prospective target business, we expect to conduct an
extensive due diligence review which may encompass, as applicable and among other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees,
document reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers, inspection of facilities and a review of financial and other information about
the target and its industry. We will also utilize our management team s operational and capital planning experience. If we determine
to move forward with a particular target, we will proceed to structure and negotiate the terms of the business combination transaction. 

The time required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure
and complete our initial business combination, and the costs associated with this process, are not currently ascertainable with any degree
of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of, and negotiation with, a prospective target business
with which our initial business combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses and will reduce the funds
we can use to complete another business combination. The company will not pay any consulting fees to members of our management team, or
their respective affiliates, for services rendered to or in connection with our initial business combination. In addition, we have agreed
not to enter into a definitive agreement regarding an initial business combination without the prior consent of our sponsor. 

Lack of Business Diversification 

For an indefinite period of time after the completion of our initial
business combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely on the future performance of a single business. Unlike other entities
that have the resources to complete business combinations with multiple entities in one or several industries, it is probable that we
will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate the risks of being in a single line of business. By completing our
initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may: 

subject us to negative economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact
on the particular industry in which we operate after our initial business combination; and 

cause us to depend on the marketing and sale of a single product or limited number of products or services. 

9 

Limited Ability to Evaluate the Target s Management
Team 

Although we intend to closely scrutinize the management of a prospective
target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with that business, our assessment of the
target business s management may not prove to be correct. In addition, the future management may not have the necessary skills,
qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future role of members of our management team, if any, in the
target business cannot presently be stated with any certainty. The determination as to whether any of the members of our management team
will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination. While it is possible that one or more
of our directors will remain associated in some capacity with us following our initial business combination, it is unlikely that any of
them will devote their full efforts to our affairs subsequent to our initial business combination. Moreover, we cannot assure you that
members of our management team will have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations of the particular target business. 

We cannot assure you that any of our key personnel will remain in senior
management or advisory positions with the combined company. The determination as to whether any of our key personnel will remain with
the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination. 

Following a business combination, we may seek to recruit additional
managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business. We cannot assure you that we will have the ability to recruit
additional managers, or that additional managers will have the requisite skills, knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent
management. 

Shareholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve Our Initial
Business Combination 

We may conduct redemptions without a shareholder vote pursuant to the
tender offer rules of the SEC subject to the provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. However, we
will seek shareholder approval if it is required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement, or we may decide to seek shareholder
approval for business or other reasons. 

Under the Nasdaq s listing rules, shareholder approval would
typically be required for our initial business combination if, for example: 

We issue ordinary shares that will be equal to or in excess of 20 
of the number of our ordinary shares then-outstanding (other than in a public offering); 

Any of our directors, officers or substantial shareholder (as defined
by the Nasdaq rules) has a 5 or greater interest (or such persons collectively have a 10 or greater interest), directly or indirectly,
in the target business or assets to be acquired or in the consideration to be paid in the transaction and the present or potential issuance
of ordinary shares could result in an increase in issued and outstanding ordinary shares or voting power of 5 or more; or 

The issuance or potential issuance of ordinary shares will result in
our undergoing a change of control. 

10 

The decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed
business combination in those instances in which shareholder approval is not required by law will be made by us, solely in our discretion,
and will be based on business and reasons, which include a variety of factors, including, but not limited to: 

the timing of the transaction, including in the event we determine shareholder approval would require additional time and there is
either not enough time to seek shareholder approval or doing so would place the company at a disadvantage in the transaction or result
in other additional burdens on the company; 

the expected cost of holding a shareholder vote; 

the risk that the shareholders would fail to approve the proposed business combination; 

other time and budget constraints of the company; and 

additional legal complexities of a proposed business combination that would be time-consuming and burdensome to present to shareholders. 

Permitted Purchases and Other Transactions with Respect
to Our Securities 

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination
and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our sponsor,
directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase public shares in privately negotiated transactions or in the
open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination. Additionally, at any time at or prior to
our initial business combination, subject to applicable securities laws (including with respect to material nonpublic information), our
sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates may enter into transactions with investors and others to provide
them with incentives to acquire public shares, vote their public shares in favor of our initial business combination or not redeem their
public shares. However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any
terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of the funds in the trust account will be used to purchase public shares in such transactions.
If they engage in such transactions, they will be restricted from making any such purchases when they are in possession of any material
non-public information not disclosed to the seller or if such purchases are prohibited by Regulation M under the Exchange Act. 

In the event that our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their
affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public shareholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption
rights or submitted a proxy to vote against our initial business combination, such selling shareholders would be required to revoke their
prior elections to redeem their shares and any proxy to vote against our initial business combination. We do not currently anticipate
that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject to the tender offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private
transaction subject to the going-private rules under the Exchange Act; however, if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases
that the purchases are subject to such rules, the purchasers will be required to comply with such rules. 

The purpose of any such transaction could be to (i) vote in favor of
the business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining shareholder approval of the business combination or (ii) satisfy
a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing
of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. Any such purchases of our securities
may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. 

In addition, if such purchases are made, the public float 
of our Class A ordinary shares may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it
difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. 

11 

Our sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates may identify
the shareholders with whom our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates may pursue privately negotiated transactions by either
the shareholders contacting us directly or by our receipt of redemption requests submitted by shareholders (in the case of Class A ordinary
shares) following our mailing of tender offer or proxy materials in connection with our initial business combination. To the extent that
our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates enter into a private transaction, they would identify and contact only
potential selling or redeeming shareholders who have expressed their election to redeem their shares for a pro rata share of the trust
account or vote against our initial business combination, whether or not such shareholder has already submitted a proxy with respect to
our initial business combination but only if such shares have not already been voted at the shareholder meeting related to our initial
business combination. Our sponsor, executive officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates will select which shareholders to purchase
shares from based on the negotiated price and number of shares and any other factors that they may deem relevant, and will be restricted
from purchasing shares if such purchases do not comply with Regulation M under the Exchange Act and the other federal securities laws. 

Our sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates will be restricted
from making purchases of shares if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. We expect any such purchases
would be reported by such person pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to
such reporting requirements. 

Redemption Rights for Public Shareholders upon Completion
of Our Initial Business Combination 

We will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem
all or a portion of their Class A ordinary shares upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable
in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation
of the initial business combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us
to pay our income taxes, if any, divided by the number of then-outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein.
The amount in the trust account is initially anticipated to be 10.00 per public share. The per-share amount we will distribute to investors
who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to Deutsche Bank Securities
Inc. and BofA Securities, Inc., the underwriters of our initial public offering. The redemption rights will include the requirement that
a beneficial holder must identify itself in order to validly redeem its shares. Further, we will not proceed with redeeming our public
shares, even if a public shareholder has properly elected to redeem its shares, if a business combination does not close. Our sponsor
and each member of our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption
rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares held by them in connection with (i) the completion of our initial business
combination and (ii) a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A)
that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their
shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial
business combination within 36 months from the closing of our initial public offering or such earlier date as is determined by our board
of directors to be in the best interests of the Company or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of
our Class A ordinary shares or pre-initial business combination activity. 

12 

Manner of Conducting Redemptions 

We will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem
all or a portion of their Class A ordinary shares upon the completion of our initial business combination either (i) in connection with
a shareholder meeting called to approve the business combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we will
seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and
will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would require us
to seek shareholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement or whether we were deemed to be a foreign private
issuer (which would require a tender offer rather than seeking shareholder approval under SEC rules). Asset acquisitions and share purchases
would not typically require shareholder approval while direct mergers with our company where we do not survive and any transactions where
we issue more than 20 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares or seek to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association would typically require shareholder approval. We currently intend to conduct redemptions in connection with a shareholder
vote unless shareholder approval is not required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement or we choose to conduct redemptions
pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC for business or other reasons. So long as we obtain and maintain a listing for our securities
on the Nasdaq, we will be required to comply with the Nasdaq rules. 

If we held a shareholder vote to approve our initial business combination,
we will, pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association: 

conduct the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the
solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules; and 

file proxy materials with the SEC. 

In the event that we seek shareholder approval of our initial business
combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection therewith, provide our public shareholders with the redemption rights
described above upon completion of the initial business combination. 

If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business
combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, unless a higher approval threshold is required
under Cayman Islands law. An ordinary resolution is a resolution of the company adopted by the affirmative vote of at least a majority
of the votes cast by the holders of the issued shares, present in person or represented by proxy at a general meeting of the company and
entitled to vote on such matter, or a resolution approved in writing by all of the holders of the issued shares entitled to vote on such
matter. As a result, in addition to our initial purchaser s founder shares and the private placement shares, we would need 16,325,001,
or 26.3 (assuming all issued and outstanding shares are voted), or 1,987,501, or 4.4 (assuming only the minimum number of shares representing
a quorum are voted), of the 45,000,000 public shares sold in our initial public offering to be voted in favor of an initial business combination
in order to have our initial business combination approved. Each public shareholder may elect to redeem their public shares irrespective
of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction or vote at all. In addition, our sponsor and each member of our management
team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder
shares and public shares held by them in connection with (i) the completion of a business combination and (ii) a shareholder vote to approve
an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation
to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination
or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 36 months from the closing of our
initial public offering or such earlier date as is determined by our board of directors to be in the best interests of the Company or
(B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares or pre-initial business combination
activity. 

If we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the
SEC, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association: 

conduct the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers; and 

file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same
financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of
the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies. 

13 

Upon the public announcement of our initial business combination, if
we elect to conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, we and our sponsor will terminate any plan established in accordance
with Rule 10b5-1 to purchase Class A ordinary shares in the open market, in order to comply with Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act. 

In the event we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules,
our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days, in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a) under the Exchange Act, and we will
not be permitted to complete our initial business combination until the expiration of the tender offer period. In addition, the tender
offer will be conditioned on public shareholders not tendering more than the number of public shares we are permitted to redeem. If public
shareholders tender more shares than we have offered to purchase, we will withdraw the tender offer and not complete such initial business
combination. 

Limitation on Redemption upon Completion of Our Initial
Business Combination If We Seek Shareholder Approval 

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination
and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder
or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange
Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in our initial public
offering, which we refer to as Excess Shares, without our prior consent. We believe this restriction will discourage shareholders
from accumulating large blocks of shares, and subsequent attempts by such holders to use their ability to exercise their redemption rights
against a proposed business combination as a means to force us or our management to purchase their shares at a significant premium to
the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. Absent this provision, a public shareholder holding more than an aggregate
of 15 of the shares sold in our initial public offering could threaten to exercise its redemption rights if such holder s shares
are not purchased by us, our sponsor or our management at a premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. By
limiting our shareholders ability to redeem no more than 15 of the shares sold in our initial public offering without our prior
consent, we believe we will limit the ability of a small group of shareholders to unreasonably attempt to block our ability to complete
our initial business combination, particularly in connection with a business combination with a target that requires as a closing condition
that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. 

However, we would not be restricting our shareholders ability
to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. 

Tendering Share Certificates in Connection with a Tender
Offer or Redemption Rights 

Public shareholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether
they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, will be required to either tender their certificates (if any)
to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, mailed to such holders,
or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using The Depository Trust Company s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At
Custodian) System, at the holder s option, in each case up to two business days prior to the initially scheduled vote to approve
the business combination. The proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public
shares in connection with our initial business combination will indicate the applicable delivery requirements, which will include the
requirement that a beneficial holder must identify itself in order to validly redeem its shares. Accordingly, a public shareholder would
have from the time we send out our tender offer materials until the close of the tender offer period, or up to two business days prior
to the initially scheduled vote on the proposal to approve the business combination if we distribute proxy materials, as applicable, to
tender its shares if it wishes to seek to exercise its redemption rights. Given the relatively short period in which to exercise redemption
rights, it is advisable for shareholders to use electronic delivery of their public shares. 

There is a nominal cost associated with the above-referenced tendering
process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC System. The transfer agent will typically charge the
tendering broker a fee of approximately 80.00 and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this cost on to the redeeming holder.
However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking to exercise redemption rights to tender their
shares. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising redemption rights regardless of the timing of when such delivery must
be effectuated. 

14 

The foregoing is different from the procedures used by many blank check
companies. In order to perfect redemption rights in connection with their business combinations, many blank check companies would distribute
proxy materials for the shareholders vote on an initial business combination, and a holder could simply vote against a proposed
business combination and check a box on the proxy card indicating such holder was seeking to exercise his or her redemption rights. After
the business combination was approved, the company would contact such shareholder to arrange for him or her to deliver his or her certificate
to verify ownership. As a result, the shareholder then had an option window after the completion of the business combination
during which he or she could monitor the price of the company s shares in the market. If the price rose above the redemption price,
he or she could sell his or her shares in the open market before actually delivering his or her shares to the company for cancellation.
As a result, the redemption rights, to which shareholders were aware they needed to commit before the shareholder meeting, would become
 option rights surviving past the completion of the business combination until the redeeming holder delivered its certificate.
The requirement for physical or electronic delivery prior to the meeting ensures that a redeeming shareholder s election to redeem
is irrevocable once the business combination is approved. 

Any request to redeem such shares, once made, may be withdrawn at any
time up to two business days prior to the initially scheduled vote on the proposal to approve the business combination, unless otherwise
agreed to by us. Furthermore, if a holder of a public share delivered its certificate in connection with an election of redemption rights
and subsequently decides prior to the applicable date not to elect to exercise such rights, such holder may simply request that the transfer
agent return the certificate (physically or electronically). It is anticipated that the funds to be distributed to holders of our public
shares electing to redeem their shares will be distributed promptly after the completion of our initial business combination. 

If our initial business combination is not approved or completed for
any reason, then our public shareholders who elected to exercise their redemption rights would not be entitled to redeem their shares
for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case, we will promptly return any certificates delivered by public holders
who elected to redeem their shares. 

If our initial proposed business combination is not completed, we may
continue to try to complete a business combination with a different target until 36 months from the closing of our initial public offering
or such earlier date as is determined by our board of directors to be in the best interests of the Company. 

Redemption of Public Shares and Liquidation If No Initial
Business Combination 

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide
that we have 36 months from the closing of our initial public offering or such earlier date as is determined by our board of directors
to be in the best interests of the Company to consummate an initial business combination. If we have not consummated an initial business
combination within 36 months from the closing of our initial public offering or such earlier date as is determined by our board of directors
to be in the best interests of the Company, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as
reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal
to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not
previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the
number of the then-outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders
(including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such
redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case
of clauses (ii) and (iii) to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other
applicable law. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, if we wind up for any other reason prior
to the consummation of our initial business combination, we will follow the foregoing procedures with respect to the liquidation of the
trust account as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, subject to applicable Cayman Islands
law. 

15 

Our sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into
an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with
respect to any founder shares they hold if we fail to consummate an initial business combination within 36 months from the closing of
our initial public offering or such earlier date as is determined by our board of directors to be in the best interests of the Company
(although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we
fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame). 

Our sponsor, executive officers and directors have agreed, pursuant
to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
(A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their
shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial
business combination within 36 months from the closing of our initial public offering or such earlier date as is determined by our board
of directors to be in the best interests of the Company or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of
our Class A ordinary shares or pre-initial business combination activity, unless we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity
to redeem their public shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount
then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to
us to pay our income taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares. This redemption right shall apply in
the event of the approval of any such amendment, whether proposed by our sponsor, any executive officer or director, or any other person. 

We expect that all costs and expenses associated with implementing
our plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, will be funded from amounts remaining out of the 107,902 held outside
the trust account (as of December 31, 2022) plus up to 100,000 of funds from the trust account available to us to pay dissolution expenses,
although we cannot assure you that there will be sufficient funds for such purpose. 

If we were to expend all of the net proceeds of our initial public
offering and the sale of the private placement shares, other than the proceeds deposited in the trust account, and without taking into
account interest, if any, earned on the trust account, the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders upon our dissolution would
be 10.00. The proceeds deposited in the trust account could, however, become subject to the claims of our creditors which would have
higher priority than the claims of our public shareholders. We cannot assure you that the actual per-share redemption amount received
by shareholders will not be less than 10.00. While we intend to pay such amounts, if any, we cannot assure you that we will have funds
sufficient to pay or provide for all creditors claims. 

Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers (other
than our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute
agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit
of our public shareholders, there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements or even if they execute such agreements that
they would be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account including, but not limited, to fraudulent inducement, breach of
fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order
to gain an advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third-party refuses
to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives
available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third-party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such
third-party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Examples of possible instances where
we may engage a third-party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third-party consultant whose particular expertise
or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or
in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee that such
entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or
agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. In order to protect the amounts held in the trust
account, our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third-party for services rendered or
products sold to us (other than our independent registered public accounting firm), or a prospective target business with which we have
discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amounts in the trust account to below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public
share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if
less than 10.00 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn
to pay our tax obligations, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third-party or prospective target business
that executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of
the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. In the event
that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third-party, our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any
liability for such third-party claims. However, we have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have
we independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and we believe that our sponsor s
only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations.
None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective
target businesses. 

16 

In the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below
the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the
liquidation of the trust account if less than 10.00 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case
net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay our income tax obligations, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy
its indemnification obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors
would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect
that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to
us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so in any particular instance.
Accordingly, we cannot assure you that due to claims of creditors the actual value of the per-share redemption price will not be less
than 10.00 per public share. 

We will seek to reduce the possibility that our sponsor will have to
indemnify the trust account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (other than our independent
registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with
us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the trust account. Our sponsor will also not be liable
as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities
under the Securities Act. We will have access to up to 107,902 of proceeds held outside the trust account (as of December 31, 2022) with
which to pay any such potential claims (including costs and expenses incurred in connection with our liquidation, currently estimated
to be no more than approximately 100,000). In the event that we liquidate and it is subsequently determined that the reserve for claims
and liabilities is insufficient, shareholders who received funds from our trust account could be liable for claims made by creditors,
however such liability will not be greater than the amount of funds from our trust account received by any such shareholder. 

If we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition
is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law, and may
be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To
the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, we cannot assure you we will be able to return 10.00 per public share to
our public shareholders. Additionally, if we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that
is not dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as
either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover
some or all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty
to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, and thereby exposing itself and our company to claims of punitive damages, by paying
public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought
against us for these reasons. 

17 

Our public shareholders ware entitled to receive funds from the trust
account only (i) in the event of the redemption of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 36
months from the closing of our initial public offering or such earlier date as is determined by our board of directors to be in the best
interests of the Company, (ii) in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
(A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares
redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial
business combination within 36 months from the closing of our initial public offering or such earlier date as is determined by our board
of directors to be in the best interests of the Company or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of
our Class A ordinary shares or pre-initial business combination activity, or (iii) if they redeem their respective shares for cash upon
the completion of the initial business combination. Public shareholders who redeem their Class A ordinary shares in connection with a
shareholder vote described in clause (ii) in the preceding sentence shall not be entitled to funds from the trust account upon the subsequent
completion of an initial business combination or liquidation if we have not consummated an initial business combination within 36 months
from the closing of our initial public offering or such earlier date as is determined by our board of directors to be in the best interests
of the Company, with respect to such Class A ordinary shares so redeemed. In no other circumstances will a shareholder have any right
or interest of any kind to or in the trust account. In the event we seek shareholder approval in connection with our initial business
combination, a shareholder s voting in connection with the business combination alone will not result in a shareholder s redeeming
its shares to us for an applicable pro rata share of the trust account. Such shareholder must have also exercised its redemption rights
described above. These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, like all provisions of our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association, may be amended by a special resolution. Special resolution means a resolution of
the company adopted by the affirmative vote of at least a two-thirds majority (or such higher threshold as specified in the company s
amended and restated articles of association) of the votes cast by the holders of the issued shares present in person or represented by
proxy at a general meeting of the company and entitled to vote on such matter, or a resolution approved in writing by all of the holders
of the issued shares entitled to vote on such matter. With respect to any other matter submitted to a vote of our shareholders, including
any vote in connection with our initial business combination, except as required by law, holders of our founder shares and holders of
our public shares will vote together as a single class, with each share entitling the holder to one vote. 

Competition 

In identifying, evaluating and selecting a target business for our
initial business combination, we may encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including
other blank check companies, private equity groups and leveraged buyout funds, public companies and operating businesses seeking strategic
acquisitions. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience identifying and effecting business combinations
directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these competitors possess greater financial, technical, human and other resources than
us. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent limitation gives
others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of a target business. Furthermore, our obligation to pay cash in connection with our public
shareholders who exercise their redemption rights may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination, and the
future dilution they potentially represent, may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses. Either of these factors may place
us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating an initial business combination. 

Facilities 

We currently maintain our executive offices at One Market Street, Steuart
Tower, 23rd Floor, San Francisco, CA 94105. The cost for our use of this space is included in the 10,000 per month fee we pay to an affiliate
of our sponsor for office space, administrative and support services. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. 

Employees 

We currently have three executive officers. These individuals are not
obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they intend to devote as much of their time as they deem necessary
to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time they will devote in any time period will vary
based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial business combination and the stage of the business combination process
we are in. We do not intend to have any full time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. 

18 

Periodic Reporting and Financial Information 

We registered our Class A ordinary shares under the Exchange Act and
have reporting obligations, including the requirement that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with the SEC. In accordance with
the requirements of the Exchange Act, our annual reports contain financial statements audited and reported on by our independent registered
public accountants. 

We will provide shareholders with audited financial statements of the
prospective target business as part of the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, sent to shareholders. These financial
statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or reconciled to, generally accepted accounting principles in the United
States of America GAAP ), or IFRS, depending on the circumstances, and the historical financial statements may be required
to be audited in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ).
These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable
to provide such statements in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial
business combination within the prescribed time frame. We cannot assure you that any particular target business identified by us as a
potential acquisition candidate will have financial statements prepared in accordance with the requirements outlined above, or that the
potential target business will be able to prepare its financial statements in accordance with the requirements outlined above. To the
extent that these requirements cannot be met, we may not be able to acquire the proposed target business. While this may limit the pool
of potential acquisition candidates, we do not believe that this limitation will be material. 

We are required to evaluate our internal control procedures for the
fiscal year ending December 31, 2022 as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Only in the event we are
deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, will we be required
to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting.
A target business may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their internal controls.
The development of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and
costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. 

On March 9, 2021, we filed a Registration Statement on Form 8-A with
the SEC to voluntarily register our securities under Section 12 of the Exchange Act. As a result, we are subject to the rules and regulations
promulgated under the Exchange Act. We have no current intention of filing a Form 15 to suspend our reporting or other obligations under
the Exchange Act prior or subsequent to the consummation of our initial business combination. 

We are a Cayman Islands exempted company. Exempted companies are Cayman
Islands companies conducting business mainly outside the Cayman Islands and, as such, are exempted from complying with certain provisions
of the Companies Act. As an exempted company, we have applied for and expect to receive, after the effectiveness of the registration statement
of which the final prospectus relating to our initial public offering forms a part, a tax exemption undertaking from the Cayman Islands
government that, in accordance with Section 6 of the Tax Concessions Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands, for a period of 30 years
from the date of the undertaking, no law which is enacted in the Cayman Islands imposing any tax to be levied on profits, income, gains
or appreciations will apply to us or our operations and, in addition, that no tax to be levied on profits, income, gains or appreciations
or which is in the nature of estate duty or inheritance tax will be payable (i) on or in respect of our shares, debentures or other obligations
or (ii) by way of the withholding in whole or in part of a payment of dividend or other distribution of income or capital by us to our
shareholders or a payment of principal or interest or other sums due under a debenture or other obligation of us. 

We are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section
2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various
reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but
not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced
disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements
of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously
approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities
and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

19 

In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging
growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying
with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting
standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended
transition period. 

We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1)
the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of our initial public offering, (b) in which we
have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.235 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means
the market value of our Class A ordinary shares that are held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30,
and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three-year period. 

Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined
in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including,
among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last
day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 250 million as of
the prior June 30, and (2) our annual revenues equaled or exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year or the market value
of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30. 

Legal Proceedings 

There is no material litigation, arbitration or governmental proceeding
currently pending against us or any members of our management team in their capacity as such. 

Availability of Reports and Other Information 

SEC filings, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports
on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and all amendments and exhibits to those reports are available through the SEC s website,
http://www.sec.gov. We will provide paper copies of such filings free of charge upon request. At this time, we do not maintain a website
and there is no estimate for when such a website will be maintained by us. 

20 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

In deciding whether to invest in our securities, you should take
into account not only the backgrounds of the members of our management team, but also the special risks we face as a blank check company.
You will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors in Rule 419 blank check offerings. 

An investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk.
You should consider carefully all of the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all of the other information contained
in this Report and the prospectus associated with our initial public offering, before making a decision to invest in our securities. If
any of the following events occur, our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected. In that
event, the trading price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. 

Summary of Risk Factors 

Our business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties. These
risks include, but are not limited to: 

Risks Relating to our Search for, and Consummation of or Inability
to Consummate, a Business Combination 

our lack of history provides you with no basis to evaluate our ability to achieve our objectives; 

our shareholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed initial business combination; 

your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a business combination may be the right to redeem your shares for cash; 

you may be forced to sell your public shares at a loss to liquidate your investment; 

the ability of our public shareholders to redeem their shares for cash, particularly with respect to shareholders with a large number of our shares, may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination targets, or may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination; 

the requirement that we consummate an initial business combination within 36 months may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiations, or we may be unable to consummate a business combination in such period of time; 

our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors and their affiliates may elect to purchase public shares, which may influence a vote on a proposed business combination and reduce the public float of our Class A ordinary shares; 

if you fail to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares, or fail to comply with the requisite procedures to tender your shares, such shares may not be redeemed; 

as the number of special purpose acquisition companies increase, targets may become scarcer; 

our public shareholders may only receive approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account; 

21 

if we do not have sufficient funds to allow us to operate for the 36 months following our initial public offering, it could limit our ability to search for a target business, and we will depend on loans from our sponsor or management team to fund our search; 

targets may have a high degree of complexity that require significant operational improvements, or may be within industries which are outside of our management s area of expertise; 

our shareholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption of their shares; 

our sponsor may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a shareholder vote; 

the proceeds in the trust account could be reduced if third parties bring claims against us; 

we may not have sufficient funds to satisfy indemnification claims of our directors and officers; 

holders of Class A ordinary shares will not be entitled to vote on any election of directors prior to our initial business combination; 

you will experience immediate and substantial dilution from the purchase of our Class A ordinary shares; 

Risks Relating to our Securities 

the securities in which we invest the funds held in the trust account could bear a negative rate of interest; 

if we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, and a group of shareholders are deemed to hold more than 15 of our Class A ordinary shares, you will lose the ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 15 ; 

the Nasdaq may delist our securities from trading on its exchange; 

provisions in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of associate may inhibit a takeover of us; 

Risks Relating to our Sponsor and Management Team 

we are dependent upon our executive officers and directors; 

past performance by our management team may not be indicative of future performance; 

we may lose key personnel following our initial business combination; 

our key personnel may have conflicts of interest in determining whether a particular business combination is the most advantageous; 

our management may not be able to maintain control of a target business after our initial business combination; 

Risks Associated with Acquiring and Operating a Business in Foreign
Countries 

targets outside of the United States may require additional burdens to investigate and complete a business combination; 

management may be unfamiliar with United States securities laws; 

substantially all of our assets may be located in a foreign country; 

the laws of another jurisdiction may govern our future material agreements; 

General Risk Factors 

22 

cyber incidents or attacks could be directed at us; 

we are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company within the meaning of the Securities Act; 

we are incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands, which could cause difficult in protecting your interests; 

the Nasdaq may consider us a controlled company within the meaning of the Nasdaq rules; 

we may be considered a passive foreign investment company; and 

our proximity to our liquidation date expresses substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

Risks Relating to our Search for, and Consummation of or Inability
to Consummate, a Business Combination 

We have no operating history and no revenues, and you have
no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. 

We were formed on January 5, 2021 under the laws of the Cayman Islands
and have no operating results. Because we lack an operating history, you have no basis upon which to evaluate our ability to achieve our
business objective of completing our initial business combination with one or more target businesses. We may be unable to complete our
initial business combination. If we fail to complete our initial business combination, we will never generate any operating revenues. 

Our shareholders may not be afforded an opportunity to
vote on our proposed initial business combination, which means we may complete our initial business combination even though a majority
of our shareholders do not support such a combination. 

We may choose not to hold a shareholder vote before we complete our
initial business combination if the business combination would not require shareholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange
listing requirements. For instance, if we were seeking to acquire a target business where the consideration we were paying in the transaction
was all cash, for we would typically not be required to seek shareholder approval to complete such a transaction. Except as required by
applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements, the decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business
combination or will allow shareholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and
will be based on a variety of factors, such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise
require us to seek shareholder approval. Accordingly, we may complete our initial business combination even if holders of a majority of
our issued and outstanding ordinary shares do not approve of the business combination we complete. 

Your only opportunity to affect the investment decision
regarding a potential business combination may be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash. 

At the time of your investment in us, you will not be provided with
an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of any target businesses. If our board of directors determines to complete a business
combination without seeking shareholder approval, your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business
combination may be limited to exercising your redemption rights within the period of time (which will be at least 20 business days) set
forth in our tender offer documents mailed to our public shareholders in which we describe our initial business combination. 

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business
combination, our sponsor and members of our management team have agreed to vote in favor of such initial business combination, regardless
of how our public shareholders vote. 

Our sponsor owns, on an as-converted basis, 20 of our outstanding
ordinary shares (excluding the private placement shares) immediately following the completion of our initial public offering. Our sponsor
and members of our management team also may from time to time purchase Class A ordinary shares prior to our initial business combination.
Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, if we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial
business combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, unless a higher approval threshold
is required under Cayman Islands law. As a result, in addition to our initial shareholders founder shares and the private placement
shares, we would need 16,325,001, or 26.3 (assuming all issued and outstanding shares are voted), or 1,987,501, or 4.4 (assuming only
the minimum number of shares representing a quorum are voted), of the 45,000,000 public shares sold in our initial public offering to
be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to have our initial business combination approved. Accordingly, if we seek
shareholder approval of our initial business combination, the agreement by our sponsor and each member of our management team to vote
in favor of our initial business combination will increase the likelihood that we will receive the requisite shareholder approval for
such initial business combination. 

23 

You will not have any rights or interests in funds from
the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. Therefore, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your
public shares, potentially at a loss. 

Our public shareholders are entitled to receive funds from the trust
account only upon the earliest to occur of: (i) our completion of an initial business combination, and then only in connection with those
Class A ordinary shares that such shareholder properly elected to redeem, subject to the limitations described herein, (ii) the redemption
of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to
have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete
our initial business combination within 36 months from the closing of our initial public offering or such earlier date as is determined
by our board of directors to be in the best interests of the Company or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights
of holders of our Class A ordinary shares or pre-initial business combination activity, and (iii) the redemption of our public shares
if we have not consummated an initial business within 36 months from the closing of our initial public offering or such earlier date as
is determined by our board of directors to be in the best interests of the Company, subject to applicable law and as further described
herein. Public shareholders who redeem their Class A ordinary shares in connection with a shareholder vote described in clause (ii) in
the preceding sentence shall not be entitled to funds from the trust account upon the subsequent completion of an initial business combination
or liquidation if we have not consummated an initial business combination within 36 months from the closing of our initial public offering
or such earlier date as is determined by our board of directors to be in the best interests of the Company, with respect to such Class
A ordinary shares so redeemed. In no other circumstances will a public shareholder have any right or interest of any kind in the trust
account. 

The ability of our public shareholders to redeem their
shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination targets, which may make it difficult for
us to enter into a business combination with a target. 

We may seek to enter into a business combination transaction agreement
with a prospective target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. If too many
public shareholders exercise their redemption rights, we would not be able to meet such closing condition and, as a result, would not
be able to proceed with the business combination. Prospective targets will be aware of these risks and, thus, may be reluctant to enter
into a business combination transaction with us. 

The ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption
rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination or optimize our
capital structure. 

At the time we enter into an agreement for our initial business combination,
we will not know how many shareholders may exercise their redemption rights, and therefore will need to structure the transaction based
on our expectations as to the number of shares that will be submitted for redemption. If our initial business combination agreement requires
us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing,
we will need to reserve a portion of the cash in the trust account to meet such requirements, or arrange for third-party financing. In
addition, if a large number of shares are submitted for redemption, we may need to restructure the transaction to reserve a greater portion
of the cash in the trust account or arrange for additional third-party financing. Raising additional third-party financing may involve
dilutive equity issuances or the incurrence of indebtedness at higher than desirable levels. The above considerations may limit our ability
to complete the most desirable business combination available to us or optimize our capital structure. 

In connection with the Extension, holders of 41,093,174 Class A ordinary
shares exercised their right to redeem their shares for cash at a redemption price of approximately 10.22 per share, for an aggregate
redemption amount of approximately 420 million. As a result, approximately 39.9 million will remain in the Company s trust account
and 16,256,826 Class A ordinary shares remain outstanding (including the converted founder shares). 

24 

The ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption
rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful
and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your shares. 

If our initial business combination agreement requires us to use a
portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, the probability
that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful is increased. If our initial business combination is unsuccessful, you would
not receive your pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account until we liquidate the trust account. If you are in need of immediate
liquidity, you could attempt to sell your shares in the open market; however, at such time our shares may trade at a discount to the pro
rata amount per share in the trust account. In either situation, you may suffer a material loss on your investment or lose the benefit
of funds expected in connection with our redemption until we liquidate or you are able to sell your shares in the open market. 

The requirement that we consummate an initial business combination
within 36 months from the closing of our initial public offering or such earlier date as is determined by our board of directors
to be in the best interests of the Company may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a business combination
and may limit the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets, in particular as we approach
our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our initial business combination on terms that would produce value
for our shareholders. 

Any potential target business with which we enter into negotiations
concerning a business combination will be aware that we must consummate an initial business combination within 36 months from the closing
of our initial public offering or such earlier date as is determined by our board of directors to be in the best interests of the Company.
Consequently, such target business may obtain leverage over us in negotiating a business combination, knowing that if we do not complete
our initial business combination with that particular target business, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination with
any target business. This risk will increase as we get closer to the time frame described above. In addition, we may have limited time
to conduct due diligence and may enter into our initial business combination on terms that we would have rejected upon a more comprehensive
investigation. 

We may not be able to consummate an initial business combination within
36 months after the closing of our initial public offering or such earlier date as is determined by our board of directors to be
in the best interests of the Company, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem
our public shares and liquidate. 

We may not be able to find a suitable target business and consummate
an initial business combination within 36 months after the closing of our initial public offering or such earlier date as is determined
by our board of directors to be in the best interests of the Company. Our ability to complete our initial business combination may be
negatively impacted by general market conditions, volatility in the capital and debt markets and the other risks described herein. For
example, the outbreak of COVID-19 continues to grow both in the U.S. and globally and, while the extent of the impact of the outbreak
on us will depend on future developments, it could limit our ability to complete our initial business combination, including as a result
of increased market volatility, decreased market liquidity and third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at
all. Additionally, the outbreak of COVID-19 may negatively impact businesses we may seek to acquire. If we have not consummated an initial
business combination within such applicable time period, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii)
as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable
in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust
account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided
by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as
shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible
following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject
in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements
of other applicable law. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, if we wind up for any other reason
prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, we will follow the foregoing procedures with respect to the liquidation
of the trust account as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, subject to applicable Cayman Islands
law. In either such case, our public shareholders may receive only 10.00 per public share, or less than 10.00 per public share, on the
redemption of their shares. See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could
be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.00 per public share and other risk
factors herein. 

25 

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business
combination, our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors and their affiliates may elect to purchase public shares, which may
influence a vote on a proposed business combination and reduce the public float of our Class A ordinary shares. 

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination
and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our sponsor,
directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase public shares in privately negotiated transactions or in the
open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination, although they are under no obligation to
do so. However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms
or conditions for any such transactions. None of the funds in the trust account will be used to purchase public shares in such transactions. 

In the event that our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors
or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public shareholders who have already elected to exercise
their redemption rights, such selling shareholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares. The purpose
of any such transaction could be to (1) vote in favor of the business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining shareholder
approval of the business combination or (2) satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum
net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement would
otherwise not be met. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not
otherwise have been possible. In addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our Class A ordinary shares may
be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the
quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section
13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. See Item 1. Business
 Permitted Purchases and Other Transactions with Respect to Our Securities for a description of how our sponsor, directors,
executive officers, advisors or their affiliates will select which shareholders to purchase securities from in any private transaction. 

If a shareholder fails to receive notice of our offer to
redeem our public shares in connection with our initial business combination, or fails to comply with the procedures for tendering its
shares, such shares may not be redeemed. 

We will comply with the proxy rules or tender offer rules, as applicable,
when conducting redemptions in connection with our initial business combination. Despite our compliance with these rules, if a shareholder
fails to receive our proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, such shareholder may not become aware of the opportunity
to redeem its shares. In addition, the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of
our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will describe the various procedures that must be complied with
in order to validly redeem or tender public shares. In the event that a shareholder fails to comply with these procedures, its shares
may not be redeemed. 

As the number of special purpose acquisition companies
evaluating targets increases, attractive targets may become scarcer and there may be more competition for attractive targets. This could
increase the cost of our initial business combination and could even result in our inability to find a target or to consummate an initial
business combination. 

In recent years, the number of special purpose acquisition companies
that have been formed has increased substantially. Many potential targets for special purpose acquisition companies have already entered
into an initial business combination, and there are still many special purpose acquisition companies seeking targets for their initial
business combination, as well as many such companies currently in registration. As a result, at times, fewer attractive targets may be
available, and it may require more time, more effort and more resources to identify a suitable target and to consummate an initial business
combination. In addition, because there are more special purpose acquisition companies seeking to enter into an initial business combination
with available targets, the competition for available targets with attractive fundamentals or business models may increase, which could
cause target companies to demand improved financial terms. Attractive deals could also become scarcer for other reasons, such as economic
or industry sector downturns, geopolitical tensions or increases in the cost of additional capital needed to close business combinations
or operate targets post-business combination. This could increase the cost of, delay or otherwise complicate or frustrate our ability
to find and consummate an initial business combination, and may result in our inability to consummate an initial business combination
on terms favorable to our investors altogether. 

26 

Because of our limited resources and the significant competition
for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. If we have not consummated
our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public
share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account. 

We expect to encounter intense competition from other entities having
a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may be individuals or investment partnerships), other blank check
companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing for the types of businesses we intend to acquire. Many of these individuals
and entities are well established and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting, directly or indirectly, acquisitions of
companies operating in or providing services to various industries. Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other
resources or more local industry knowledge than we do and our financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those
of many of these competitors. While we believe there are numerous target businesses we could potentially acquire with the net proceeds
of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement shares, our ability to compete with respect to the acquisition of
certain target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent competitive limitation
gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. Furthermore, we are obligated to offer holders of
our public shares the right to redeem their shares for cash at the time of our initial business combination in conjunction with a shareholder
vote or via a tender offer. Target companies will be aware that this may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business
combination. Any of these obligations may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating a business combination. If
we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately
 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account. See If third parties
bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders
may be less than 10.00 per public share and other risk factors herein. 

If the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of
the private placement shares not being held in the trust account are insufficient to allow us to operate for the 36 months following the
closing of our initial public offering or such earlier date as is determined by our board of directors to be in the best interests
of the Company, it could limit the amount available to fund our search for a target business or businesses and our ability to complete
our initial business combination, and we will depend on loans from our sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management team to fund
our search and to complete our initial business combination. 

As of December 31, 2022, we had 107,902 in cash held outside the trust
account to fund our working capital requirements. On March 23, 2023, we entered into a working capital loan agreement with our sponsor,
pursuant to which we may borrow up to 500,000, for ongoing business expenses. As of the date of this annual report, we had 250,000 of
outstanding borrowings under the working capital loan agreement. If we complete a business combination, we may repay such loaned amounts
out of the proceeds of the trust account released to us. In the event that a business combination does not close, we may use a portion
of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts, but no proceeds from our trust account would be used
for such repayment. We believe that the funds available to us outside of the trust account, together with any additional funds available
from loans from our sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management team, will be sufficient to allow us to operate through March
12, 2024 or such earlier date as is determined by our board of directors to be in the best interests of the Company; however, we cannot
assure you that our estimate is accurate, and our sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management team are under no obligation to
advance funds to us in such circumstances. We could also use a portion of the funds as a down payment or to fund a no-shop 
provision (a provision in letters of intent designed to keep target businesses from shopping around for transactions with
other companies or investors on terms more favorable to such target businesses) with respect to a particular proposed business combination,
although we do not have any current intention to do so. If we entered into a letter of intent where we paid for the right to receive exclusivity
from a target business and were subsequently required to forfeit such funds (whether as a result of our breach or otherwise), we might
not have sufficient funds to continue searching for, or conduct due diligence with respect to, a target business. 

27 

If we are required to seek additional capital, we would need to borrow
funds from our sponsor, its affiliates, members of our management team or other third parties to operate or may be forced to liquidate.
Neither our sponsor, members of our management team nor their affiliates is under any obligation to us in such circumstances. Any such
advances may be repaid only from funds held outside the trust account or from funds released to us upon completion of our initial business
combination. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into shares of the post-business combination entity at a price of 10.00
per share at the option of the lender. Prior to the completion of our initial business combination, we do not expect to seek loans from
parties other than our sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management team as we do not believe third parties will be willing to
loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. If we have not consummated
our initial business combination within the required time period because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced
to cease operations and liquidate the trust account. Consequently, our public shareholders may only receive an estimated 10.00 per public
share, or possibly less, on our redemption of our public shares. See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds
held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.00 per public
share and other risk factors herein. 

We may seek business combination opportunities with a high
degree of complexity that require significant operational improvements, which could delay or prevent us from achieving our desired results. 

We may seek business combination opportunities with large, highly complex
companies that we believe would benefit from operational improvements. While we intend to implement such improvements, to the extent that
our efforts are delayed or we are unable to achieve the desired improvements, the business combination may not be as successful as we
anticipate. 

To the extent we complete our initial business combination with a large
complex business or entity with a complex operating structure, we may also be affected by numerous risks inherent in the operations of
the business with which we combine, which could delay or prevent us from implementing our strategy. Although our management team will
endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business and its operations, we may not be able to properly ascertain or
assess all of the significant risk factors until we complete our business combination. If we are not able to achieve our desired operational
improvements, or the improvements take longer to implement than anticipated, we may not achieve the gains that we anticipate. Furthermore,
some of these risks and complexities may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that
those risks and complexities will adversely impact a target business. Such combination may not be as successful as a combination with
a smaller, less complex organization. 

Our shareholders may be held liable for claims by third
parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption of their shares. 

If we are forced to enter into an insolvent liquidation, any distributions
received by shareholders could be viewed as an unlawful payment if it was proved that immediately following the date on which the distribution
was made, we were unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business. As a result, a liquidator could seek to
recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore, our directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary
duties to us or our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, thereby exposing themselves and our company to claims, by paying public
shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought
against us for these reasons. We and our directors and officers who knowingly and willfully authorized or permitted any distribution to
be paid out of our share premium account while we were unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business would
be guilty of an offence and may be liable to a fine of 18,292.68 and to imprisonment for five years in the Cayman Islands. We may not
hold an annual general meeting until after the consummation of our initial business combination. 

In accordance with the Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we
are not required to hold a general meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on the Nasdaq. As an exempted
company, there is no requirement under the Companies Act for us to hold annual or extraordinary general meetings to elect directors. Until
we hold an annual general meeting, public shareholders may not be afforded the opportunity to elect directors and to discuss company affairs
with management. Our board of directors is divided into three classes with only one class of directors being elected in each year and
each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first general meeting) serving a three-year term. 

28 

We may seek acquisition opportunities in industries or
sectors which may or may not be outside of our management s area of expertise. 

We will consider a business combination outside of our management s
area of expertise if a business combination target is presented to us and we determine that such candidate offers an attractive acquisition
opportunity for our company. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in any particular business combination
target, we cannot assure you that we will adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors. We also cannot assure you
that an investment in our securities will not ultimately prove to be less favorable to investors in our securities than a direct investment,
if an opportunity were available, in a business combination target. In the event we elect to pursue an acquisition outside of the areas
of our management s expertise, our management s expertise may not be directly applicable to its evaluation or operation, and
the information contained in this Report regarding the areas of our management s expertise would not be relevant to an understanding
of the business that we elect to acquire. As a result, our management may not be able to adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant
risk factors. Accordingly, any holders who choose to retain their securities following the business combination could suffer a reduction
in the value of their securities. Such holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. 

We do not have a specified maximum redemption threshold.
The absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to complete our initial business combination with which a substantial
majority of our shareholders do not agree. 

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association do
not provide a specified maximum redemption threshold. As a result, we may be able to complete our initial business combination even though
a substantial majority of our public shareholders do not agree with the transaction and have redeemed their shares or, if we seek shareholder
approval of our initial business combination and do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant
to the tender offer rules, have entered into privately negotiated agreements to sell their shares to our sponsor, officers, directors,
advisors or their affiliates. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all Class A ordinary shares
that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business
combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, all
Class A ordinary shares submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof, and we instead may search for an alternate business
combination. 

29 

In order to effectuate an initial business combination, blank check
companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and other governing instruments. We cannot assure you
that we will not seek further amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or governing instruments in
a manner that will make it easier for us to complete our initial business combination that our shareholders may not support. 

In order to effectuate a business combination, blank check companies
have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and governing instruments. For example, on March 8, 2023, our shareholders
approved amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to extend the time to consummate an initial business
combination and to remove the limitation that we shall not redeem Class A ordinary shares sold in our initial public offering to the extent
that such redemption would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001. Further amendments to our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association require at least a special resolution of our shareholders as a matter of Cayman Islands law, meaning the approval
of holders of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at a shareholder meeting of the company. In addition, our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association require us to provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem
their public shares for cash if we propose an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would
modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed
in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business
combination within 36 months from the closing of our initial public offering or such earlier date as is determined by our board of directors
to be in the best interests of the Company or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A
ordinary shares or pre-initial business combination activity. To the extent any of such amendments would be deemed to fundamentally change
the nature of any of the securities offered through our initial public offering, we would register, or seek an exemption from registration
for, the affected securities. 

Our sponsor controls a substantial interest in us and thus
may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a shareholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support. 

As of the shareholder approval of the Extension and the related redemption
event and conversion, our sponsor owns approximately 75.5 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares (excluding the private placement
shares and assuming it does not purchase any additional public shares). Accordingly, it may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring
a shareholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support, including amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association and approval of significant corporate transactions including our initial business combination. If our sponsor purchases
any of our securities in the aftermarket or in privately negotiated transactions, this would increase its control. Neither our sponsor
nor, to our knowledge, any of our officers or directors, have any current intention to purchase additional securities, other than as disclosed
in this Report. Factors that would be considered in making such additional purchases would include consideration of the current trading
price of our Class A ordinary shares. In addition, our board of directors, whose members were elected by our sponsor, is divided into
three classes, each of which will generally serve for a term of three years with only one class of directors being elected in each year.
We may not hold another annual general meeting to elect new directors prior to the completion of our initial business combination, in
which case all of the current directors will continue in office until at least the completion of the business combination. If there is
an annual meeting, as a consequence of our staggered board of directors, only a minority of the board of directors will
be considered for election and our sponsor, because of its ownership position, will control the outcome, as only holders of our Class
B ordinary shares, none of which are outstanding at this time, have the right to vote on the appointment of directors and to remove directors
prior to our initial business combination. Accordingly, our sponsor will continue to exert control at least until the completion of our
initial business combination. In addition, we have agreed not to enter into a definitive agreement regarding an initial business combination
without the prior consent of our sponsor. 

After our initial business combination, it is possible
that a majority of our directors and officers will live outside the United States and all of our assets will be located outside the United
States; therefore investors may not be able to enforce federal securities laws or their other legal rights. 

It is possible that after our initial business combination, a majority
of our directors and officers will reside outside of the United States and all of our assets will be located outside of the United States.
As a result, it may be difficult, or in some cases not possible, for investors in the United States to enforce their legal rights, to
effect service of process upon all of our directors or officers or to enforce judgments of United States courts predicated upon civil
liabilities and criminal penalties on our directors and officers under United States laws. 

30 

In particular, there is uncertainty as to whether the courts of the
Cayman Islands or any other applicable jurisdictions would recognize and enforce judgments of U.S. courts obtained against us or our directors
or officers predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the securities laws of the United States or any state in the United States
or entertain original actions brought in the Cayman Islands or any other applicable jurisdiction s courts against us or our directors
or officers predicated upon the securities laws of the United States or any state in the United States. 

You will not be entitled to protections normally afforded
to investors of many other blank check companies. 

Since the net proceeds of our initial public offering are intended
to be used to complete an initial business combination with a target business, we may be deemed to be a blank check company
under the United States securities laws. However, because we had net tangible assets of at least 5,000,001 upon the completion of our
initial public offering and filed a Current Report on Form 8-K, including an audited balance sheet demonstrating this fact, we are exempt
from rules promulgated by the SEC to protect investors in blank check companies, such as Rule 419. Accordingly, investors will not be
afforded the benefits or protections of those rules. Among other things, this means that since our shares were immediately tradable and
we have a longer period of time to complete our initial business combination than do companies subject to Rule 419. Moreover, if our initial
public offering were subject to Rule 419, that rule would have prohibited the release of any interest earned on funds held in the trust
account to us unless and until the funds in the trust account were released to us in connection with our completion of an initial business
combination. 

Subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination,
we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or other charges that could have a significant negative
effect on our financial condition, results of operations and the price of our securities, which could cause you to lose some or all of
your investment. 

Even if we conduct extensive due diligence on a target business with
which we combine, we cannot assure you that this diligence will identify all material issues with a particular target business, that it
would be possible to uncover all material issues through a customary amount of due diligence, or that factors outside of the target business
and outside of our control will not later arise. As a result of these factors, we may be forced to later write-down or write-off assets,
restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could result in our reporting losses. Even if our due diligence
successfully identifies certain risks, unexpected risks may arise and previously known risks may materialize in a manner not consistent
with our preliminary risk analysis. Even though these charges may be non-cash items and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity,
the fact that we report charges of this nature could contribute to negative market perceptions about us or our securities. In addition,
charges of this nature may cause us to violate net worth or other covenants to which we may be subject as a result of assuming pre-existing
debt held by a target business or by virtue of our obtaining post-combination debt financing. Accordingly, any holders who choose to retain
their securities following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such holders are unlikely
to have a remedy for such reduction in value. 

If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds
held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.00 per public
share. 

Our placing of funds in the trust account may not protect those funds
from third-party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers (other than our independent registered
public accounting firm), prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving
any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public shareholders,
such parties may not execute such agreements, or even if they execute such agreements, they may not be prevented from bringing claims
against the trust account, including, but not limited to, fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims,
as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain advantage with respect to a claim against
our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third-party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the
monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into
an agreement with a third-party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third-party s engagement would be
significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. 

31 

Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third-party that
refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third-party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management
to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable
to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any
claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek
recourse against the trust account for any reason. Upon redemption of our public shares, if we have not consummated an initial business
combination within 36 months from the closing of our initial public offering or such earlier date as is determined by our board of directors
to be in the best interests of the Company, or upon the exercise of a redemption right in connection with our initial business combination,
we will be required to provide for payment of claims of creditors that were not waived that may be brought against us within the ten years
following redemption. Accordingly, due to the claims of such creditors, the per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders
could be less than the 10.00 per public share initially held in the trust account. Pursuant to a letter agreement, our sponsor has agreed
that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third-party (other than our independent registered public accounting
firm) for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction
agreement, reduce the amounts in the trust account to below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public
share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than 10.00 per public share due to reductions
in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay our tax obligations, provided that such
liability will not apply to any claims by a third-party or prospective target business that executed a waiver of any and all rights to
seek access to the trust account nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public offering
against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed
to be unenforceable against a third-party, our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. 

However, we have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification
obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and we believe
that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to
satisfy those obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully made against the trust account, the funds available for our
initial business combination and redemptions could be reduced to less than 10.00 per public share. In such event, we may not be able
to complete our initial business combination, and you would receive such lesser amount per share in connection with any redemption of
your public shares. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims
by vendors and prospective target businesses. 

Our directors may decide not to enforce the indemnification
obligations of our sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public
shareholders. 

In the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below
the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the
liquidation of the trust account if less than 10.00 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case
net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay our tax obligations, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its obligations
or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take
legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors
would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent
directors in exercising their business judgment and subject to their fiduciary duties may choose not to do so in any particular instance.
If our independent directors choose not to enforce these indemnification obligations, the amount of funds in the trust account available
for distribution to our public shareholders may be reduced below 10.00 per public share. 

We may not have sufficient funds to satisfy indemnification
claims of our directors and executive officers. 

We have agreed to indemnify our officers and directors to the fullest
extent permitted by law. However, our officers and directors have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or
to any monies in the trust account and to not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason whatsoever (except to the extent
they are entitled to funds from the trust account due to their ownership of public shares). Accordingly, any indemnification provided
will be able to be satisfied by us only if (i) we have sufficient funds outside of the trust account or (ii) we consummate an initial
business combination. Our obligation to indemnify our officers and directors may discourage shareholders from bringing a lawsuit against
our officers or directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of
derivative litigation against our officers and directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our
shareholders. Furthermore, a shareholder s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and
damage awards against our officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions. 

32 

If, before distributing the proceeds in the trust account
to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed,
the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the claims of our shareholders and the per-share amount that would otherwise
be received by our shareholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. 

If, before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public
shareholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds
held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the
claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account,
the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. 

Changes in the market for directors and officers liability
insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and complete an initial business combination. 

In recent months, the market for directors and officers liability insurance
for special purpose acquisition companies has changed in ways adverse to us and our management team. Fewer insurance companies are offering
quotes for directors and officers liability coverage, the premiums charged for such policies have generally increased and the terms of
such policies have generally become less favorable. These trends may continue into the future. 

The increased cost and decreased availability of directors and officers
liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate an initial business combination. In order to obtain
directors and officers liability insurance or modify its coverage as a result of becoming a public company, the post-business combination
entity might need to incur greater expense, accept less favorable terms or both. However, any failure to obtain adequate directors and
officers liability insurance could have an adverse impact on the post-business combination s ability to attract and retain qualified
officers and directors. 

In addition, even after we were to complete an initial business combination,
our directors and officers could still be subject to potential liability from claims arising from conduct alleged to have occurred prior
to the initial business combination. As a result, in order to protect our directors and officers, the post-business combination entity
may need to purchase additional insurance with respect to any such claims run-off insurance ). The need for run-off insurance
would be an added expense for the post-business combination entity, and could interfere with or frustrate our ability to consummate an
initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors. 

If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account
to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against
us that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy or insolvency court may seek to recover such proceeds, and the members of our board of directors
may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to our creditors, thereby exposing the members of our board of directors and us
to claims of punitive damages. 

If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public
shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that
is not dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy or insolvency
laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy or insolvency
court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. In addition, our board of directors may be viewed as having
breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and us to claims of punitive damages,
by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. 

33 

Holders of Class A ordinary shares will not be entitled
to vote on any election of directors we hold prior to our initial business combination. 

Prior to our initial business combination, only holders of our founder
shares will have the right to vote on the election of directors. Holders of our public shares will not be entitled to vote on the election
of directors during such time. In addition, prior to our initial business combination, holders of a majority of our founder shares may
remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. Accordingly, you may not have any say in the management of our company prior
to the consummation of an initial business combination. 

Because we are neither limited to evaluating a target business
in a particular industry, sector or geographic area nor have we selected any specific target businesses with which to pursue our initial
business combination, you will be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular target business s operations. You will
be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular target business s operations. 

We may pursue business combination opportunities in any industry, sector
or geographic area, except that we are not, under our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, permitted to effectuate
our initial business combination solely with another blank check company or similar company with nominal operations. To the extent we
complete our initial business combination, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the business operations with which we combine.
For example, if we combine with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of sales or earnings, we may
be affected by the risks inherent in the business and operations of a financially unstable or a development stage entity. Although our
officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will
properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors or that we will have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore,
some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will
adversely impact a target business. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our securities will ultimately prove to be more favorable
to investors than a direct investment, if such opportunity were available, in a business combination target. Accordingly, any holders
who choose to retain their securities following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such
holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. 

Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines
that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses, we may enter into our initial business combination with a target
that does not meet such criteria and guidelines, and as a result, the target business with which we enter into our initial business combination
may not have attributes entirely consistent with our general criteria and guidelines. 

Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines for evaluating
prospective target businesses, it is possible that a target business with which we enter into our initial business combination will not
have all of these positive attributes. If we complete our initial business combination with a target that does not meet some or all of
these guidelines, such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a business that does meet all of our general criteria
and guidelines. In addition, if we announce a prospective business combination with a target that does not meet our general criteria and
guidelines, a greater number of shareholders may exercise their redemption rights, which may make it difficult for us to meet any closing
condition with a target business that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. In addition, if shareholder
approval of the transaction is required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements, or we decide to obtain shareholder approval
for business or other reasons, it may be more difficult for us to attain shareholder approval of our initial business combination if the
target business does not meet our general criteria and guidelines. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within
the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances,
on the liquidation of our trust account. 

We are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent
accounting or investment banking firm, and consequently, you may have no assurance from an independent source that the price we are paying
for the business is fair to our company from a financial point of view. 

Unless we complete our initial business combination with an affiliated
entity, we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent accounting firm or another independent entity that commonly renders
valuation opinions that the price we are paying is fair to our company from a financial point of view. If no opinion is obtained, our
shareholders will be relying on the judgment of our board of directors, who will determine fair market value based on standards generally
accepted by the financial community. Such standards used will be disclosed in our proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable,
related to our initial business combination. 

34 

We may engage the underwriter or one of its affiliates
to provide additional services to us after this offering, which may include acting as financial advisor in connection with an initial
business combination or as placement agent in connection with a related financing transaction. The underwriter is entitled to receive
deferred commissions that will be released from the trust only upon completion of an initial business combination. These financial incentives
may cause the underwriter to have potential conflicts of interest in rendering any such additional services to us after this offering,
including, for example, in connection with the sourcing and consummation of an initial business combination. 

We may engage the underwriter or one of its affiliates to provide additional
services to us after this offering, including, for example, identifying potential targets, providing financial advisory services, acting
as a placement agent in a private offering or arranging debt financing. We may pay the underwriter or its affiliate fair and reasonable
fees or other compensation that would be determined at that time in an arm s length negotiation; provided that no agreement will
be entered into with the underwriter or its affiliates and no fees or other compensation for such services will be paid to the underwriter
or its affiliates prior to the date that is 60 days from the date of this prospectus, unless such payment would not be deemed underwriter s
compensation in connection with this offering. The underwriter is also entitled to receive deferred commissions that are conditioned on
the completion of an initial business combination. The fact that the underwriter or its affiliates financial interests are tied
to the consummation of a business combination transaction may give rise to potential conflicts of interest in providing any such additional
services to us, including potential conflicts of interest in connection with the sourcing and consummation of an initial business combination. 

Our sponsor contributed 25,000, or approximately 0.002 per founder
share, and, accordingly, you have experienced immediate and substantial dilution from the purchase of our Class A ordinary shares. 

The difference between the public offering price per share and the
pro forma net tangible book value per Class A ordinary share after this offering constitutes the dilution to you and the other investors
in this offering. Our sponsor acquired the founder shares at a nominal price, significantly contributing to this dilution. You and the
other public shareholders incurred an immediate and substantial dilution of approximately 96.5 (or 9.65 per share, assuming no exercise
of the underwriter s over-allotment option) at the time of such purchase, the difference between the pro forma net tangible
book value per share of 0.35 and the initial offering price of 10.00 per share. This dilution would increase to the extent that the
anti-dilution provisions of the founder shares result in the issuance of Class A ordinary shares on a greater than one-to-one basis upon
conversion of the founder shares at the time of our initial business combination and would become exacerbated to the extent that public
shareholders seek redemptions from the trust for their public shares. In addition, because of the anti-dilution protection in the founder
shares, any equity or equity-linked securities issued in connection with our initial business combination would be disproportionately
dilutive to our Class A ordinary shares. 

We may issue additional Class A ordinary shares or preference
shares to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business combination.
We may also issue Class A ordinary shares upon the conversion of the founder shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of
our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions contained in our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association. Any such issuances would dilute the interest of our shareholders and likely present other risks. 

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association authorize
the issuance of up to 450,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, 50,000,000 Class B ordinary shares, par value
 0.0001 per share, and 1,000,000 preference shares, par value 0.0001 per share. There are 392,650,000 and 38,750,000 authorized but unissued
Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares, respectively, available for issuance. The Class B ordinary shares are automatically
convertible into Class A ordinary shares (which such Class A ordinary shares delivered upon conversion will not have any redemption rights
or be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account if we fail to consummate an initial business combination) at the time
of our initial business combination or earlier at the option of the holders thereof as described herein and in our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association. There are no preference shares issued and outstanding. 

35 

We may issue a substantial number of additional Class A ordinary shares
or preference shares to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial
business combination. However, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide, among other things, that prior
to or in connection with our initial business combination, we may not issue additional shares that would entitle the holders thereof to
(i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote on any initial business combination or on any other proposal presented to shareholders
prior to or in connection with the completion of an initial business combination. These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association, like all provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, may be amended with
a shareholder vote. The issuance of additional ordinary or preference shares: 

may significantly dilute the equity interest of our investors, which dilution would increase if the anti-dilution provisions in the
Class B ordinary shares resulted in the issuance of Class A ordinary shares on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the
Class B ordinary shares; 

may subordinate the rights of holders of Class A ordinary shares if preference shares are issued with rights senior to those afforded
our Class A ordinary shares; 

could cause a change in control if a substantial number of Class A ordinary shares are issued, which may affect, among other things,
our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers
and directors; 

may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the share ownership or voting rights of a person
seeking to obtain control of us; and 

may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our Class A ordinary shares. 

Resources could be wasted in researching acquisitions that
are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If
we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately
 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account. 

We anticipate that the investigation of each specific target business
and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents and other instruments will require substantial
management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants, attorneys and others. If we decide not to complete a specific initial
business combination, the costs incurred up to that point for the proposed transaction likely would not be recoverable. Furthermore, if
we reach an agreement relating to a specific target business, we may fail to complete our initial business combination for any number
of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will result in a loss to us of the related costs incurred which could materially
adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we have not consummated our initial business
combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share. 

Compliance obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may
make it more difficult for us to effectuate a business combination, require substantial financial and management resources, and increase
the time and costs of completing an acquisition. 

Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act required that we begin to
evaluate and report on our system of internal controls beginning with this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ending December
31, 2022. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer and no longer qualify as an
emerging growth company, will we be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation
requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. The fact that we are a blank check company makes compliance with the
requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act particularly burdensome on us as compared to other public companies because a target business
with which we seek to complete our initial business combination may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act regarding adequacy of its internal controls. The development of the internal control of any such entity to achieve compliance
with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. 

36 

We may have a limited ability to assess the management
of a prospective target business and, as a result, may affect our initial business combination with a target business whose management
may not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. 

When evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business
combination with a prospective target business, our ability to assess the target business s management may be limited due to a lack
of time, resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities of the target business s management, therefore, may prove
to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications or abilities we suspected. Should the target business s
management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public company, the operations and profitability
of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly, any holders who choose to retain their securities following
the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such
reduction in value. 

We may issue notes or other debt securities, or otherwise
incur substantial debt, to complete a business combination, which may adversely affect our leverage and financial condition and thus negatively
impact the value of our shareholders investment in us. 

Although we have no commitments as of the date of this Report to issue
any notes or other debt securities, or to otherwise incur outstanding debt following our initial public offering, we may choose to incur
substantial debt to complete our initial business combination. We and our officers have agreed that we will not incur any indebtedness
unless we have obtained from the lender a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to the monies held in the trust
account. As such, no issuance of debt will affect the per-share amount available for redemption from the trust account. Nevertheless,
the incurrence of debt could have a variety of negative effects, including: 

default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our
debt obligations; 

acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach
certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; 

our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt is payable on demand; 

our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing
while the debt is outstanding; 

our inability to pay dividends on our Class A ordinary shares; 

using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for
dividends on our Class A ordinary shares if declared, expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes; 

limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate; 

increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government
regulation; and 

limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements,
execution of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. 

37 

We may only be able to complete one business combination
with the proceeds of our initial public offering, which will cause us to be solely dependent on a single business which may have a limited
number of products or services. This lack of diversification may negatively impact our operations and profitability. 

The net proceeds from our initial public offering and the sale of the
private placement shares provided us with up to 450,000,000 that we may use to complete our initial business combination (after taking
into account the 15,750,000 of deferred underwriting commissions being held in the trust account and the estimated expenses of our initial
public offering). 

We may effectuate our initial business combination with a single-target
business or multiple-target businesses simultaneously or within a short period of time. However, we may not be able to effectuate our
initial business combination with more than one target business because of various factors, including the existence of complex accounting
issues and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma financial statements with the SEC that present operating results and the
financial condition of several target businesses as if they had been operated on a combined basis. By completing our initial business
combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments.
Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike
other entities which may have the resources to complete several business combinations in different industries or different areas of a
single industry. Accordingly, the prospects for our success may be: 

solely dependent upon the performance of a single business, property or asset; or 

dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services. 

This lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive
and regulatory risks, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent
to our initial business combination. 

We may attempt to simultaneously complete business combinations
with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete our initial business combination and give rise to increased
costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability. 

If we determine to simultaneously acquire several businesses that are
owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent on the simultaneous
closings of the other business combinations, which may make it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete our initial business
combination. With multiple business combinations, we could also face additional risks, including additional burdens and costs with respect
to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with the subsequent
assimilation of the operations and services or products of the acquired companies in a single operating business. If we are unable to
adequately address these risks, it could negatively impact our profitability and results of operations. 

We may attempt to complete our initial business combination
with a private company about which little information is available, which may result in a business combination with a company that is
not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. 

In pursuing our acquisition strategy, we may seek to effectuate our
initial business combination with a privately held company. Very little public information generally exists about private companies, and
we could be required to make our decision on whether to pursue a potential initial business combination on the basis of limited information,
which may result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. 

38 

Because we must furnish our shareholders with target business
financial statements, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous initial business combination with some prospective
target businesses. 

The federal proxy rules require that a proxy statement with respect
to a vote on a business combination meeting certain financial significance tests include historical and/or pro forma financial statement
disclosure in periodic reports. We will include the same financial statements disclosure in connection with our tender offer documents,
whether or not they are required under the tender offer rules. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance
with, or be reconciled to, accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or GAAP, or international financial
reporting standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board, or IFRS, depending on the circumstances and the historical
financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States), or PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some
targets may be unable to provide such statements in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and
complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. 

Other than amendments relating to the appointment or removal of directors
prior to our initial business combination (which require the approval by special resolution including the affirmative vote of a simple
majority of our Class B ordinary shares, none of which are currently outstanding), the provisions of our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association that relate to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares and our pre-initial business combination
activity (and corresponding provisions of the agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account) may be amended with the
approval of a special resolution which requires the approval of the holders of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and
vote at a shareholder meeting of the company, which is a lower amendment threshold than that of some other blank check companies. It may
be easier for us, therefore, to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to facilitate the completion of
an initial business combination that some of our shareholders may not support. 

Some other blank check companies have a provision in their charter
which prohibits the amendment of certain of its provisions, including those which relate to the rights of a company s shareholders,
without approval by a certain percentage of the company s shareholders. In those companies, amendment of these provisions typically
requires approval by between 90 and 100 of the company s public shareholders. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association provide that any of its provisions related to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares (including the requirement
to deposit proceeds of our initial public offering and the private placement shares into the trust account and not release such amounts
except in specified circumstances, and to provide redemption rights to public shareholders as described herein) may be amended if approved
by special resolution, meaning holders of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at a shareholder meeting of the
company, and corresponding provisions of the trust agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account may be amended if approved
by holders of at least 65 of our ordinary shares; provided that the provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of
association governing the appointment or removal of directors prior to our initial business combination may only be amended by a special
resolution passed by not less than two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at our shareholder meeting. Our sponsor and its
permitted transferees, if any, who will collectively beneficially own, on an as-converted basis, 75.5 of our ordinary shares following
the Extension and the related redemption event, will participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association and/or trust agreement and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. As a result, we may be able to amend
the provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association which govern our pre-business combination behavior more
easily than some other blank check companies, and this may increase our ability to complete a business combination with which you do not
agree. Our shareholders may pursue remedies against us for any breach of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. 

Our sponsor, executive officers and directors have agreed, pursuant
to agreements with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A)
that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their
shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial
business combination within 36 months from the closing of our initial public offering or such earlier date as is determined by our board
of directors to be in the best interests of the Company or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of
our Class A ordinary shares or pre-initial business combination activity, unless we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity
to redeem their Class A ordinary shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate
amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released
to us to pay our income taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares. Our shareholders are not parties to,
or third-party beneficiaries of, these agreements and, as a result, will not have the ability to pursue remedies against our sponsor,
executive officers or directors for any breach of these agreements. As a result, in the event of a breach, our shareholders would need
to pursue a shareholder derivative action, subject to applicable law. 

39 

We may be unable to obtain additional financing to complete
our initial business combination or to fund the operations and growth of a target business, which could compel us to restructure or abandon
a particular business combination. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public
shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust
account. 

Although we believe that the net proceeds of our initial public offering
and the sale of the private placement shares will be sufficient to allow us to complete our initial business combination, we cannot ascertain
the capital requirements for any particular transaction. If the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private
placement shares prove to be insufficient, either because of the size of our initial business combination, the depletion of the available
net proceeds in search of a target business, the obligation to redeem for cash a significant number of shares from shareholders who elect
redemption in connection with our initial business combination or the terms of negotiated transactions to purchase shares in connection
with our initial business combination, we may be required to seek additional financing or to abandon the proposed business combination.
We cannot assure you that such financing will be available on acceptable terms, if at all. The current economic environment has made it
especially difficult for companies to obtain acquisition financing. To the extent that additional financing proves to be unavailable when
needed to complete our initial business combination, we would be compelled to either restructure the transaction or abandon that particular
business combination and seek an alternative target business candidate. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within
the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances,
on the liquidation of our trust account. In addition, even if we do not need additional financing to complete our initial business combination,
we may require such financing to fund the operations or growth of the target business. The failure to secure additional financing could
have a material adverse effect on the continued development or growth of the target business. None of our officers, directors or shareholders
is required to provide any financing to us in connection with or after our initial business combination. 

Risks Relating to our Securities 

The securities in which we invest the funds held in the
trust account could bear a negative rate of interest, which could reduce the value of the assets held in trust such that the per-share
redemption amount received by public shareholders may be less than 10.00 per share. 

The proceeds held in the trust account will be invested only in U.S.
government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7
under the Investment Company Act, which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. While short-term U.S. government treasury
obligations currently yield a positive rate of interest, they have briefly yielded negative interest rates in recent years. Central banks
in Europe and Japan pursued interest rates below zero in recent years, and the Open Market Committee of the Federal Reserve has not ruled
out the possibility that it may in the future adopt similar policies in the United States. In the event that we are unable to complete
our initial business combination or make certain amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, our public
shareholders are entitled to receive their pro-rata share of the proceeds held in the trust account, plus any interest income, net of
taxes paid or payable (less, in the case we are unable to complete our initial business combination, 100,000 of interest). Negative interest
rates could reduce the value of the assets held in trust such that the per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders may
be less than 10.00 per share. 

40 

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business
combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, and if you or a group of shareholders
are deemed to hold in excess of 15 of our Class A ordinary shares, you will lose the ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 15 
of our Class A ordinary shares. 

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination
and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder
or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange
Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in our initial public
offering, which we refer to as the Excess Shares, without our prior consent. However, we would not be restricting our shareholders 
ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Your inability to redeem
the Excess Shares will reduce your influence over our ability to complete our initial business combination and you could suffer a material
loss on your investment in us if you sell Excess Shares in open market transactions. Additionally, you will not receive redemption distributions
with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our initial business combination. And as a result, you will continue to hold that number
of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose of such shares, would be required to sell your shares in open market transactions, potentially
at a loss. 

The Nasdaq may delist our securities from trading on its
exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions. 

Our Class A ordinary shares are currently listed on the Nasdaq. Although
after giving effect to our initial public offering we expect to continue to meet, on a pro forma basis, the minimum initial listing standards
set forth in the Nasdaq listing standards, our securities may not be, or may not continue to be, listed on the Nasdaq in the future or
prior to our initial business combination. In order to continue listing our securities on the Nasdaq prior to our initial business combination,
we must maintain certain financial, distribution and share price levels. Generally, we must maintain a minimum market capitalization (generally
 50,000,000) and a minimum number of holders of our securities (generally 300 public holders). 

Additionally, our Class A ordinary shares will not be traded after
completion of our initial business combination and, in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to demonstrate
compliance with the Nasdaq initial listing requirements, which are more rigorous than the Nasdaq continued listing requirements, in order
to continue to maintain the listing of our securities on the Nasdaq. For instance, in order for our shares to be listed upon the consummation
of our business combination, at such time our share price would generally be required to be at least 4.00 per share. We may not be able
to meet those listing requirements at that time. 

If the Nasdaq delists any of our securities from trading on its exchange
and we are not able to list our securities on another national securities exchange, we expect such securities could be quoted on an over-the-counter
market. If this were to occur, we could face significant material adverse consequences, including: 

a limited availability of market quotations for our securities; 

reduced liquidity for our securities; 

a determination that our Class A ordinary shares are a penny stock which will require brokers trading in our Class A
ordinary shares to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading
market for our securities; 

a limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and 

a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 

41 

The National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which is a
federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities, which are referred to as covered
securities. Because our Class A ordinary shares are listed on the Nasdaq, our Class A ordinary shares qualify as covered securities
under the statute. Although the states are preempted from regulating the sale of covered securities, the federal statute does allow the
states to investigate companies if there is a suspicion of fraud, and, if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the states can
regulate or bar the sale of covered securities in a particular case. While we are not aware of a state having used these powers to prohibit
or restrict the sale of securities issued by blank check companies, other than the State of Idaho, certain state securities regulators
view blank check companies unfavorably and might use these powers, or threaten to use these powers, to hinder the sale of securities of
blank check companies in their states. Further, if we were no longer listed on the Nasdaq, our securities would not qualify as covered
securities under the statute and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities. 

Provisions in our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors might be willing to pay in the future for our Class
A ordinary shares and could entrench management. 

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association contain
provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that shareholders may consider to be in their best interests. These provisions
include a staggered board of directors, the ability of the board of directors to designate the terms of and issue new series of preference
shares, and the fact that prior to the completion of our initial business combination only holders of our Class B ordinary shares, which
were initially issued to our sponsor and no longer remain outstanding, are entitled to vote on the appointment and removal of directors,
which may make more difficult the removal of management and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium
over prevailing market prices for our securities. 

The grant of registration rights to our sponsor may make
it more difficult to complete our initial business combination, and the future exercise of such rights may adversely affect the market
price of our Class A ordinary shares. 

Pursuant to a registration and shareholder rights agreement, our sponsor
and its permitted transferees can demand that we register the resale of the Class A ordinary shares into which founder shares are convertible,
the private placement shares. The registration rights will be exercisable with respect to the founder shares and the private placement
shares. We will bear the cost of registering these securities. The registration and availability of such a significant number of securities
for trading in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares. In addition, the existence
of the registration rights may make our initial business combination more costly or difficult to conclude. This is because the shareholders
of the target business may increase the equity stake they seek in the combined entity or ask for more cash consideration to offset the
negative impact on the market price of our securities that is expected when the securities owned by our sponsor or its permitted transferees
are registered for resale. 

Risks Relating to our Sponsor and Management Team 

We are dependent upon our executive officers and directors
and their loss could adversely affect our ability to operate. 

Our operations are dependent upon a relatively small group of individuals
and, in particular, our executive officers and directors. We believe that our success depends on the continued service of our officers
and directors, at least until we have completed our initial business combination. In addition, our executive officers and directors are
not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating their
time among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence.
We do not have an employment agreement with, or key-man insurance on the life of, any of our directors or executive officers. 

The unexpected loss of the services of one or more of our directors
or executive officers could have a detrimental effect on us. 

42 

Past performance by our management team may not be indicative
of future performance of an investment in us. 

Past performance by our management team is not a guarantee either (i)
of success with respect to any business combination we may consummate or (ii) that we will be able to locate a suitable candidate for
our initial business combination. You should not rely on the historical record of our management team s performance as indicative
of our future performance of an investment in the company or the returns the company will, or is likely to, generate going forward. None
of our directors has experience with blank check companies or special purpose acquisition companies. Additionally, in the course of their
respective careers, members of our management team have been involved in businesses and deals that were unsuccessful. 

Our ability to successfully effect our initial business
combination and to be successful thereafter will be totally dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel, some of whom may join us
following our initial business combination. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our
post-combination business. 

Our ability to successfully effect our initial business combination
is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. The role of our key personnel in the target business, however, cannot presently be
ascertained. Although some of our key personnel may remain with the target business in senior management, director or advisory positions
following our initial business combination, it is likely that some or all of the management of the target business will remain in place.
While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after our initial business combination, we cannot assure you that our
assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. These individuals may be unfamiliar with the requirements of operating a company
regulated by the SEC, which could cause us to have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar with such requirements. 

Our key personnel may negotiate employment or consulting
agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business combination, and a particular business combination may be conditioned
on the retention or resignation of such key personnel. These agreements may provide for them to receive compensation following our initial
business combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts of interest in determining whether a particular business combination
is the most advantageous. 

Our key personnel may be able to remain with our company after the
completion of our initial business combination only if they are able to negotiate employment or consulting agreements in connection with
the business combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the negotiation of the business combination and could
provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or our securities for services they would render
to us after the completion of the business combination. Such negotiations also could make such key personnel s retention or resignation
a condition to any such agreement. The personal and financial interests of such individuals may influence their motivation in identifying
and selecting a target business. In addition, pursuant to a registration and shareholder rights agreement, our sponsor, upon and following
consummation of an initial business combination, will be entitled to nominate three individuals for appointment to our board of directors,
as long as the sponsor holds any securities covered by the registration and shareholder rights agreement. 

The officers and directors of an acquisition candidate
may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The loss of a business combination target s key personnel could
negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. 

The role of an acquisition candidate s key personnel upon the
completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that certain members of an
acquisition candidate s management team will remain associated with the acquisition candidate following our initial business combination,
it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition candidate will not wish to remain in place. 

43 

Our executive officers and directors will allocate their
time to other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to devote to our affairs. This
conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. 

Our executive officers and directors are not required to, and will
not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our operations
and our search for a business combination and their other businesses. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion
of our initial business combination. Each of our executive officers is engaged in several other business endeavors for which he may be
entitled to substantial compensation, and our executive officers are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week
to our affairs. Our independent directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities. If our executive officers 
and directors other business affairs require them to devote substantial amounts of time to such affairs in excess of their current
commitment levels, it could limit their ability to devote time to our affairs which may have a negative impact on our ability to complete
our initial business combination. 

Our officers and directors presently have, and any of them
in the future may have, additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities, including another blank check company, and,
accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. 

Until we consummate our initial business combination, we intend to
engage in the business of identifying and combining with one or more businesses or entities. Each of our officers and directors presently
has, and any of them in the future may have, additional fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such
officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity, subject to his or her fiduciary
duties under Cayman Islands law. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business
opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to
another entity prior to its presentation to us, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. 

In addition, our sponsor, officers and directors may in the future
become affiliated with other blank check companies that may have acquisition objectives that are similar to ours. Accordingly, they may
have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not
be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to such other blank check companies prior to its presentation
to us, subject to our officers and directors fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. Our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association provide that we renounce our interest in any business combination opportunity offered to any director or officer
unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of the company and
it is an opportunity that we are able to complete on a reasonable basis. 

Our executive officers, directors, security holders and
their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our interests. 

We have not adopted a policy that expressly prohibits our directors,
executive officers, security holders or affiliates (including affiliates of our sponsor and their respective employees) from having a
direct or indirect pecuniary or financial interest in any investment to be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which
we are a party or have an interest. In fact, we may enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our
sponsor, our directors or executive officers, although we do not intend to do so. Nor do we have a policy that expressly prohibits any
such persons from engaging for their own account in business activities of the types conducted by us. Accordingly, such persons or entities
may have a conflict between their interests and ours. 

The personal and financial interests of our directors and officers
may influence their motivation in timely identifying and selecting a target business and completing a business combination. Consequently,
our directors and officers discretion in identifying and selecting a suitable target business may result in a conflict of
interest when determining whether the terms, conditions and timing of a particular business combination are appropriate and in our shareholders 
best interest. If this were the case and the directors fail to act in accordance with their fiduciary duties owed to us as a matter of
Cayman Islands law, we may have a claim against such individuals. However, we might not ultimately be successful in any claim we may make
against them for such reason. 

44 

We may engage in a business combination with one or more
target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers, directors or initial
shareholders which may raise potential conflicts of interest. 

In light of the involvement of our sponsor, executive officers and
directors with other entities, we may decide to acquire one or more businesses affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers, directors
or initial shareholders. Our directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities. Our sponsor, officers and directors
may sponsor, form or participate in other blank check companies similar to ours during the period in which we are seeking an initial business
combination. Such entities may compete with us for business combination opportunities. Our sponsor, officers and directors are not currently
aware of any specific opportunities for us to complete our initial business combination with any entities with which they are affiliated,
and there have been no substantive discussions concerning a business combination with any such entity or entities. Although we will not
be specifically focusing on, or targeting, any transaction with any affiliated entities, we would pursue such a transaction if we determined
that such affiliated entity met our criteria and guidelines for a business combination and such transaction was approved by a majority
of our independent and disinterested directors. Despite our agreement to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm
or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions and is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm regarding
the fairness to our company from a financial point of view of a business combination with one or more domestic or international businesses
affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers, directors or initial shareholders, potential conflicts of interest still may exist and,
as a result, the terms of the business combination may not be as advantageous to our public shareholders as they would be absent any conflicts
of interest. 

Our management may not be able to maintain control of a
target business after our initial business combination. Upon the loss of control of a target business, new management may not possess
the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably operate such business. 

We may structure our initial business combination so that the post-business
combination company in which our public shareholders own shares will own less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target
business, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-business combination company owns or acquires 50 or more of
the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target business sufficient for us
not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. We will not consider any transaction that does
not meet such criteria. Even if the post-business combination company owns 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our shareholders
prior to our initial business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-business combination company, depending
on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue
a substantial number of new Class A ordinary shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock, shares or other equity interests
of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number
of new Class A ordinary shares, our shareholders immediately prior to such transaction could own less than a majority of our outstanding
Class A ordinary shares subsequent to such transaction. In addition, other minority shareholders may subsequently combine their holdings
resulting in a single person or group obtaining a larger share of the company s shares than we initially acquired. Accordingly,
this may make it more likely that our management will not be able to maintain control of the target business. 

Since our sponsor, executive officers and directors will
lose their entire investment in us if our initial business combination is not completed (other than with respect to public shares they
may have acquired during or may acquire after our initial public offering), a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a
particular business combination target is appropriate for our initial business combination. 

On January 11, 2021, our sponsor paid 25,000, or approximately 0.002
per share, to cover certain expenses on our behalf in consideration of 11,500,000 Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001. Prior to
the initial investment in the company of 25,000 by the sponsor, the company had no assets, tangible or intangible. In March 2021 and
March 2022, our sponsor transferred 25,000 Class B ordinary shares to each of our independent directors. Because the underwriters of our
initial public offering did not exercise their over-allotment option to purchase additional shares, on April 23, 2021, our sponsor forfeited
1,687,500 Class B ordinary shares. On March 8, 2023, all such Class B ordinary shares were converted into Class A ordinary shares on a
one-for-one basis. The per share price of the founder shares was determined by dividing the amount contributed to the company by the number
of founder shares issued. The founder shares will be worthless if we do not complete an initial business combination. In addition, our
sponsor purchased an aggregate of 1,100,000 Class A ordinary shares, at a price of 10.00 per share 11,000,000 in the aggregate), in
a private placement that closed simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering and a private placement that closed simultaneously
with the underwriters partial exercise of their over-allotment option. If we do not consummate an initial business within 36 months
from the closing of our initial public offering or such earlier time as our board determines to be in our best interests, the private
placement shares will expire worthless. The personal and financial interests of our executive officers and directors may influence their
motivation in identifying and selecting a target business combination, completing an initial business combination and influencing the
operation of the business following the initial business combination. This risk may become more acute as the 36-month anniversary of the
closing of our initial public offering nears, which is the deadline for our consummation of an initial business combination. 

45 

Risks Associated with Acquiring and Operating a Business in Foreign
Countries 

If we pursue a target company with operations or opportunities
outside of the United States for our initial business combination, we may face additional burdens in connection with investigating, agreeing
to and completing such initial business combination, and if we effect such initial business combination, we would be subject to a variety
of additional risks that may negatively impact our operations. 

If we pursue a target company with operations or opportunities outside
of the United States for our initial business combination, we would be subject to risks associated with cross-border business combinations,
including in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing our initial business combination, conducting due diligence in a
foreign jurisdiction, having such transaction approved by any local governments, regulators or agencies and changes in the purchase price
based on fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. 

If we effect our initial business combination with such a company,
we would be subject to any special considerations or risks associated with companies operating in an international setting, including
any of the following: 

costs
and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations; 

rules
and regulations regarding currency redemption; 

complex
corporate withholding taxes on individuals; 

laws
governing the manner in which future business combinations may be effected; 

exchange
listing and/or delisting requirements; 

tariffs
and trade barriers; 

regulations
related to customs and import/export matters; 

local
or regional economic policies and market conditions; 

unexpected
changes in regulatory requirements; 

longer
payment cycles; 

tax
issues, such as tax law changes and variations in tax laws as compared to the United States; 

currency
fluctuations and exchange controls; 

rates
of inflation; 

challenges
in collecting accounts receivable; 

cultural
and language differences; 

employment
regulations; 

underdeveloped
or unpredictable legal or regulatory systems; 

46 

corruption; 

protection
of intellectual property; 

social
unrest, crime, strikes, riots and civil disturbances; 

regime
changes and political upheaval; 

terrorist
attacks, natural disasters and wars; and 

deterioratio n
of political relations with the United States. 

We may not be able to adequately address these additional risks. If
we were unable to do so, we may be unable to complete such initial business combination, or, if we complete such combination, our operations
might suffer, either of which may adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

If our management following our initial business combination
is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar with such laws, which could
lead to various regulatory issues. 

Following our initial business combination, our management may resign
from their positions as officers or directors of the company and the management of the target business at the time of the business combination
will remain in place. Management of the target business may not be familiar with United States securities laws. If new management is unfamiliar
with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar with such laws. This could be expensive
and time-consuming and could lead to various regulatory issues which may adversely affect our operations. 

After our initial business combination, substantially all
of our assets may be located in a foreign country and substantially all of our revenue may be derived from our operations in any such
country. Accordingly, our results of operations and prospects will be subject, to a significant extent, to the economic, political and
social conditions and government policies, developments and conditions in the country in which we operate. 

The economic, political and social conditions, as well as government
policies, of the country in which our operations are located could affect our business. Economic growth could be uneven, both geographically
and among various sectors of the economy and such growth may not be sustained in the future. If in the future such country s economy
experiences a downturn or grows at a slower rate than expected, there may be less demand for spending in certain industries. A decrease
in demand for spending in certain industries could materially and adversely affect our ability to find an attractive target business with
which to consummate our initial business combination and if we effect our initial business combination, the ability of that target business
to become profitable. 

Exchange rate fluctuations and currency policies may cause
a target business ability to succeed in the international markets to be diminished. 

In the event we acquire a non-U.S. target, all revenues and income
would likely be received in a foreign currency, and the dollar equivalent of our net assets and distributions, if any, could be adversely
affected by reductions in the value of the local currency. The value of the currencies in our target regions fluctuate and are affected
by, among other things, changes in political and economic conditions. Any change in the relative value of such currency against our reporting
currency may affect the attractiveness of any target business or, following consummation of our initial business combination, our financial
condition and results of operations. Additionally, if a currency appreciates in value against the dollar prior to the consummation of
our initial business combination, the cost of a target business as measured in dollars will increase, which may make it less likely that
we are able to consummate such transaction. 

47 

We may reincorporate in another jurisdiction in connection
with our initial business combination, and the laws of such jurisdiction may govern some or all of our future material agreements and
we may not be able to enforce our legal rights. 

In connection with our initial business combination, we may relocate
the home jurisdiction of our business from the Cayman Islands to another jurisdiction. If we determine to do this, the laws of such jurisdiction
may govern some or all of our future material agreements. The system of laws and the enforcement of existing laws in such jurisdiction
may not be as certain in implementation and interpretation as in the United States. The inability to enforce or obtain a remedy under
any of our future agreements could result in a significant loss of business, business opportunities or capital. 

We are subject to changing law and regulations regarding
regulatory matters, corporate governance and public disclosure that have increased both our costs and the risk of non-compliance. 

We are subject to rules and regulations by various governing
bodies, including, for example, the SEC, which are charged with the protection of investors and the oversight of companies whose
securities are publicly traded, and to new and evolving regulatory measures under applicable law. Our efforts to comply with new and
changing laws and regulations have resulted in and are likely to continue to result in, increased general and administrative
expenses and a diversion of management time and attention from seeking a business combination target. 

Moreover, because these laws, regulations and standards are subject
to varying interpretations, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance becomes available. This evolution may result
in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and additional costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to our disclosure and governance
practices. If we fail to address and comply with these regulations and any subsequent changes, we may be subject to penalty and our business
may be harmed. 

General Risk Factors 

Past performance by our management team or their respective
affiliates may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us. 

Information regarding performance is presented for informational purposes
only. Any past experience or performance of our management team and their respective affiliates is not a guarantee of either (i) our ability
to successfully identify and execute a transaction or (ii) success with respect to any business combination that we may consummate. You
should not rely on the historical record of our management team or their respective affiliates as indicative of the future performance
of an investment in us or the returns we will, or are likely to, generate going forward. 

Cyber incidents or attacks directed at us could result
in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial loss. 

We depend on digital technologies, including information systems, infrastructure
and cloud applications and services, including those of third parties with which we may deal. Sophisticated and deliberate attacks on,
or security breaches in, our systems or infrastructure, or the systems or infrastructure of third parties or the cloud, could lead to
corruption or misappropriation of our assets, proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data. As an early stage company without
significant investments in data security protection, we may not be sufficiently protected against such occurrences. We may not have sufficient
resources to adequately protect against, or to investigate and remediate any vulnerability to, cyber incidents. It is possible that any
of these occurrences, or a combination of them, could have adverse consequences on our business and lead to financial loss. 

48 

We are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting
company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure requirements available
to emerging growth companies or smaller reporting companies, this could make our securities less attractive
to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies. 

We are an emerging growth company within the meaning
of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements
that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not
being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations
regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding
advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. As a result,
our shareholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important. We could be an emerging growth company for up to
five years, although circumstances could cause us to lose that status earlier, including if the market value of our Class A ordinary shares
held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700 million as of any June 30 before that time, in which case we would no longer be an emerging
growth company as of the following December 31. We cannot predict whether investors will find our securities less attractive because we
will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result of our reliance on these exemptions,
the trading prices of our securities may be lower than they otherwise would be, there may be a less active trading market for our securities
and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth
companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that
have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange
Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to
opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such an
election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when a standard
is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt
the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial
statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out
of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used. 

Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined
in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including,
among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last
day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 250 million as of
the prior June 30, and (2) our annual revenues equaled or exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year or the market value
of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30. To the extent we take advantage
of such reduced disclosure obligations, it may also make comparison of our financial statements with other public companies difficult
or impossible. 

Because we are incorporated under the laws of the Cayman
Islands, you may face difficulties in protecting your interests, and your ability to protect your rights through the U.S. federal courts
may be limited. 

We are an exempted company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman
Islands. As a result, it may be difficult for investors to effect service of process within the United States upon our directors or executive
officers, or enforce judgments obtained in the United States courts against our directors or officers. 

49 

Our corporate affairs and the rights of shareholders are governed by
our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, the Companies Act (as the same may be supplemented or amended from time
to time) and the common law of the Cayman Islands. We are also subject to the federal securities laws of the United States. The rights
of shareholders to take action against the directors, actions by minority shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors
to us under Cayman Islands law are to a large extent governed by the common law of the Cayman Islands. The common law of the Cayman Islands
is derived in part from comparatively limited judicial precedent in the Cayman Islands as well as from English common law, the decisions
of whose courts are of persuasive authority, but are not binding on a court in the Cayman Islands. The rights of our shareholders and
the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors under Cayman Islands law are different from what they would be under statutes or judicial
precedent in some jurisdictions in the United States. In particular, the Cayman Islands has a different body of securities laws as compared
to the United States, and certain states, such as Delaware, may have more fully developed and judicially interpreted bodies of corporate
law. In addition, Cayman Islands companies may not have standing to initiate a shareholders derivative action in a Federal court of the
United States. 

We have been advised by Walkers, our Cayman Islands legal counsel,
that the courts of the Cayman Islands are unlikely (i) to recognize or enforce against us judgments of courts of the United States predicated
upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state; and (ii) in original actions brought
in the Cayman Islands, to impose liabilities against us predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws
of the United States or any state, so far as the liabilities imposed by those provisions are penal in nature. In those circumstances,
although there is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman Islands of judgments obtained in the United States, the courts of the Cayman
Islands will recognize and enforce a foreign money judgment of a foreign court of competent jurisdiction without retrial on the merits
based on the principle that a judgment of a competent foreign court imposes upon the judgment debtor an obligation to pay the sum for
which judgment has been given provided certain conditions are met. For a foreign judgment to be enforced in the Cayman Islands, such judgment
must be final and conclusive and for a liquidated sum, and must not be in respect of taxes or a fine or penalty, inconsistent with a Cayman
Islands judgment in respect of the same matter, impeachable on the grounds of fraud or obtained in a manner, or be of a kind the enforcement
of which is, contrary to natural justice or the public policy of the Cayman Islands (awards of punitive or multiple damages may well be
held to be contrary to public policy). A Cayman Islands Court may stay enforcement proceedings if concurrent proceedings are being brought
elsewhere. 

As a result of all of the above, public shareholders may have more
difficulty in protecting their interests in the face of actions taken by management, members of the board of directors or controlling
shareholders than they would as public shareholders of a United States company. 

Since only holders of our founder shares will have the
right to vote on the appointment and removal of directors, upon the listing of our shares on the Nasdaq, the Nasdaq may consider us to
be a controlled company within the meaning of the Nasdaq rules and, as a result, we may qualify for exemptions from certain
corporate governance requirements. 

After completion of our initial public offering, only holders of our
founder shares will have the right to vote on the appointment and removal of directors. As a result, the Nasdaq may consider us to be
a controlled company within the meaning of the Nasdaq corporate governance standards. Under the Nasdaq corporate governance
standards, a company of which more than 50 of the voting power is held by an individual, group or another company is a controlled
company and may elect not to comply with certain corporate governance requirements, including the requirements that: 

we
have a board that includes a majority of independent directors, as defined under the rules of the Nasdaq; 

we
have a compensation committee of our board that is comprised entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the
committee s purpose and responsibilities; and 

we
have a nominating and corporate governance committee of our board that is comprised entirely of independent directors with a written
charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities. 

We do not intend to utilize these exemptions and intend to comply with
the corporate governance requirements of the Nasdaq, subject to applicable phase-in rules. However, if we determine in the future to utilize
some or all of these exemptions, you will not have the same protections afforded to shareholders of companies that are subject to all
of the Nasdaq corporate governance requirements. 

50 

We may be a passive foreign investment company, or PFIC, 
which could result in adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences to U.S. investors. 

If we are a PFIC for any taxable year (or portion thereof) that is
included in the holding period of beneficial owner of our Class A ordinary shares who or that is (i) an individual who is a citizen or
resident of the United States as determined for U.S. federal income tax purposes, (ii) a corporation (or other entity taxable as a corporation
for U.S. federal income tax purposes) organized in or under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia,
(iii) an estate whose income is subject to U.S. federal income tax regardless of its source, or (iv) a trust, if (a) a court within the
United States is able to exercise primary supervision over the administration of the trust and one or more U.S. persons (as defined in
the Code) have authority to control all substantial decisions of the trust or (b) it has a valid election in effect under Treasury Regulations
to be treated as a U.S. person (a U.S. Holder ), such U.S. Holder may be subject to certain adverse U.S. federal income tax
consequences and may be subject to additional reporting requirements. Our actual PFIC status for any taxable year, however, will not be
determinable until after the end of such taxable year (and if the start-up exception applies, potentially not until after the two taxable
years following the first taxable year we have gross income). Depending on the particular circumstances the application of the start-up
exception may be subject to uncertainty, and there cannot be any assurance that we will qualify for the start-up exception. Accordingly,
there can be no assurances with respect to our status as a PFIC for our current taxable year or any subsequent taxable year. Our actual
PFIC status for any taxable year, however, will not be determinable until after the end of such taxable year. Moreover, if we determine
we are a PFIC for any taxable year, upon written request, we will endeavor to provide to a U.S. Holder such information as the Internal
Revenue Service may require, including a PFIC Annual Information Statement, in order to enable the U.S. Holder to make and maintain a
 qualified electing fund election, but there can be no assurance that we will timely provide such required information. We
urge U.S. investors to consult their tax advisors regarding the possible application of the PFIC rules. 

Our proximity to our liquidation date expresses substantial
doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

In connection with the Company s assessment of going concern
considerations in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board s FASB Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, management has determined
that mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going
concern. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should the Company be required to liquidate after
March 12, 2024. The financial statements do not include any adjustment that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as
a going concern. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

Our executive offices are located at One Market Street, Steuart Tower,
23rd Floor, San Francisco, California 94105 and our telephone number is (415) 293-5000. The cost for our use of this space is included
in the 10,000 per month fee we pay to an affiliate of our sponsor for office space, secretarial and administrative services. We consider
our current office space adequate for our current operations. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

To the knowledge of our management, there is no litigation currently
pending or contemplated against us, any of our officers or directors in their capacity as such or against any of our property. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

51 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

(a) Market Information 

Our Class A ordinary shares are each traded on the NASDAQ under the
symbol VAQC . Our Class A ordinary shares commenced public trading on March 10, 2021. 

(b) Holders 

On March 9, 2023, there were five holders of record for our Class A
ordinary shares. 

(c) Dividends 

We have not paid any cash dividends on our ordinary shares to date
and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of an initial business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the
future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial conditions subsequent to completion
of an initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to an initial business combination will be within the
discretion of our board of directors at such time. In addition, our board of directors is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate
declaring any share dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any indebtedness, our ability to declare dividends may be
limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. 

(d) Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation
Plans 

None. 

(e) Performance Graph 

Not applicable. 

(f) Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use of Proceeds from
Registered Offerings 

Unregistered Sales 

On January 11, 2021, the sponsor paid 25,000, or approximately 0.002
per share, to cover certain expenses on our behalf in consideration of 11,500,000 Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001. In March
2021, our sponsor transferred 25,000 Class B ordinary shares to each of our independent directors. On March 9, 2021, we effected a share
capitalization pursuant to which we issued 1,437,500 additional Class B ordinary shares, resulting in our initial shareholders holding
12,937,500 Class B ordinary shares. On March 12, 2021, we consummated our initial public offering of 45,000,000 Class A ordinary shares,
generating total gross proceeds of 450,000,000. Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. and BofA Securities, Inc. acted as the joint book-running
managers. Simultaneously with the consummation of our initial public offering, we consummated a private placement of 1,100,000 private
placement shares to our sponsor at a price of 10.00 per private placement share, generating total proceeds of 11,000,000. Such securities
were issued pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. On April 23, 2021, 1,687,500
founder shares were automatically surrendered to the issuer for no consideration, triggered by the underwriters election not to
exercise their option to purchase additional Class A ordinary shares. In March 2022, we transferred an additional 25,000 Class B ordinary
shares to our third independent director. All of this resulted in our sponsor holding 11,175,000 Class B ordinary shares and each of our
independent directors holding 25,000 Class B ordinary shares. Such securities were issued in connection with our organization pursuant
to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. The total number of Class B ordinary shares outstanding
after our initial public offering and the expiration of the underwriters option to purchase additional Class A ordinary shares
equalled 20 of the total number of Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares outstanding at such time. On March 8, 2023, the
sponsor and each of the independent directors elected to convert their Class B ordinary shares into Class A ordinary shares on a one-for-one
basis as permitted by the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. 

52 

Our sponsor is an accredited investor for purposes of Rule 501 of Regulation
D. Each of the equity holders in our sponsor is an accredited investor under Rule 501 of Regulation D. The sole business of our sponsor
is to act as the company s sponsor in connection with our initial public offering. 

The private placement shares are identical to the Class A ordinary
shares sold in our initial public offering. If we do not consummate an initial business combination within 36 months from the closing
of this offering or such earlier date as is determined by our board of directors to be in the best interests of the Company, the private
placement shares will be worthless. 

No underwriting discounts or commissions were paid with respect to
such sales. 

Use of Proceeds 

Of the gross proceeds received from our initial public offering including
the partial exercise of the option to purchase additional Class A ordinary shares, and the sale of the private placement shares, 450,000,000
was placed in the trust account. 

We paid a total of 9,000,000 in underwriting discounts and commissions
and 647,963 for other offering costs related to the initial public offering. In addition, the underwriters agreed to defer 15,750,000
in underwriting discounts and commissions. 

We paid a total of 419,974,456.06 of the proceeds of the trust account
for distribution to the shareholders that requested redemption of their shares in connection with the Extension. As a result, as of March
9, 2023, approximately 39,927,972.50 remains in the trust account. 

There has been no material change in the planned use of the proceeds
from the initial public offering and the sale of the private placement shares as is described in the final prospectus relating to our
initial public offering. 

(g) Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated
Purchasers 

None. 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 

53 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial
condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited financial statements and the notes related thereto
which are included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Certain information
contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially
from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including those set forth under Special
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements, Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Overview 

We are a blank check company incorporated on January 5, 2021 as a Cayman
Islands exempted company for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar
business combination with one or more businesses or entities. We have not selected any business combination target and we have not, nor
has anyone on our behalf, initiated any substantive discussions, directly or indirectly, with any business combination target. We intend
to effectuate our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private
placement shares (as defined below), our shares, debt or a combination of cash, equity and debt. 

We expect to continue to incur significant costs in the pursuit of
our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to complete a business combination will be successful. 

Results of Operations 

We have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenues
to date. Our only activities from inception through December 31, 2022 were organizational activities, those necessary to prepare for the
initial public offering, described below, and, after the initial public offering, identifying a target company for a business combination.
We do not expect to generate any operating revenues until after the completion of our business combination. We generate non-operating income
in the form of interest income on investments held in the trust account. We incur expenses as a result of being a public company (for
legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses in connection with completing a
business combination. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had a net income of 5,799,872,
which consists of interest income on investments held in the trust account of 6,491,218 offset by general and administrative expenses
of 691,346. For the period from January 5, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, we had a net loss of 977,239, which consists
of general and administrative expenses of 1,013,555, offset by interest income on investments held in the trust account of 36,316. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

On March 12, 2021, we consummated the initial public offering of 45,000,000
Class A ordinary shares, at 10.00 per Public Share, generating gross proceeds of 450,000,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the
Initial Public Offering, we consummated a private placement with our Sponsor of 1,100,000 Class A ordinary shares at a price of 10.00
per share, generating gross proceeds of 11,000,000 (the private placement shares ). 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, cash used in operating activities
was 419,248. Net income of 5,799,872 was affected by interest earned on investments held in the trust account of 6,491,218. Changes
in operating assets and liabilities provided 272,098 of cash for operating activities. 

For the period from January 5, 2021 (inception) through December 31,
2021, cash used in operating activities was 1,144,887. Net loss of 977,239 was affected by interest earned on investments held in the
trust account of 36,316 and formation cost of 5,000. Changes in operating assets and liabilities used 136,332 of cash for operating
activities. 

As of December 31, 2022, we had investments held in the trust account
of 456,527,534 (including 6,527,534 of interest income in the aggregate). As of March 9, 2023, after the Extension was approved at our
annual general meeting, 419,974,456 was distributed from the trust account for distributions to shareholders that requested redemption
of their Class A ordinary shares, leaving a balance of 39,927,973 in the trust account. We may withdraw interest from the trust account
to pay taxes, if any. We intend to use substantially all of the funds held in the Trust Account, including any amounts representing interest
earned on the trust account (less income taxes payable), to complete our Business Combination. To the extent that our share capital or
debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete our Business Combination, the remaining proceeds held in the trust account
will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our
growth strategies. 

54 

As of December 31, 2022, we had cash of 107,902 held outside of the
trust account. We intend to use the funds held outside the trust account primarily to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform
business due diligence on prospective target businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target
businesses or their representatives or owners, review corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, and
structure, negotiate and complete a Business Combination. 

In order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction
costs in connection with a business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may,
but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. On March 18, 2022, we entered into a working capital loan agreement with our
sponsor, pursuant to which we may borrow up to 300,000, for ongoing business expenses. As of December 31, 2022, we had 300,000 outstanding
borrowings under the working capital loan agreement. On March 23, 2023, we entered into a working capital loan agreement with our sponsor,
pursuant to which we may borrow up to 500,000, for ongoing business expenses. As of the date of this annual report, we had 250,000 of
outstanding borrowings under the working capital loan agreement. If we complete a business combination, we may repay such loaned amounts
out of the proceeds of the trust account released to us. In the event that a business combination does not close, we may use a portion
of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts, but no proceeds from our trust account would be used
for such repayment. If we complete a business combination, we may repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the trust account released
to us. In the event that a business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account
to repay such loaned amounts, but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. 

We do not believe we will need to raise additional funds in order to
meet the expenditures required for operating our business. However, if our estimate of the costs of identifying a target business, undertaking
in-depth due diligence and negotiating a business combination are less than the actual amount necessary to do so, we may have insufficient
funds available to operate our business prior to our business combination. Moreover, we may need to obtain additional financing either
to complete our business combination or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our public shares upon consummation
of our business combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such business combination. 

Going Concern 

Although we have a working capital deficit of 327,864 as of December
31, 2022, the Working Capital Loan will provide sufficient capital up to 1,500,000, if necessary, to help sustain operations for one
year from the issuance date of the financial statements, or until the completion of the Business Combination. 300,000 was outstanding
on the Working Capital Loan as of December 31, 2022, leaving a capacity of 1,200,000. On March 23, 2023, we entered into a working capital
loan agreement with our sponsor, pursuant to which we may borrow up to 500,000, for ongoing business expenses. As of the date of this
annual report, we had 250,000 of outstanding borrowings under the working capital loan agreement. If we complete a business combination,
we may repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the trust account released to us. In the event that a business combination does
not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts, but no proceeds from
our trust account would be used for such repayment. In connection with our assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with
FASB ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, we have determined
that the date for mandatory liquidation and dissolution raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern through
March 12, 2024, our scheduled liquidation date if we do not complete a business combination prior to such date (unless our board of directors
determines that it is in our best interests to liquidate at an earlier date). We intend to complete a Business Combination by March
12, 2024, but cannot guarantee such event. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We have no obligations, assets or liabilities, which would be considered
off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2022. We do not participate in transactions that create relationships with unconsolidated
entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which would have been established for the purpose
of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered into any off-balance sheet financing arrangements, established any
special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or purchased any non-financial assets. 

Contractual Obligations 

We do not have any long-term debt, capital lease obligations, operating
lease obligations or long-term liabilities, other than an agreement to pay an affiliate of our Sponsor a monthly fee of 10,000 for office
space, administrative and support services. We began incurring these fees on March 9, 2021 and will continue to incur these fees monthly
until the earlier of the completion of the business combination and our liquidation. 

The underwriters are entitled to a deferred fee of 0.35 per Public
Share, or 15,750,000 in the aggregate. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the trust account
solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

55 

Critical Accounting Estimates 

The preparation of the financial statements and related disclosures
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and
assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of
the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates.
We have not identified any critical accounting estimates. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not required for smaller reporting companies. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

This information appears following Item 15 of this Report and is included
herein by reference. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls are procedures that are designed with the objective
of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act, such as this Report, is recorded, processed,
summarized, and reported within the time period specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls are also designed with
the objective of ensuring that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including the chief executive officer
and chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Our management evaluated, with the
participation of our current chief executive officer and chief financial officer (our Certifying Officers ), the effectiveness
of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022, pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) under the Exchange Act. Based upon
that evaluation, our Certifying Officers concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 

56 

We do not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures will prevent
all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only
reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures are met. Further, the design of disclosure
controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits must be considered relative to their
costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure controls and procedures, no evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures
can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all our control deficiencies and instances of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure
controls and procedures also is based partly on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance
that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. 

Management s Report on Internal Controls
Over Financial Reporting 

As required by SEC rules and regulations implementing Section 404 of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting.
Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of our consolidated financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP. Our internal control
over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

(1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable
detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of our company, 

(2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded
as necessary to permit preparation of consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures
are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors, and 

(3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely
detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the consolidated financial
statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial
reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our consolidated financial statements. Also, projections of any evaluation
of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that
the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control
over financial reporting at December 31, 2022. In making these assessments, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). Based on our assessments
and those criteria, management determined that we maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report
of our independent registered public accounting firm due to our status as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting
during the most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control
over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTION. 

Not applicable. 

57 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Directors and Executive Officers 

As of the date of this Report, our directors and officers are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Alex Slusky 
 
 55 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 
 
 David Fishman 
 
 52 
 
 President 
 
 David Baylor 
 
 63 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 John Herr 
 
 56 
 
 Director 
 
 David Kennedy 
 
 53 
 
 Director 
 
 Patrick Nichols 
 
 47 
 
 Director 

Alex Slusky , our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, founded
Vector Capital in 1997 and has more than 25 years of investing and operating experience in technology companies. Mr. Slusky also previously
served as Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Vector I, a special purpose acquisition that completed its initial business combination
with Rocket Lab in 2021. Mr. Slusky currently serves on the Board of Directors of Rocket Lab. He has deep technical experience in both
private and public technology companies and has successfully invested across multiple market cycles including the 1998-2000 Internet bubble
and the 2008-2009 financial crisis. Prior to founding Vector Capital, Mr. Slusky led the technology equity practice at Ziff Brothers Investments,
managing a portfolio of public and private technology investments which later became Vector Capital I. Prior to Ziff, Mr. Slusky spent
three years at New Enterprise Associates (NEA), where he focused on venture investments in software, communications, and digital media.
Mr. Slusky began his career at Microsoft and McKinsey Company. 

We believe Mr. Slusky s significant investment and business management
experience and deep technical experience in technology companies make him well qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors. 

David Fishman , our President, joined Vector Capital in 2006
and has more than 20 years of investing and transactional experience in technology companies. Mr. Fishman also previously served on the
Board of Directors of Vector I, a special purpose acquisition that completed its initial business combination with Rocket Lab in 2021.
Prior to joining Vector, Mr. Fishman spent ten years at Goldman Sachs, where he was a Managing Director in the Mergers and Acquisitions
division and focused on technology and media transactions. Mr. Fishman has extensive transaction expertise, having consummated approximately
30 mergers and acquisitions during his tenure at Goldman Sachs, worth an aggregate value of 110 billion, including transactions involving
Microsoft, eBay, Adobe, IBM, Oracle, and PeopleSoft. 

David Baylor , our Chief Financial Officer, joined Vector Capital
in 2008 and has more than 30 years of operating experience, including as a senior executive at a publicly traded company. Mr. Baylor also
previously served as the Chief Financial Officer of Vector I, a special purpose acquisition that completed its initial business combination
with Rocket Lab in 2021. Prior to joining Vector, Mr. Baylor was the Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer at Thomas Weisel
Partners where he was a member of the Executive Committee. Prior to Thomas Weisel Partners, Mr. Baylor was a Managing Director with Montgomery
Securities, a securities attorney with Howard, Rice, Nemerovski, Canady, Falk Rabkin, and a certified public accountant with Deloitte
 Touche. 

John Herr , our director, is a seasoned technology executive
with more than 25 years of experience in the cloud, consumer internet, e-commerce, new media, and financial services sectors, and has
an exceptional track record of scaling technology businesses into large enterprises. Mr. Herr previously served on the Board of Directors
of Vector I, a special purpose acquisition that completed its initial business combination with Rocket Lab in 2021. Mr. Herr currently
serves as a professional director and previously served as Chief Executive Officer of Avetta from March 2015 to October 2019 and under
his leadership, the company experienced significant revenue growth and transformed from break-even to highly profitable. Prior to Avetta,
Mr. Herr served as CEO of Adaptive Insights, where he was responsible for meaningful revenue growth during his four-year tenure. Adaptive
was ultimately sold to Workday for over 1.5 billion. Mr. Herr has also held executive roles at EZ Shield, eBay, PayPal, and Buy.com.
He currently serves on the Board of Directors of Planful, a Vector Capital portfolio company, and WineAccess.com. 

58 

David Kennedy , our director, is the co-founder and a Partner
at Serent Capital, a San Francisco-based lower-middle market private equity firm focused on service and technology businesses. During
his 12-year tenure at Serent Capital, Mr. Kennedy has built a successful track record investing in high growth technology companies. Prior
to co-founding Serent Capital in 2008, Mr. Kennedy was President and Chairman of ServiceSource (NASDAQ: SREV), a Business Process Outsourcing
software company that served many of the world s leading technology companies. Under Mr. Kennedy s leadership, ServiceSource
grew revenues, profits, and employees and oversaw strong shareholder returns. Mr. Kennedy previously served on the Board of Directors
of Vector I, a special purpose acquisition that completed its initial business combination with Rocket Lab in 2021. Previously, Mr. Kennedy
was a consultant at McKinsey Company in London, Dublin, and San Francisco, and an Operations Manager at HJ Heinz in Central 
Eastern Europe. 

Patrick Nichols , our director, has been Chief Executive Officer
of Quest Software since April 2020. Prior to joining Quest Software, Mr. Nichols was Chief Executive Officer of Corel Corporation from
2014 to 2020. Mr. Nichols was a member of the board of directors of CloudSense from December 2017 to May 2020. Mr. Nichols obtained a
B.S. in Computer Science from Cornell University. 

Number and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors 

Our board of directors is divided into three classes, with only one
class of directors being elected in each year, and with each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual meeting
of shareholders) serving a three-year term. In accordance with the Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold
a general meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on the Nasdaq. The term of office of the first
class of directors, consisting of Mr. Kennedy, will expire at our first annual meeting of shareholders; however, Mr. Kennedy was re-appointed
as a Class I director at our 2023 annual general meeting to serve until the 2026 annual general meeting and until his successor is appointed
and qualified. The term of office of the second class of directors, consisting of Mr. Herr, will expire at our second annual meeting of
shareholders. The term of office of the third class of directors, consisting of Mr. Slusky and Mr. Nichols, will expire at our third annual
meeting of shareholders. 

Prior to the completion of an initial business combination, any vacancy
on the board of directors may be filled by a nominee chosen by holders of a majority of our founder shares. In addition, prior to the
completion of an initial business combination, holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors
for any reason. 

Pursuant to a registration and shareholder rights agreement entered
into on or prior to the closing of our initial public offering, our sponsor, upon and following consummation of an initial business combination,
will be entitled to nominate three individuals for appointment to our board of directors, as long as the sponsor holds any securities
covered by the registration and shareholder rights agreement. 

Our officers are appointed by the board of directors and serve at the
discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of directors is authorized to appoint persons
to the offices set forth in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association as it deems appropriate. Our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association provide that our officers may consist of one or more chairman of the board, chief executive officer,
president, chief financial officer, vice presidents, secretary, treasurer and such other offices as may be determined by the board of
directors. 

Director Independence 

Nasdaq listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors
be independent. Our board of directors has determined that Mr. Herr, Mr. Nichols and Mr. Kennedy are independent directors 
as defined in the Nasdaq listing standards. Our independent directors have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors
are present. 

59 

Committees of the Board of Directors 

Our board of directors has three standing committees: an audit committee,
a nominating committee and a compensation committee. Each committee operates under a charter that has been approved by our board and has
the composition and responsibilities described below. The charter of each committee is included as an exhibit to this Report. 

Audit Committee 

Mr. Herr, Mr. Kennedy and Mr. Nichols serve as members of our audit
committee. Our board of directors has determined that each of Mr. Herr, Mr. Nichols and Mr. Kennedy is independent under the Nasdaq listing
standards and applicable SEC rules. Mr. Herr serves as the Chairman of the audit committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable
SEC rules, we are required to have at least three members of the audit committee, all of whom must be independent. Because we listed our
securities on the Nasdaq in connection with our initial public offering, our audit committee must have one independent member at the time
of listing, a majority of independent members within 90 days of listing, and consist of all independent members within one year of listing.
Each member of the audit committee is financially literate and our board of directors has determined that Mr. Herr qualifies as an audit
committee financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules. 

The audit committee is responsible for: 

meeting
with our independent registered public accounting firm regarding, among other issues, audits, and adequacy of our accounting and control
systems; 

monitoring
the independence of the independent registered public accounting firm; 

verifying
the rotation of the lead (or coordinating) audit partner having primary responsibility for the audit and the audit partner responsible
for reviewing the audit as required by law; 

inquiring
and discussing with management our compliance with applicable laws and regulations; pre-approving all audit services and permitted non-audit
services to be performed by our independent registered public accounting firm, including the fees and terms of the services to be performed; 

appointing
or replacing the independent registered public accounting firm; 

determining
the compensation and oversight of the work of the independent registered public accounting firm (including resolution of disagreements
between management and the independent registered public accounting firm regarding financial reporting) for the purpose of preparing
or issuing an audit report or related work; 

establishing
procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received by us regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or
reports which raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies; 

monitoring
compliance on a quarterly basis with the terms of our initial public offering and, if any noncompliance is identified, immediately taking
all action necessary to rectify such noncompliance or otherwise causing compliance with the terms of our initial public offering; and 

reviewing
and approving all payments made to our existing shareholders, executive officers or directors and their respective affiliates. Any payments
made to members of our audit committee will be reviewed and approved by our board of directors, with the interested director or directors
abstaining from such review and approval. 

60 

Nominating Committee 

The members of our nominating committee are Mr. Herr, Mr. Kennedy and
Mr. Nichols, and Mr. Kennedy serves as chairman of the nominating committee. Under our charter, we are required to have a nominating committee
composed of at least three members, all of whom must be independent. Because we listed our securities on the Nasdaq in connection with
our initial public offering, our nominating committee must have one independent member at the time of listing, a majority of independent
members within 90 days of listing, and consist of all independent members within one year of listing. Our board of directors has determined
that each of Mr. Herr, Mr. Kennedy and Mr. Nichols is independent. 

The nominating committee is responsible for overseeing the selection
of persons to be nominated to serve on our board of directors. The nominating committee considers persons identified by its members, management,
shareholders, investment bankers and others. 

Guidelines for Selecting Director Nominees 

The guidelines for selecting nominees, which are specified in a charter
adopted by us, generally provide that persons to be nominated: 

should
have demonstrated notable or significant achievements in business, education or public service; 

should
possess the requisite intelligence, education and experience to make a significant contribution to the board of directors and bring a
range of skills, diverse perspectives and backgrounds to its deliberations; and 

should
have the highest ethical standards, a strong sense of professionalism and intense dedication to serving the interests of the shareholders. 

The nominating committee will consider a number of qualifications relating
to management and leadership experience, background and integrity and professionalism in evaluating a person s candidacy for membership
on the board of directors. The nominating committee may require certain skills or attributes, such as financial or accounting experience,
to meet specific board needs that arise from time to time and will also consider the overall experience and makeup of its members to obtain
a broad and diverse mix of board members. The nominating committee does not distinguish among nominees recommended by shareholders and
other persons. 

Compensation Committee 

The members of our compensation committee are Mr. Herr and Mr. Kennedy,
and Mr. Kennedy serves as chairman of the compensation committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards, we are required to have a compensation
committee composed entirely of independent directors. Our board of directors has determined that each of Mr. Herr and Mr. Kennedy is independent.
We adopted a compensation committee charter, which details the principal functions of the compensation committee, including: 

reviewing
and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our President s, Chief Financial Officer s
and Chief Operating Officer s, evaluating our President s, Chief Financial Officer s and Chief Operating Officer s
performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our President, Chief Financial
Officer and Chief Operating Officer based on such evaluation; 

reviewing
and approving the compensation of all of our other Section 16 executive officers; 

reviewing
our executive compensation policies and plans; 

implementing
and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; 

61 

assisting
management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; 

approving
all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our executive officers and
employees; 

producing
a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and 

reviewing,
evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 

The charter also provides that the compensation committee may, in its
sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, legal counsel or other adviser and is directly responsible
for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation
consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation committee will consider the independence of each such adviser,
including the factors required by the Nasdaq and the SEC. 

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 

None of our executive officers currently serves, and in the past year
has not served, as a member of the compensation committee of any entity that has one or more executive officers serving on our board of
directors. 

Code of Ethics 

We adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to our directors, officers and
employees. A copy of the Code of Ethics will be provided without charge upon request from us. We intend to disclose any amendments to
or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K. 

Conflicts of Interest 

Under Cayman Islands law, directors and officers owe the following
fiduciary duties: 

duty
to act in good faith in what the director or officer believes to be in the best interests of the company as a whole; 

duty
to exercise powers for the purposes for which those powers were conferred and not for a collateral purpose; 

directors
should not improperly fetter the exercise of future discretion; 

duty
to exercise powers fairly as between different sections of shareholders; 

duty
not to put themselves in a position in which there is a conflict between their duty to the company and their personal interests; and 

duty to exercise independent judgment. 

In addition to the above, directors also owe a duty of care which is
not fiduciary in nature. This duty has been defined as a requirement to act as a reasonably diligent person having both the general knowledge,
skill and experience that may reasonably be expected of a person carrying out the same functions as are carried out by that director in
relation to the company and the general knowledge skill and experience of that director. 

62 

As set out above, directors have a duty not to put themselves in a
position of conflict and this includes a duty not to engage in self-dealing, or to otherwise benefit as a result of their position. However,
in some instances what would otherwise be a breach of this duty can be forgiven and/or authorized in advance by the shareholders provided
that there is full disclosure by the directors. This can be done by way of permission granted in the amended and restated memorandum and
articles of association or alternatively by shareholder approval at shareholder meetings. 

Certain of our officers and directors presently have, and any of them
in the future may have additional, fiduciary and contractual duties to other entities. As a result, if any of our officers or directors
becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual
obligations, then, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law, he or she will need to honor such fiduciary or contractual
obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, before we can pursue such opportunity. If these other entities
decide to pursue any such opportunity, we may be precluded from pursuing the same. However, we do not expect these duties to materially
affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide
that we renounce our interest in any business combination opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly
offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of the company and it is an opportunity that we are able
to complete on a reasonable basis. 

Below is a table summarizing the entities to which our executive officers
and directors currently have fiduciary duties, contractual obligations or other material management relationships (in addition to those
with respect to our company): 

Individual 
 
 Entity 
 
 Entity s Business 
 
 Affiliation 
 
 Alex Slusky 
 
 Vector Capital and affiliates 
 
 Private Equity 
 
 Founder 

Rocket Lab 
 
 Aerospace 
 
 Director 

Cambium Networks 
 
 Wireless Broadband Solutions 
 
 Director 

WatchGuard Technologies 
 
 Network Security Solutions 
 
 Director 
 
 David Fishman 
 
 Vector Capital and affiliates 
 
 Private Equity 
 
 Officer 

Planful 
 
 Financial Planning Analysis Software 
 
 Director 
 
 David Baylor 
 
 Vector Capital and affiliates 
 
 Private Equity 
 
 Officer 
 
 John Herr 
 
 Planful 
 
 Financial Planning and Analysis Software 
 
 Director 

Wineaccess.com 
 
 Ecommerce 
 
 Director 

Arcoro 
 
 Construction Technology Software Company 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 David Kennedy 
 
 Serent Capital 
 
 Private Equity 
 
 Partner Emeritus 

1Life Healthcare,dba One Medical (NASDAQ:ONEM) 
 
 Healthcare Services 
 
 Director 

Axiom Medical 
 
 Healthcare Services 
 
 Director 

C2 Educational Systems 
 
 Education Services 
 
 Director 

Professional Health Network 
 
 Healthcare Services 
 
 Director 

Safety Services 
 
 Safety and Compliance Services 
 
 Director 

Senior Dental Care 
 
 Healthcare Services 
 
 Director 

United Allergy Services 
 
 Healthcare Services 
 
 Director 

USA Test Prep 
 
 Education Software 
 
 Director 

Employer Direct Healthcare 
 
 Healthcare 
 
 Director 
 
 Patrick Nichols 
 
 Quest Software 
 
 Information Technology 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 

63 

Potential investors should also be aware of the following other potential
conflicts of interest: 

Our
executive officers and directors are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict
of interest in allocating their time between our operations and our search for a business combination and their other businesses. We
do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Each of our executive officers
is engaged in several other business endeavors for which he may be entitled to substantial compensation, and our executive officers are
not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs. 

Our
sponsor subscribed for founder shares and purchased private placement shares in a transaction that closed simultaneously with the closing
of our initial public offering. 

Our sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into
an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public
shares held by them in connection with (i) the completion of our initial business combination and (ii) a shareholder vote to approve an
amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation
to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination
or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 36 months from the closing of our
initial public offering or such earlier date as is determined by our board of directors to be in the best interests of the Company or
(B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares or pre-initial business combination
activity. Additionally, our sponsor has agreed to waive its rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to
its founder shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. If we do not complete our
initial business combination within the prescribed time frame, the private placement shares will expire worthless. Except as described
herein, our sponsor and our directors and executive officers have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder shares until
the earliest of (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination and (B) subsequent to our initial business combination,
(x) if the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share
capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing
at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange or
other similar transaction that results in all of our public shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash,
securities or other property. Except as described herein, the private placement shares will not be transferable until 30 days following
the completion of our initial business combination. Because each of our executive officers and directors owns ordinary shares directly
or indirectly, they may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with
which to effectuate our initial business combination. 

Our
officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention
or resignation of any such officers and directors is included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our
initial business combination. In addition, our sponsor, officers and directors may sponsor, form or participate in other blank check
companies similar to ours during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. Any such companies may present additional
conflicts of interest in pursuing an acquisition target, particularly in the event there is overlap among investment mandates. 

We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination
with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination
with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor or any of our officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will
obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that
such initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion
in any other context. 

64 

Furthermore, in no event will our sponsor or any of our existing officers
or directors, or their respective affiliates, be paid by us any finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation prior to, or
for any services they render in order to effectuate, the completion of our initial business combination. Further, since the consummation
of our initial public offering, we reimburse an affiliate of our sponsor for office space, secretarial and administrative services provided
to us in the amount of 10,000 per month. 

We cannot assure you that any of the above mentioned conflicts will
be resolved in our favor. 

If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business
combination only if a majority of the ordinary shares, represented in person or by proxy and entitled to vote thereon, voted at a shareholder
meeting are voted in favor of the business combination. In such case, our sponsor and each member of our management team have agreed
to vote their founder shares and public shares in favor of our initial business combination. 

Limitation on Liability and Indemnification of Officers and Directors 

Cayman Islands law does not limit the extent to which a company s
memorandum and articles of association may provide for indemnification of officers and directors, except to the extent any such provision
may be held by the Cayman Islands courts to be contrary to public policy, such as to provide indemnification against willful default,
willful neglect, civil fraud or the consequences of committing a crime. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
provide for indemnification of our officers and directors to the maximum extent permitted by law, including for any liability incurred
in their capacities as such, except through their own actual fraud, willful default or willful neglect. We will enter into agreements
with our directors and officers to provide contractual indemnification in addition to the indemnification provided for in our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association. We expect to purchase a policy of directors and officers liability
insurance that insures our officers and directors against the cost of defense, settlement or payment of a judgment in some circumstances
and insures us against our obligations to indemnify our officers and directors. 

Our officers and directors have agreed to waive any right, title, interest
or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the trust account, and have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind
they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any services provided to us and will not seek recourse against the trust
account for any reason whatsoever (except to the extent they are entitled to funds from the trust account due to their ownership of public
shares). Accordingly, any indemnification provided will only be able to be satisfied by us if (i) we have sufficient funds outside of
the trust account or (ii) we consummate an initial business combination. 

Our indemnification obligations may discourage shareholders from bringing
a lawsuit against our officers or directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing
the likelihood of derivative litigation against our officers and directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise
benefit us and our shareholders. Furthermore, a shareholder s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs
of settlement and damage awards against our officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions. 

We believe that these provisions, the insurance and the indemnity agreements
are necessary to attract and retain talented and experienced officers and directors. 

65 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Officer and Director Compensation 

The following disclosure concerns the compensation of our executive
officers and directors for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 (i.e., pre-business combination). 

None of our executive officers or directors have received any cash
compensation for services rendered to us. Since the consummation of our initial public offering and until the earlier of our initial business
combination and our liquidation, we will reimburse an affiliate of our sponsor for office space, secretarial and administrative services
provided to us in the amount of 10,000 per month. In addition, our sponsor, executive officers and directors, or their respective affiliates
will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target
businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee reviews on a quarterly basis all payments
that were made by us to our sponsor, executive officers or directors, or their affiliates. Any such payments prior to an initial business
combination are made using funds held outside the trust account. Other than quarterly audit committee review of such reimbursements, we
do not expect to have any additional controls in place governing our reimbursement payments to our directors and executive officers for
their out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with our activities on our behalf in connection with identifying and consummating
an initial business combination. Other than these payments and reimbursements, no compensation of any kind, including finder s and
consulting fees, is paid by the company to our sponsor, executive officers and directors, or their respective affiliates, prior to completion
of our initial business combination. 

After the completion of our initial business combination, directors
or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting or management fees from the combined company. All of these
fees will be fully disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation materials or tender offer materials
furnished to our shareholders in connection with a proposed business combination. We have not established any limit on the amount of such
fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or members of management. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation
will be known at the time of the proposed business combination, because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible
for determining executive officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our executive officers will be determined,
or recommended to the board of directors for determination, either by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors
or by a majority of the independent directors on our board of directors. 

We do not intend to take any action to ensure that members of our management
team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of our initial business combination, although it is possible that some or
all of our executive officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements to remain with us after our initial business
combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements to retain their positions with us may influence
our management s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business but we do not believe that the ability of our management
to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business combination will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with
any potential business combination. We are not party to any agreements with our executive officers and directors that provide for benefits
upon termination of employment. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS 

The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial
ownership of our ordinary shares as of March 9, 2023 based on information obtained from the persons named below, with respect to the beneficial
ownership of our ordinary shares, by: 

each
person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding ordinary shares; 

each
of our executive officers and directors that beneficially owns our ordinary shares; and 

all our executive officers and directors as a group. 

66 

In the table below, percentage ownership is based on 16,256,826 Class
A ordinary shares outstanding as of March 9, 2023. 

Class A ordinary shares 
 Class B ordinary shares 
 Ordinary shares 
 
 Name of Beneficial Owners (1) 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned 
 Approximate Percentage of Class 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned 
 Approximate Percentage of Class 
 Approximate Percentage of Voting Control 
 
 Vector Acquisition Partners II,L.P. (our sponsor) (2) 
 12,275,000 
 75.5 

75.5 
 
 Alex Slusky (2) 
 12,275,000 
 75.5 

75.5 
 
 David Baylor 

David Fishman 

John Herr 
 25,000 
 0.1 

David Kennedy 
 25,000 
 0.1 

Patrick Nichols 
 25,000 
 0.1 

All officers and directors as a group (6 individuals) 
 12,350,000 
 76.0 

76.0 
 
 Alberta Investment Management Corporation 
 1,000,000 
 6.2 

6.2 

(1) Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of our shareholders is One Market Street, Steuart Tower, 23rd Floor, San Francisco,
CA 94105. 

(2) Includes Class A ordinary shares held directly by our sponsor, including
upon conversion of the prior Class B ordinary shares. Our sponsor is controlled by Vector Capital Partners V, Ltd. (the General
Partner ), its general partner, and this individual. Accordingly, all of the shares held by our sponsor may be deemed to be beneficially
held by the General Partner or this individual. The General Partner and this individual disclaim such beneficial ownership except to the
extent of any pecuniary interests therein, directly or indirectly. 

Our sponsor, officers and directors are deemed to be our promoter 
as such term is defined under the federal securities laws. 

Changes in Control 

None. 

67 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

On January 11, 2021, the Sponsor paid 25,000 to cover certain offering
and formation costs of the Company in consideration for 11,500,000 Class B founder shares. On March 9, 2021, the Company effected a share
capitalization pursuant to which the Company issued 1,437,500 additional Class B ordinary shares, resulting in the Company s initial
shareholders holding 12,937,500 Class B ordinary shares. The founder shares included an aggregate of up to 1,687,500 shares subject to
forfeiture depending on the extent to which the underwriters over-allotment option is exercised, so that the number of founder
shares will equal, on an as-converted basis, approximately 20 of the Company s issued and outstanding ordinary shares after the
Proposed Public Offering (excluding the private placement shares). On April 23, 2021, the underwriters over-allotment option pursuant
to the underwriting agreement to purchase up to 6,750,000 additional public shares expired without exercise and consequently 1,687,500
founder shares were forfeited for no consideration. Simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering, the Sponsor purchased
an aggregate of 1,100,000 private placement shares at a price of 10.00 per private placement share, for an aggregate purchase price of
 11,000,000. A portion of the proceeds from the private placement shares were added to the proceeds from the initial public offering held
in the trust account. If the Company does not complete a business combination within the Combination Period, the proceeds from the sale
of the private placement shares will be used to fund the redemption of the public shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law)
and the private placement shares will expire worthless. 

If any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination
opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations,
he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such opportunity to such entity. Our officers and directors
currently have certain relevant fiduciary duties or contractual obligations that may take priority over their duties to us. 

We currently maintain our executive offices at One Market Street, Steuart
Tower, 23rd Floor, San Francisco, CA 94105. The cost for our use of this space is included in the 10,000 per month fee we pay to an affiliate
of our sponsor for office space, administrative and support service. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. 

In order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended
initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated
to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete our initial business combination, we may repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds
of the trust account released to us. Otherwise, such loans would be repaid only out of funds held outside the trust account. In the event
that our initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay
such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used to repay such loaned amounts. Except as set forth above, the
terms of such loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. Prior to the completion
of our initial business combination, we do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor, its affiliates or our management
team as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access
to funds in our trust account. 

No compensation of any kind, including finder s and consulting
fees, is paid by the company to our sponsor, executive officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, prior to completion
of our initial business combination. However, these individuals will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection
with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations.
Our audit committee reviews on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or their affiliates
and will determine which expenses and the amount of expenses that will be reimbursed. There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement
of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our behalf. 

After the completion of our initial business combination, directors
or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting or management fees from the combined company. It is unlikely
the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of distribution of such tender offer materials or at the time of a shareholder
meeting held to consider our initial business combination, as applicable, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business
to determine executive and director compensation. 

We entered into a registration and shareholder rights agreement pursuant
to which our sponsor will be entitled to certain registration rights with respect to the private placement shares, the shares issuable
upon conversion of working capital loans (if any) and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the foregoing and upon conversion
of the founder shares, and, upon consummation of our initial business combination, to nominate three individuals for election to our board
of directors, as long as the sponsor holds any securities covered by the registration and shareholder rights agreement. 

68 

Policy for Approval of Related Party Transactions 

The audit committee of our board of directors operates pursuant to
a charter that provides for the review, approval and/or ratification of related party transactions, which are those transactions
required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K as promulgated by the SEC, by the audit committee. At its meetings, the
audit committee is provided with the details of each new, existing, or proposed related party transaction, including the terms of the
transaction, any contractual restrictions that the company has already committed to, the business purpose of the transaction, and the
benefits of the transaction to the company and to the relevant related party. Any member of the committee who has an interest in the related
party transaction under review by the committee shall abstain from voting on the approval of the related party transaction, but may, if
so requested by the chairman of the committee, participate in some or all of the committee s discussions of the related party transaction.
Upon completion of its review of the related party transaction, the committee may determine to permit or to prohibit the related party
transaction. 

Director Independence 

Nasdaq listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors
be independent. An independent director is defined generally as a person other than an officer or employee of the company
or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship with the company which in the opinion of the company s board of
directors, could interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director.
Our board of directors has determined that Mr. Herr, Mr. Nichols and Mr. Kennedy are independent directors as defined in
the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Our independent directors have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent
directors are present. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

The firm of WithumSmith+Brown, PC, or Withum, acts as our independent
registered public accounting firm. The following is a summary of fees paid to Withum for services rendered. 

Audit Fees . During the year ended December 31, 2022 and for
the period from January 5, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, fees for our independent registered public accounting firm were
approximately 78,250 and 132,095, respectively, for the services Withum performed in connection with our Initial Public Offering, review
of the financial information included in our Forms 10-Q for the respective periods and other required filings and the audit of our December
31, 2022 financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Audit-Related Fees. During the year ended December 31, 2022
and for the period from January 5, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, our independent registered public accounting firm did not
render assurance and related services related to the performance of the audit or review of financial statements. 

Tax Fees . During the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the
period from January 5, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, our independent registered public accounting firm did not render services
to us for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning. 

All Other Fees . During the year ended December 31, 2022 and
for the period from January 5, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, there were no fees billed for products and services provided
by our independent registered public accounting firm other than those set forth above. 

Pre-Approval Policy 

Our audit committee was formed upon the consummation of our Initial
Public Offering. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing services, although any services rendered prior
to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board of directors. Since the formation of our audit committee, and on a
going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve all auditing services and permitted non-audit services to be performed
for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in
the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit). 

69 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a) The following documents are filed as part of this Form 10-K: 

(1) Financial Statements: 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-2 
 
 Balance Sheets 
 F-3 
 
 Statements of Operations 
 F-4 
 
 Statements of Changes in Shareholders Deficit 
 F-5 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 F-7 

(2) Financial Statement Schedules: 

None. 

(3) Exhibits 

We hereby file as part of this Report the exhibits listed in the attached
Exhibit Index. Exhibits which are incorporated herein by reference can be inspected and copied at the public reference facilities maintained
by the SEC, 100 F Street, N.E., Room 1580, Washington, D.C. 20549. Copies of such material can also be obtained from the Public Reference
Section of the SEC, 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549, at prescribed rates or on the SEC website at www.sec.gov. 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (1) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Specimen Class A Ordinary Share Certificate (2) 
 
 4.2 
 
 Description of Registrant s Securities. 
 
 10.1 
 
 Private Placement Shares Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 9, 2021, between the Company and the Sponsor.(1) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Investment Management Trust Account Agreement, dated as of March 9, 2021, between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Company.(1) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Registration and Shareholder Rights Agreement, dated as of March 9, 2021, among the Company, the Sponsor and certain other equityholders named therein.(1) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated as of March 9, 2021, among the Company, the Sponsor and the Company s officers and directors.(1) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Administrative Services Agreement, dated as of March 9, 2021, between the Company and the Sponsor.(1) 
 
 10.6 
 
 Working Capital Loan Agreement, dated as of March 18, 2022, between the Company and the Sponsor. 
 
 10.7 
 
 Working Capital Loan Agreement, dated as of March 23, 2023, between the Company and the Sponsor. 
 
 10.8 
 
 Securities Subscription Agreement, dated January 11, 2021, between the Registrant and the Sponsor.(2) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a). 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a). 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350. 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350. 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Filed herewith. 

Previously filed as an exhibit to the Registrant s
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 and incorporated by reference herein. 

(1) Previously filed as an exhibit to our Current Report on Form
8-K filed with the SEC on March 12, 2021 and incorporated by reference herein. 

(2) Previously filed as an exhibit to Amendment No. 1 to our
Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on March 1, 2021 and incorporated by reference herein. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

Not applicable. 

70 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly
authorized. 

March 24, 2023 

VECTOR ACQUISITION CORPORATION II 

/s/ Alex Slusky 

Name: 
 Alex Slusky 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on
the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Position 
 
 Date 

/s/ Alex Slusky 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 
 
 March 24, 2023 
 
 Alex Slusky 
 
 Principal Executive Officer 

/s/ David Fishman 
 
 President 
 
 March 24, 2023 
 
 David Fishman 

/s/ David Baylor 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 March 24, 2023 
 
 David Baylor 
 
 Principal Financial and Accounting Officer 

/s/ John Herr 
 
 Director 
 
 March 24, 2023 
 
 John Herr 

/s/ Patrick Nichols 
 
 Director 
 
 March 24, 2023 
 
 Patrick Nichols 

/s/ David Kennedy 
 
 Director 
 
 March 24, 2023 
 
 David Kennedy 

[ Signature Page to Form 10-K ] 

71 

VECTOR ACQUISITION CORPORATION II 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-2 
 
 Financial Statements: 

Balance Sheets 
 F-3 
 
 Statements of Operations 
 F-4 
 
 Statements of Changes in Shareholders Deficit 
 F-5 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 F-7 to F-17 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of 

Vector Acquisition Corporation II 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Vector Acquisition
Corporation II (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related statements of operations, changes in shareholders 
deficit and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from January 5, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021,
and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present
fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations
and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from January 5, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021,
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that
the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, if the Company is unable to complete
a business combination by March 12, 2024, then the Company will cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating. The date for
mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern.
Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments
that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB.
Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are
free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an
audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal
control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control
over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company's auditor since
2021. 

, New York 

March 24, 2023 

PCAOB Number 

F- 2 

VECTOR ACQUISITION CORPORATION II 

BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses 

Total Current Assets 

Investments held in Trust Account 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Working capital loan 

Total Current Liabilities 

Deferred underwriting fee payable 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption; par value; shares at approximately and per share redemption value as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Shareholders Deficit 

Preference shares, par value; shares authorized; none issued and outstanding 

Class A ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding (excluding 45,000,000 shares subject to possible redemption) as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

Class B ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Shareholders Deficit 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

F- 3 

VECTOR ACQUISITION CORPORATION II 

STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the 
 Year Ended December 31, 
 For the period from January 5, 2021 (Inception) through December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Operating and formation costs 

Loss from operations 

Other income: 

Interest earned on investments held in Trust Account 

Total other income 

Net Income (Loss) 

Weighted average shares outstanding of Class A ordinary shares 

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share, Class A ordinary shares

Weighted average shares outstanding of Class B ordinary shares 

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share, Class B ordinary shares

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

F- 4 

VECTOR ACQUISITION CORPORATION II 

STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS 
DEFICIT 

Class A Ordinary Shares 
 Class B Ordinary Shares 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total Shareholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance January 5, 2021 (Inception) 

Issuance of Class B ordinary shares to Sponsor 

Sale of Private Placement Shares 

Forfeiture of Founder Shares 

Accretion for Class A ordinary shares to redemption amount 

Net loss 

Balance December 31, 2021 

Accretion for Class A ordinary shares to redemption amount 
 -- 
 -- 
 -- 
 -- 
 -- 

Net income 
 -- 
 -- 
 -- 
 -- 
 -- 

Balance December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

F- 5 

VECTOR ACQUISITION CORPORATION II 

STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the 
 Year Ended 
 December 31, 
 For the period from 
 January 5, 
2021 (Inception) through December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net income (loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash used in operating activities: 

Formation cost paid by Sponsor in exchange for issuance of founder shares 

Interest earned on investments held in Trust Account 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Investment of cash in Trust Account 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from sale of Units, net of underwriting discounts paid 

Proceeds from sale of Private Placement Shares 

Proceeds from working capital loan 

Proceeds from promissory note related party 

Repayment of promissory note related party 

Payment of offering costs 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net Change in Cash 

Cash Beginning of period 

Cash End of period 

Non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Offering costs paid by Sponsor in exchange for issuance of founder shares 

Deferred underwriting fee payable 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

F- 6 

VECTOR ACQUISITION CORPORATION II 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Class A ordinary shares (the Public Shares ), at per Public Share, generating gross proceeds of 
which is described in Note 3. 

private placement shares (the Private Placement Shares at
a price of per Private Placement Share in a private placement to Vector Acquisition Partners II, L.P. (the Sponsor ),
generating gross proceeds of , which is described in Note 4. 

, consisting
of of underwriting fees, of deferred underwriting fees and of other offering costs. 

per Public Share) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Public Shares in the Initial
Public Offering and a portion of the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Shares was placed in a trust account (the Trust
Account and invested in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company
Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), with a maturity of 185 days or less, or in any open-ended investment
company that holds itself out as a money market fund investing solely in U.S. Treasuries and meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7
of the Investment Company Act, as determined by the Company, until the earliest of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination
and (ii) the distribution of the funds in the Trust Account to the Company s shareholders, as described below. 

of the assets held in the Trust Account (excluding the amount of any deferred underwriting discount held in
the Trust Account and taxes payable on the income earned on the Trust Account). The Company will only complete a Business Combination
if the post-Business Combination company owns or acquires or more of the issued and outstanding voting securities of the target or
otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target business sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company
under the Investment Company Act. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully effect a Business Combination. 

F- 7 

per Public Share), including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided by
the number of then issued and outstanding public shares, subject to certain limitations as described in the prospectus. The per-share
amount to be distributed to the Public Shareholders who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting
commissions the Company will pay to the underwriters (as discussed in Note 6). 

of the Public Shares without
the Company s prior written consent. 

of the Public Shares if the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period
(as defined below) or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination
activity, unless the Company provides the Public Shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares upon approval of any
such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest
earned on the Trust account and not previously released to pay taxes, divided by the number of then issued and outstanding Public Shares. 

of the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the
aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned and not previously released to the Company to pay its
taxes, if any (less up to of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding Public
Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish the rights of the Public Shareholders as shareholders (including the right to receive
further liquidating distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the
approval of the Company s remaining Public Shareholders and its Board of Directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case
to the Company s obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable
law. 

F- 8 

. 

per share, converted all outstanding Founder Shares
into Class A ordinary shares. Notwithstanding the conversions, such holders will not be entitled to receive any monies held in the Company s
trust account as a result of their ownership of any Class A ordinary shares issued upon conversion of the founder shares. 

). 

This liability will not apply to any claims by a third party who
executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account and as to any claims under the Company s indemnity of
the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended (the Securities Act ). In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party,
the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility
that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers
(other than the Company s independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses or other entities with which
the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies
held in the Trust Account. 

in its operating
bank account and a working capital deficit of . In order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in
connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company s officers and directors,
may loan the Company funds as may be required (the Working Capital Loans ), of which up to has been committed
by the Sponsor (see Note 5). On March 23, 2023, the Company entered into a working capital loan agreement with the Sponsor, pursuant to
which the Company may borrow up to , for ongoing business expenses. As of the date of this annual report, the Company had 
of outstanding borrowings under the working capital loan agreement. If the Company completes a business combination, the Company may repay
such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to the Company. In the event that a business combination does not
close, the Company may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts, but no proceeds
from our the Trust Account would be used for such repayment. 

F- 9 

as of December 31, 2022, the Working Capital Loans will provide sufficient capital
up to , if necessary, to help sustain operations for one year from the issuance date of the financial statements, or until the
completion of the Business Combination. An amount of was outstanding on the Working Capital Loans as of December 31, 2022, leaving
a capacity of . On March 23, 2023, the Company entered into a working capital loan agreement with the Sponsor, pursuant to which
it may borrow up to , for ongoing business expenses. As of the date of this annual report, the Company had of outstanding
borrowings under the working capital loan agreement. If the Company completes a business combination, it may repay such loaned amounts
out of the proceeds of the trust account released to it. In the event that a business combination does not close, the Company may use
a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts, but no proceeds from our Trust Account would
be used for such repayment. In connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Financial
Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Update 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to
Continue as a Going Concern, management has determined that the date for mandatory liquidation and dissolution raise substantial
doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern through March 12, 2024, the scheduled liquidation date of the Company
if it does not complete a Business Combination prior to such date. The Company intends to complete a Business Combination by March 12,
2024, but cannot guarantee such event. These financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recovery of the recorded
assets or the classification of the liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

F- 10 

were charged to temporary equity upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering. 

Class A ordinary
shares subject to possible redemption are presented as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders deficit section of the Company s
balance sheets. 

F- 11 

Less: 

Class A ordinary shares issuance costs 

Plus: 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemptions at
 December 31, 2021 

Plus: 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible
 redemptions at December 31, 2022 

F- 12 

Denominator: 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per ordinary share

. Any loss incurred or a lack of access to such funds could have a significant adverse impact on the Company's financial condition,
results of operations, and cash flows. 

Public Shares, at a purchase price of per Public Share. 

Private Placement Shares at a price of per Private Placement Share,
for an aggregate purchase price of . A portion of the proceeds from the Private Placement Shares was added to the proceeds
from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination
Period, the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Shares will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to
the requirements of applicable law) and the Private Placement Shares will expire worthless. 

F- 13 

to cover certain offering and formation costs of the Company in consideration for Class B ordinary shares (the Founder
Shares ). On March 9, 2021, the Company effected a share capitalization pursuant to which the Company issued additional
Class B ordinary shares, resulting in the Company s initial shareholders holding Class B ordinary shares. In March 2021,
our sponsor transferred Class B ordinary shares to each of our independent directors. The Founder Shares included an aggregate
of up to shares subject to forfeiture depending on the extent to which the underwriters over-allotment option is exercised,
so that the number of Founder Shares will equal, on an as-converted basis, approximately of the Company s issued and outstanding
ordinary shares after the Proposed Public Offering (excluding the Private Placement Shares). On April 23, 2021, the underwriters 
over-allotment option pursuant to the underwriting agreement to purchase up to additional Public Shares expired without exercise
and consequently Founder Shares were forfeited for no consideration. 

per month for office space, administrative and support services. Upon
completion of a Business Combination or its liquidation, the Company will cease paying these monthly fees. For the year ended December
31, 2022 and for the period from January 5, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, the Company incurred and paid 120,000 and 
in fees for these services, respectively. 

. The Promissory Note was non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of (i) June 30, 2021 or
(ii) the consummation of the Initial Public Offering. The outstanding amount of was repaid at the closing of the Initial
Public Offering on March 12, 2021. Borrowings under the Promissory Note are no longer available. 

of notes may be converted upon completion of a Business Combination into shares of the post-business combination entity at
a price of per share. 

for ongoing business expenses. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had of outstanding borrowings under the Working Capital Loan
Agreement. On March 23, 2023, we entered into a working capital loan agreement with our sponsor, pursuant to which we may borrow up to
 , for ongoing business expenses. As of the date of this annual report, we had of outstanding borrowings under the working
capital loan agreement. If we complete a business combination, we may repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the trust account
released to us. In the event that a business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the
trust account to repay such loaned amounts, but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. 

F- 14 

additional Public Shares to cover over-allotments at the Initial Public Offering price, less the underwriting
discounts and commissions. On April 23, 2021, the underwriters over-allotment option expired without exercise and consequently
 Founder Shares were forfeited for no consideration. 

per Public Share, or in the aggregate. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts
held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting
agreement. 

preference shares with a par value of per share, with such designations, voting and other
rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. At December 31, 2022 and 2021,
there were no preference shares issued or outstanding. 

Class A ordinary
shares, with a par value of per share. At December
31, 2022 and 2021, there were Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding, excluding Class A ordinary shares
subject to possible redemption which are presented as temporary equity. As of March 9, 2023, there were Class A ordinary shares
issued and outstanding. 

Class B ordinary
shares, with a par value of per share. At
December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding. As of March 9, 2023, there were
no Class B ordinary shares outstanding. 

of the sum of (i) the total number of ordinary shares issued and outstanding upon completion of the Initial
Public Offering (excluding the Private Placement Shares), plus (ii) the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued or deemed
issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection
with or in relation to the consummation of a Business Combination, excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities
exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, deemed issued, or to be issued, to any seller in a Business Combination
and any Private Placement Shares issued to the Sponsor, its affiliates or any member of the Company s management team upon conversion
of Working Capital Loans. In no event will the Class B ordinary shares convert into Class A ordinary shares at a rate of less
than one-to-one. 

F- 15 

and in money market funds, respectively, which are invested primarily in U.S. Treasury Securities. Money
market funds are a Level 1 asset valued based upon quoted prices in active markets. To date, the Company has not withdrawn any interest
earned on the Trust Account. 

after holders of Class A ordinary shares exercised their right to redeem their shares for cash, for an aggregate amount of
approximately million. 

F- 16 

. 

per share, converted all outstanding Founder Shares
into Class A ordinary shares. Notwithstanding the conversions, such holders will not be entitled to receive any monies held in the Company s
trust account as a result of their ownership of any Class A ordinary shares issued upon conversion of the founder shares. 

Class A ordinary shares exercised their right to redeem their shares for
cash at a redemption price of approximately per share, for an aggregate redemption amount of approximately million. As a result,
approximately million will remain in the Company s trust account and Class A ordinary shares remain outstanding
(including the converted founder shares). 

for ongoing business expenses. As of the date of this
annual report, the Company had of outstanding borrowings under the working capital loan agreement. If the Company completes a
business combination, it may repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to us. In the event that a business
combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts,
but no proceeds from the Trust Account would be used for such repayment. 

F-17 

<EX-10.7>
 2
 f10k2022ex10-7_vectoracq2.htm
 WORKING CAPITAL LOAN AGREEMENT, DATED AS OF MARCH 23, 2023, BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND THE SPONSOR

Exhibit 10.7 

working
capital loan AGREEMENT 

THIS WORKING CAPITAL LOAN
AGREEMENT (this Agreement ), dated as of March 23, 2023, is made and entered into by and between Vector Acquisition
Corporation II, a Cayman Islands exempted company (the Company ), and Vector Acquisition Partners II, L.P.,
a Cayman Islands exempted partnership (the Sponsor (together with the Company, the Parties ). 

RECITALS 

WHEREAS , the Company
completed an initial public offering (the Offering pursuant to which it issued 45,000,000 shares, par value
 0.0001 per share (the Class A Shares of the Company 

WHEREAS , the Company
and the Sponsor previously entered into the initial Working Capital Loan Agreement, dated as of March 18, 2022, pursuant to which the
Company issued a promissory note to the Sponsor in an amount up to a maximum of 300,000; 

WHEREAS , the Company s
shareholders approved an extension of the date by which the Company has to consummate a Business Combination (as defined below) to March
12, 2024 or such earlier date as is determined by the Company s board of directors to be in the best interests of the Company; and 

WHEREAS , the Sponsor
desires to enter into this Agreement in order to provide working capital to the Company prior to completion of any merger, capital stock
exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or other similar business combination by the Company with one or more businesses
(the Business Combination ). 

NOW , THEREFORE ,
in consideration of the representations, covenants and agreements contained herein, and certain other good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows: 

1. (a) From
time to time, as may be requested by the Company, the Sponsor agrees to advance to the Company from time to time (collectively, the Advances ),
up to a maximum of 500,000 in the aggregate, in each instance pursuant to the terms of the form of promissory note attached as Exhibit
A hereto (the Note ), as may be necessary to fund the Company s working capital expenses prior to
completion of any potential Business Combination. 

(b) The
Sponsor represents to the Company that it is capable of making such Advances to satisfy their respective obligations under clause (a)
of this Section 1. 

(c) Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, the Payee hereby waives any and all right, title, interest or claim of any kind (each, a Claim in or to, and any distribution of or from the trust account established for the benefit of the public stockholders of the Company and
into which substantially all of the proceeds of the Company s Offering are deposited (the Trust Account ),
and hereby agrees not to seek recourse, reimbursement, payment or satisfaction for any Claim against the Trust Account for any reason
whatsoever provided, however, that if the Maker completes a Business Combination, the Maker shall promptly repay the principal balance
of this Note out of the proceeds released to the Maker from the Trust Account. 

2. This
Agreement, together with the Note, constitutes the entire agreement and understanding of the Parties hereto in respect of the advancement
of expenses contemplated herein and supersedes all prior understandings, agreements, or representations by or among the Parties hereto,
written or oral, to the extent they relate in any way thereto or to the transactions contemplated hereby in connection therewith. This
Agreement may not be changed, amended, modified or waived (other than to correct a typographical error) as to any particular provision,
except by a written instrument executed by the Parties hereto. 

3. No
Party may assign either this Agreement or any of his, her or its rights, interests, or obligations hereunder without the prior written
consent of the other Party. Any purported assignment in violation of this paragraph shall be void and ineffectual and shall not operate
to transfer or assign any interest or title to the purported assignee. This Agreement shall be binding on the undersigned and each of
his or its heirs, personal representatives, successors and assigns including, in the case of the Company, any successor thereto as a result
of the completion of a Business Combination. 

4. All
notices, statements or other documents which are required or contemplated by this Agreement shall be: (i) in writing and delivered personally
or sent by first class registered or certified mail, overnight courier service or facsimile or electronic transmission to the address
designated in writing, (ii) by facsimile to the number most recently provided to such Party or such other address or fax number as may
be designated in writing by such Party and (iii) by electronic mail, to the electronic mail address most recently provided to such Party
or such other electronic mail address as may be designated in writing by such Party. Any notice or other communication so transmitted
shall be deemed to have been given on the day of delivery, if delivered personally, on the business day following receipt of written confirmation,
if sent by facsimile or electronic transmission, one (1) business day after delivery to an overnight courier service or five (5) days
after mailing if sent by mail. Such notice, statement or demand shall be addressed as follows. 

If to the Company: 

Vector Acquisition Corporation II 
One Market Street 

 Steuart Tower, 23rd Floor 
San Francisco, CA 94105 
Attn: David Baylor 

If to the Sponsor: 

Vector Acquisition Partners II, L.P. 

 One Market Street 

 Steuart Tower, 23rd Floor 
San Francisco, CA 94105 
Attn: David Baylor 

5. This
Agreement may be executed in any number of original or facsimile counterparts and each of such counterparts shall for all purposes be
deemed to be an original, and all such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same instrument. 

6. This
Agreement shall be deemed severable, and the invalidity or unenforceability of any term or provision hereof shall not affect the validity
or enforceability of this Agreement or of any other term or provision hereof. Furthermore, in lieu of any such invalid or unenforceable
term or provision, the Parties hereto intend that there shall be added as a part of this Agreement a provision as similar in terms to
such invalid or unenforceable provision as may be possible and be valid and enforceable. 

7. This
Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect
to conflicts of law principles that would result in the application of the substantive laws of another jurisdiction. The Parties hereto
(i) agree that any action, proceeding, claim or dispute arising out of, or relating in any way to, this Agreement shall be brought and
enforced in the courts of New York, in the State of New York, and irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction and venue, which jurisdiction
and venue shall be exclusive and (ii) waive any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and venue or that such courts represent an inconvenient
forum. 

[Signature Page Follows] 

2 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF ,
the undersigned have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the date first written above. 

VECTOR ACQUISITION CORPORATION II 

By: 
 /s/ David Baylor 

Name: 
 David Baylor 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

VECTOR ACQUISITION PARTNERS, L.P. 

By: 
 /s/ David Baylor 

Name: 
 David Baylor 

Title: 
 Director 

[ Signature Page ] 

3 

Exhibit A 
 
Promissory Note 

THIS PROMISSORY NOTE NOTE HAS
NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT ). THIS NOTE HAS BEEN ACQUIRED FOR INVESTMENT
ONLY AND MAY NOT BE SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED IN THE ABSENCE OF REGISTRATION OF THE RESALE THEREOF UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR AN
OPINION OF COUNSEL REASONABLY SATISFACTORY IN FORM, SCOPE AND SUBSTANCE TO THE COMPANY THAT SUCH REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED. 

PROMISSORY NOTE 

Dated as of March 23, 2023 

 Principal Amount: 500,000 

 (as set forth on the Schedule of Borrowings attached hereto) 

 New York, New York 

Pursuant to that certain Working Capital Loan
Agreement (the Agreement ), dated as of March 23, 2023 by and among Vector Acquisition Corporation II, a Cayman Islands
exempted company (the Maker ), and Vector Acquisition Partners, L.P., a Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership Sponsor ), the Maker promises to pay to the order of the Sponsor, or its registered assigns or successors in interest
(the Payee ), the principal sum of Five Hundred Thousand U.S. Dollars 500,000) (as set forth on the Schedule of
Borrowings attached hereto) in lawful money of the United States of America, on the terms and conditions described below. All payments
on this Note shall be made by check or wire transfer of immediately available funds or as otherwise determined by the Maker to such account
as the Payee may from time to time designate by written notice in accordance with the provisions of this Note. Certain terms used herein
but not defined herein shall have the meaning given to such terms in the Agreement. 

This Note, together with that certain Promissory
Note, dated as of the date hereof, between the Maker and the Sponsor, are collectively referred to as the Working Capital
Promissory Notes . 

1. Principal. The
principal balance of this Note shall be payable by the Maker on the date on which Maker consummates its Business Combination (the Maturity
Date ). The principal balance may be prepaid at any time. Under no circumstances shall any individual, including but not limited
to any officer, director, employee or shareholder of the Maker, be obligated personally for any obligations or liabilities of the Maker
hereunder. 

2. Interest. No
interest shall accrue on the unpaid principal balance of this Note. 

3. Drawdown
Requests. Maker and the Payee agree that Maker may request up to Five Hundred Thousand Dollars 500,000) to fund Maker s
working capital expenses prior to completion of any potential Business Combination. The principal of this Note may be drawn down from
time to time prior to the Maturity Date, upon written request from Maker to the Payee (each, a Drawdown Request ).
Each Drawdown Request must state the amount to be drawn down, and must not be an amount less than One Thousand Dollars 1,000) unless
agreed upon by Maker and the Payee. The Payee shall fund each Drawdown Request no later than one (1) business day after receipt of a Drawdown
Request; provided, however, that the maximum amount of drawdowns collectively under the Working Capital Promissory Notes is Five Hundred
Thousand Dollars 500,000). 

4. Application
of Payments. All payments shall be applied first to payment in full of any costs incurred in the collection of any sum due under
this Note, including (without limitation) reasonable attorney s fees, then to the payment in full of any late charges and finally
to the reduction of the unpaid principal balance of this Note. 

5. Events
of Default. The following shall constitute an event of default Event of Default ): 

(a) Failure
to Make Required Payment s. Failure by Maker to pay the principal amount due pursuant to this Note within five (5) business days of
the Maturity Date. 

4 

(b) Voluntary
Bankruptcy, Etc . The commencement by Maker of a voluntary case under any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, rehabilitation
or other similar law, or the consent by it to the appointment of or taking possession by a receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, custodian,
sequestrator (or other similar official) of Maker or for any substantial part of its property, or the making by it of any assignment for
the benefit of creditors, or the failure of Maker generally to pay its debts as such debts become due, or the taking of corporate action
by Maker in furtherance of any of the foregoing. 

(c) Involuntary
Bankruptcy, Etc . The entry of a decree or order for relief by a court having jurisdiction in the premises in respect of Maker in an
involuntary case under any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law, or appointing a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian,
trustee, sequestrator (or similar official) of Maker or for any substantial part of its property, or ordering the winding-up or liquidation
of its affairs, and the continuance of any such decree or order unstayed and in effect for a period of 60 consecutive days. 

6. Remedies. 

(a) Upon
the occurrence of an Event of Default specified in Section 5(a) hereof, the Payee may, by written notice to Maker, declare this Note to
be due immediately and payable, whereupon the unpaid principal amount of this Note, and all other amounts payable hereunder, shall become
immediately due and payable without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived,
anything contained herein or in the documents evidencing the same to the contrary notwithstanding. 

(b) Upon
the occurrence of an Event of Default specified in Section 5(b) or 5(c) hereof, the unpaid principal balance of this Note, and all other
sums payable with regard to this Note, shall automatically and immediately become due and payable, in all cases without any action on
the part of the Payee. 

7. Waivers. Maker
and all endorsers and guarantors of, and sureties for, this Note waive presentment for payment, demand, notice of dishonor, protest, and
notice of protest with regard to this Note, all errors, defects and imperfections in any proceedings instituted by the Payee under the
terms of this Note, and all benefits that might accrue to Maker by virtue of any present or future laws exempting any property, real or
personal, or any part of the proceeds arising from any sale of any such property, from attachment, levy or sale under execution, or providing
for any stay of execution, exemption from civil process, or extension of time for payment and Maker agrees that any real estate
that may be levied upon pursuant to a judgment obtained by virtue hereof, on any writ of execution issued hereon, may be sold upon any
such writ in whole or in part in any order desired by the Payee. 

8. Unconditional
Liability. Maker hereby waives all notices in connection with the delivery, acceptance, performance, default, or enforcement
of the payment of this Note, and agrees that its liability shall be unconditional, without regard to the liability of any other Party,
and shall not be affected in any manner by any indulgence, extension of time, renewal, waiver or modification granted or consented to
by the Payee, and consents to any and all extensions of time, renewals, waivers, or modifications that may be granted by Payee with respect
to the payment or other provisions of this Note, and agrees that additional makers, endorsers, guarantors, or sureties may become Parties
hereto without notice to Maker or affecting Maker s liability hereunder. 

9. Notices. All
notices, statements or other documents which are required or contemplated by this Agreement shall be: (i) in writing and delivered personally
or sent by first class registered or certified mail, overnight courier service or facsimile or electronic transmission to the address
designated in writing, (ii) by facsimile to the number most recently provided to such Party or such other address or fax number as may
be designated in writing by such Party and (iii) by electronic mail, to the electronic mail address most recently provided to such Party
or such other electronic mail address as may be designated in writing by such Party. Any notice or other communication so transmitted
shall be deemed to have been given on the day of delivery, if delivered personally, on the business day following receipt of written confirmation,
if sent by facsimile or electronic transmission, one (1) business day after delivery to an overnight courier service or five (5) days
after mailing if sent by mail. 

10. Construction. THIS
NOTE SHALL BE CONSTRUED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF NEW YORK, WITHOUT REGARD TO CONFLICT OF LAW PROVISIONS THEREOF. 

5 

11. Severability. Any
provision contained in this Note which is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective
to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and any such prohibition or
unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. 

12. Trust
Waiver. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Payee hereby waives any and all right, title, interest or claim
of any kind (each, a Claim in or to, and any distribution of or from the trust account established for the
benefit of the public stockholders of the Company and into which substantially all of the proceeds of the Company s Offering are
deposited (the Trust Account ), and hereby agrees not to seek recourse, reimbursement, payment or satisfaction
for any Claim against the Trust Account for any reason whatsoever provided, however, that if the Maker completes a Business Combination,
the Maker shall promptly repay the principal balance of this Note out of the proceeds released to the Maker from the Trust Account. 

13. Amendment 
Waiver. Any amendment hereto or waiver of any provision hereof may be made with, and only with, the written consent of the Maker
and the Payee. 

14. Assignment. No
assignment or transfer of this Note or any rights or obligations hereunder may be made by any Party hereto (by operation of law or otherwise)
without the prior written consent of the other Party hereto and any attempted assignment without the required consent shall be void. 

15. Conversion . 

(a) At
the Payee s option, at any time prior to payment in full of the principal balance of this Note, the Payee may elect to convert all
or any portion of the outstanding principal amount of this Note into that number of shares (the Conversion Shares equal to: (i) the portion of the principal amount of the Note being converted pursuant to this Section 15, divided by (ii) 10.00, rounded
up to the nearest whole number; provided, however, that the principal amount of any Working Capital Promissory Notes converted shall not
exceed in the aggregate 500,000. Each Conversion Share shall have the same terms and conditions as the private placement shares issued
by the Maker to the Payee pursuant to a private placement, as described in Maker s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (333-253171).
The Conversion Shares and any other equity security of Maker issued or issuable with respect to the foregoing by way of a share dividend
or share split or in connection with a combination of shares, recapitalization, amalgamation, consolidation or reorganization, shall be
entitled to the registration rights set forth in that certain Registration and Shareholder Rights Agreement, dated as of March 9, 2021,
among the Company, the Payees and the other parties thereto. 

(b) Upon
any complete or partial conversion of the principal amount of this Note, (i) such principal amount shall be so converted and such
converted portion of this Note shall become fully paid and satisfied, (ii) the Payee shall surrender and deliver this Note, duly endorsed,
to Maker or such other address which Maker shall designate against delivery of the Conversion Shares, (iii) Maker shall promptly deliver
a new duly executed Note to the Payee in the principal amount that remains outstanding, if any, after any such conversion and (iv) in
exchange for all or any portion of the surrendered Note, Maker shall deliver to Payee the Conversion Shares, which shall bear such legends
as are required, in the opinion of counsel to Maker or by any other agreement between Maker and the Payee and applicable state and federal
securities laws. 

(c) The
Payee shall pay any and all issue and other taxes that may be payable with respect to any issue or delivery of the Conversion Shares upon
conversion of this Note pursuant hereto provided, however, that the Payee shall not be obligated to pay any transfer taxes resulting
from any transfer requested by the Payee in connection with any such conversion. 

(d) The
Conversion Shares shall not be issued upon conversion of this Note unless such issuance and such conversion comply with all applicable
provisions of law. 

[Signature Page Follows] 

6 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF ,
Maker, intending to be legally bound hereby, has caused this Note to be duly executed by the undersigned as of the day and year first
above written. 

VECTOR ACQUISITION CORPORATION II 

By: 

Name: 
 David Baylor 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

VECTOR ACQUISITION PARTNERS II, L.P. 

By: 

Name: 
 David Baylor 

Title: 
 Director 

[ Signature Page ] 

7 

SCHEDULE OF BORROWINGS 

The following increases or decreases in this Note have been made: 

Date of Increase or 
Decrease 
 
 Amount of Decrease in 
 Principal Amount of this Note 
 
 Amount of Increase in 
 Principal Amount of this Note 
 
 Principal Amount of this 
 Note Following Such 
 Decrease or Increase 

[Schedule of Borrowings] 

8 

</EX-10.7>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex31-1_vectoracq2.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Alex Slusky, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 of Vector Acquisition Corporation II; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period
in which this report is being prepared; and 

b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 24, 2023 

/s/ Alex Slusky 

Alex Slusky 

Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 f10k2022ex31-2_vectoracq2.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, David Baylor, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 of Vector Acquisition Corporation II; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period
in which this report is being prepared; and 

b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 24, 2023 

/s/ David Baylor 

David Baylor 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 f10k2022ex32-1_vectoracq2.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Vector
Acquisition Corporation II (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Alex Slusky, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Company,
certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my
knowledge: 

1. The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company. 

Dated: March 24, 2023 

/s/ Alex Slusky 

Alex Slusky 

Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 f10k2022ex32-2_vectoracq2.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Vector
Acquisition Corporation II (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, David Baylor, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: 

1. The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company. 

Dated: March 24, 2023 

/s/ David Baylor 

David Baylor 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 vaqc-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 vaqc-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 vaqc-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 vaqc-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 vaqc-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

