<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230316_10-K_edgar_data_1509470_0001493152-23-007850.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>23585718</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>536500</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2013953</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>11476945</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3427173</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>5385019</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-007850.hdr.sgml : 20230316
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230316120021
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-007850
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		91
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230316
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230316

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SURO CAPITAL CORP.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001509470
		IRS NUMBER:				274443543
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	814-00852
		FILM NUMBER:		23737891

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		640 FIFTH AVENUE
		STREET 2:		12TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10019
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(650) 235-4769

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		640 FIFTH AVENUE
		STREET 2:		12TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10019

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SUTTER ROCK CAPITAL CORP.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20190731

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	GSV Capital Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110531

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NeXt Innovation Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110331

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-007850.txt : 20230316

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

FOR
THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED , 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

COMMISSION
FILE NUMBER: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 of incorporation) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer Identification No.) 
 
 , , , 

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

(Registrant s
telephone number, including area code) 

Securities
Registered Pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of Each Class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol 
 
 Name
 of Each Exchange on Which Registered 

Global Select Market 

Global Select Market 

Securities
Registered Pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter periods as the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. YES NO 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files).
 YES NO 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company,
or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 Accelerated
 filer 
 
 (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
 Smaller
 reporting company 
 
 Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). YES 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b) 

The
aggregate market value of common stock beneficially owned by non-affiliates of the Registrant on June 30, 2022, based on the closing
price on that date of 6.40 on the Nasdaq Global Select Market, was . For the purposes of calculating this amount only, all interested directors and executive officers of the Registrant
have been treated as affiliates. The issuer had shares of common stock, 0.01 par value per share, outstanding as of March
15, 2023. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

. 

SURO
CAPITAL CORP. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

PAGE 
 
 PART I. 

Item
 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 16 
 
 Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 47 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 47 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 47 
 
 Item
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 47 
 
 PART II. 

Item
 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 48 
 
 Item
 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 55 
 
 Item
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 56 
 
 Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 70 
 
 Item
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 71 
 
 Item
 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 126 
 
 Item
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 126 
 
 Item
 9B. 
 Other Information 
 126 
 
 Item
 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 126 
 
 PART III. 

Item
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 127 
 
 Item
 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 127 
 
 Item
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 127 
 
 Item
 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 127 
 
 Item
 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 127 
 
 PART
 IV. 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 128 
 
 Item
 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 129 

Signatures 
 130 

i 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART
I 

Item
1. Business 

SuRo
Capital 

SuRo
Capital Corp. we , us , our , Company or SuRo Capital ), formerly
known as Sutter Rock Capital Corp. and as GSV Capital Corp. and formed in September 2010 as a Maryland corporation, is an internally-managed,
non-diversified closed-end management investment company. The Company has elected to be regulated as a business development company BDC under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act ), and has elected to be treated, and intends to qualify
annually, as a regulated investment company RIC under Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the
 Code ). 

Our date of inception was January 6, 2011, which is the date we commenced
development stage activities. We commenced operations as a BDC upon completion of our initial public offering IPO in May
2011 and began our investment operations during the second quarter of 2011. See Management s Dicussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations in Part II, Item 7 of this Form 10-K. 

On and effective June 22, 2020, we changed our name to SuRo Capital
Corp. from Sutter Rock Capital Corp. On and effective March 12, 2019, our board of directors Board of Directors approved internalizing our operating structure Internalization and we began operating as an internally-managed non-diversified
closed-end management investment company that has elected to be regulated as a BDC under the 1940 Act. Our Board of Directors approved
the Internalization in order to better align the interests of the Company s stockholders with its management. As an internally managed
BDC, the Company is managed by its employees, rather than the employees of an external investment adviser, thereby allowing for greater
transparency to stockholders through robust disclosure regarding the Company s compensation structure. 

Our
investment objective is to maximize our portfolio s total return, principally by seeking capital gains on our equity and equity-related
investments, and to a lesser extent, income from debt investments. We invest principally in the equity securities of what we believe
to be rapidly growing venture-capital-backed emerging companies. We acquire our investments through direct investments in prospective
portfolio companies, secondary marketplaces for private companies, and negotiations with selling stockholders. In addition, we may invest
in private credit and in the founders equity, founders warrants, forward purchase agreements, and private investment in public equity PIPE transactions of special purpose acquisition companies SPACs ). We may also invest on an opportunistic
basis in select publicly traded equity securities or certain non-U.S. companies that otherwise meet our investment criteria, subject
to applicable requirements of the 1940 Act. To the extent we make investments in private equity funds and hedge funds that are excluded
from the definition of investment company under the 1940 Act by Section 3(c)(1) or 3(c)(7) of the 1940 Act, we will limit
such investments to no more than 15 of our net assets. 

Our
investment philosophy is based on a disciplined approach of identifying promising investments in high-growth, venture-backed companies
across several key industry themes which may include, among others, social mobile, cloud computing and big data, internet commerce, financial
technology, mobility, and enterprise software. Our investment decisions are based on a disciplined analysis of available information
regarding each potential portfolio company s business operations, focusing on the portfolio company s growth potential, the
quality of recurring revenues, and path to profitability, as well as an understanding of key market fundamentals. Venture capital funds
or other institutional investors have invested in the vast majority of companies that we evaluate. 

1 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

We
seek to deploy capital primarily in the form of non-controlling equity and equity-related investments, including common stock, warrants,
preferred stock and similar forms of senior equity, which may or may not be convertible into a portfolio company s common equity,
and convertible debt securities with a significant equity component. Typically, our preferred stock investments are non-income producing,
have different voting rights than our common stock investments and are generally convertible into common stock at our discretion. As
our investment strategy is primarily focused on equity positions, our investments generally do not produce current income and therefore
we may be dependent on future capital raising to meet our operating needs if no other source of liquidity is available. 

We
seek to create a low-turnover portfolio that includes investments in companies representing a broad range of investment themes. 

Our
common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol SSSS . The net asset value per share of our common
stock on December 31, 2022 was 7.39. On March 15, 2023, the last reported sale price of a share of our common stock on the Nasdaq Global
Select Market was 3.01. 

Operating
and Regulatory Structure 

We
formed in 2010 as a Maryland corporation and operate as an internally managed, non-diversified closed-end management investment company.
Our investment activities are supervised by our Board of Directors and managed by our executive officers and investments professionals,
all of which are our employees. 

As
a BDC, we are subject to certain regulatory requirements. See Regulation as a Business Development Company. Also,
while we are permitted to finance investments using debt, our ability to use debt is limited in certain significant aspects. 

With
certain limited exceptions, we may issue senior securities, including borrowing money from banks or other financial
institutions only in amounts such that the ratio of our total assets (less total liabilities other than indebtedness represented by
senior securities) to our total indebtedness represented by senior securities plus preferred stock, if any, is at least 200 (or
150 if certain conditions are met) after such incurrence or issuance. This means that generally, we can borrow up to 1 for every
 1 of investor equity (or, if certain conditions are met, we can borrow up to 2 for every 1 of investor equity). In March 2018,
the Small Business Credit Availability Act (the SBCAA modified the 1940 Act by allowing a BDC to increase the maximum
amount of leverage it may incur by decreasing the asset coverage percentage from 200 to 150 , if certain requirements under the
1940 Act are met. Under the 1940 Act, we are allowed to increase our leverage capacity if stockholders representing at least a
majority of the votes cast, when a quorum is present, approve a proposal to do so. If we receive stockholder approval, we would be
allowed to increase our leverage capacity on the first day after such approval. Alternatively, the 1940 Act allows the majority of
our independent directors to approve an increase in our leverage capacity, and such approval would become effective after the
one-year anniversary of such approval. In either case, we would be required to make certain disclosures on our website and in SEC
filings regarding, among other things, the receipt of approval to increase our leverage, our leverage capacity and usage, and risks
related to leverage. The Company currently does not intend to seek stockholder approval or Board of Directors approval to increase its leverage
capacity as set forth above. See Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A for more information. 

We
have elected to be treated as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code and expect to continue to operate in a manner so as to qualify for
the tax treatment applicable to RICs. See Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations and Note 2 Significant
Accounting Policies U.S. Federal and State Income Taxes and Note 9 Income Taxes to our consolidated
financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 for more information. 

Human
Capital Resources 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had ten employees, each of whom was directly employed by us. These employees include our executive officers,
investment and finance professionals, and administrative staff. All of our employees are located in the United States at our principal
executive office and headquarters located at 640 Fifth Avenue, 12th Floor, New York, NY 10019 and our additional office located at One
Sansome Street, Suite 730, San Francisco, CA 94104. Our telephone number is (212) 931-6331. 

As
an internally managed BDC, the success of our business and investment strategy, including achieving our investment objective, depends
in material part on our employees. We depend upon the members of our management team and our investment professionals for the identification,
final selection, structuring, closing and monitoring of our investments. These employees have critical industry experience and relationships
on which we rely to implement our business plan. We expect that the members of our management team and our investment professionals will
maintain key informal relationships, which we will use to help identify and gain access to investment opportunities. If we do not attract,
develop and retain highly skilled employees, we may not be able to operate our business as we expect and our operating results could
be adversely affected. See Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

2 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

We
strive to attract, develop and retain our employees by offering unique employment opportunities, advancement and promotion opportunities,
training programs and opportunities, and competitive compensation and benefit structures, as well as a safe, harassment-free work environment. 

Investment
Opportunity 

We
believe that society is experiencing a convergence of numerous disruptive trends, producing new high-growth markets. 

At
the same time, we believe that the IPO markets have experienced substantial structural changes which have made it significantly more
challenging for private companies to go public. Volatile equity markets, a lack of investment research coverage for private and smaller
companies and investor demand for a longer history of revenue and earnings growth have resulted in companies staying private significantly
longer than in the past. In addition, increased public company compliance obligations such as those imposed by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the Dodd-Frank
Act have made it more costly and less attractive to become a public company. As a result, there are significantly fewer IPOs
today than there were during the 1990s, with prospective public companies taking longer to come to market. 

Investment
Strategy 

We
seek to maintain our portfolio of potentially high-growth emerging private companies via a repeatable and disciplined investment approach,
as well as to provide investors with access to such companies through our publicly traded common stock. 

Our
investment objective is to maximize our portfolio s total return, principally by seeking capital gains on our equity and equity-related
investments, and to a lesser extent, income from debt investments. We have adopted the following business strategies to achieve our investment
objective: 

Identify
 high quality growth companies. Based on our extensive experience in analyzing technology trends and markets, we have identified
 several technology sub-sectors, including social mobile, big data and cloud, marketplaces, and education technology, as opportunities
 where we believe companies are capable of producing substantial growth. We rely on our collective industry knowledge as well as an
 understanding of where leading venture capitalists and other institutional investors are investing. 

We
leverage a combination of our relationships throughout Silicon Valley and our independent research to identify leaders in our targeted
sub-sectors that we believe are differentiated and best positioned for sustained growth. Our team continues to expand our sourcing network
in order to evaluate a wide range of investment opportunities in companies that demonstrate strong operating fundamentals. We are targeting
businesses that have been shown to provide scaled valuation growth before a potential IPO or strategic exit. 

Acquire
 positions in targeted investments. We seek to selectively add to our portfolio by sourcing investments at an acceptable price
 through our disciplined investing strategy. To this end, we utilize multiple methods to acquire equity stakes in private companies
 that are not available to many individual investors. 

Direct
equity investments. We seek direct investments in private companies. There is a large market among emerging private companies for
equity capital investments. Many of these companies, particularly within the technology sector, lack the necessary cash flows to sustain
substantial amounts of debt, and therefore have viewed equity capital as a more attractive long-term financing tool. We seek to be a
source of such equity capital as a means of investing in these companies and look for opportunities to invest alongside other venture
capital and private equity investors with whom we have established relationships. 

3 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Private
secondary marketplaces and direct share purchases. We also utilize private secondary marketplaces as a means to acquire equity and
equity-related interests in privately held companies that meet our investment criteria and that we believe are attractive candidates
for investment. We believe that such markets offer new channels for access to equity investments in private companies and provide a potential
source of liquidity should we decide to exit an investment. In addition, we also purchase shares directly from stockholders, including
current or former employees. As certain companies grow and experience significant increased value while remaining private, employees
and other stockholders may seek liquidity by selling shares directly to a third party or to a third party via a secondary marketplace.
Sales of shares in private companies are typically restricted by contractual transfer restrictions and may be further restricted by provisions
in company charter documents, investor rights of first refusal and co-sale and company employment and trading policies, which may impose
strict limits on transfer. We believe that the reputation of our investment professionals within the industry and established history
of investing affords us a favorable position when seeking approval for a purchase of shares subject to such limitations. 

Create
 access to a varied investment portfolio. We seek to hold a varied portfolio of non-controlling equity investments, which
 we believe will minimize the impact on our portfolio of a negative downturn at any one specific company. We believe that our relatively
 varied portfolio will provide a convenient means for accredited and non-accredited individual investors to obtain access to an asset
 class that has generally been limited to venture capital, private equity and similar large institutional investors. 

Starting
in 2017, we began to focus our investment strategy to increase the size of our investments in individual portfolio companies. While this
will likely have the effect of reducing the number of companies in which we hold investments, we believe that the shift towards larger
positions will better allow our investment professionals to focus our investments in companies and industries that are more likely to
result in beneficial returns to our stockholders. 

Competitive
Advantages 

We
believe that we benefit from the following competitive advantages in executing our investment strategy: 

Capable
 team of investment professionals. Our executive officers, investment professionals, and Board of Directors have significant
 experience researching and investing in the types of high-growth venture-capital-backed companies we are targeting for investment.
 Through our proprietary company evaluation process, including our identification of technology trends and themes and company
 research, we believe we have developed important insight into identifying and valuing emerging private companies. 

Disciplined
 and repeatable investment process. We have established a disciplined and repeatable process to locate and acquire available
 shares at attractive valuations by utilizing multiple sources. In contrast to industry aggregators that accumulate
 stock at market prices, we conduct valuation analysis and make acquisitions only when we can invest at valuations that we believe
 are attractive to our investors. 

Deep
 relationships with significant credibility to source and complete transactions. Our executive officers and investment professionals
 are strategically located in New York, New York and at our additional office in San Francisco, California, allowing us to fully engage
 in the technology and innovation ecosystem. Our wide network of venture capital and technology professionals supports our sourcing
 efforts and helps provide access to promising investment opportunities. Our executive officers and investment professionals have
 also developed strong relationships in the financial, investing and technology-related sectors. 

Source
 of permanent investing capital. As a publicly traded corporation, we have access to a source of permanent equity capital
 that we can use to invest in portfolio companies. This permanent equity capital is a significant differentiator from other potential
 investors that may be required to return capital to stockholders on a defined schedule. We believe that our ability to invest on
 a long-term time horizon makes us attractive to companies looking for strong, stable owners of their equity. 

Early
 mover advantage. We believe we are one of the few publicly traded BDCs with a specific focus on investing in high-growth
 venture-backed companies. The transactions that we have executed to date since our IPO have helped to establish our reputation with
 the types of secondary sellers and emerging companies that we target for investment. We have leveraged a number of relationships
 and channels to acquire the equity of private companies. As we continue to grow our portfolio with attractive investments, we believe
 that our reputation as a committed partner will be further enhanced, allowing us to source and close investments that would otherwise
 be unavailable. We believe that these factors collectively differentiate us from other potential investors in private company securities
 and will serve our goal to complete equity transactions in compelling private companies at attractive valuations. 

4 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Our
primary competitors include specialty finance companies including late-stage venture capital funds, private equity funds, other crossover
funds, public funds investing in private companies and public and private BDCs. Many of these entities have greater financial and managerial
resources than we will have. In addition, some of our competitors may have higher risk tolerances or different risk assessments, which
could allow them to consider more investments and establish more relationships than we do. Furthermore, many of our competitors are not
subject to the regulatory restrictions the 1940 Act imposes on us as a BDC. For additional information concerning the competitive risks
we face, see Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business and Structure in Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10-K. 

Investment
Process 

Concentrated
Technology-Related Focus 

Our
executive officers and investment professionals have identified five key investment themes from which we have seen significant numbers
of high-growth companies emerge: social and mobile, financial technology and services, big data and cloud, marketplaces, and education.
However, the opportunity set of high-growth venture-backed technology companies extends beyond these key investment themes into much
broader markets. These broad markets have the potential to produce disruptive technologies, reach a large addressable market, and provide
significant commercial opportunities. Within these areas, we have identified trends that could create significant positive effects on
growth such as globalization, consolidation, branding, convergence and network effects. Thus, while we remain focused on selecting market
leaders within the key investment themes identified, our executive officers and investment professionals actively seek out promising
investments across a diverse selection of new technology subsectors. 

Investment
Targeting and Screening 

We
identify prospective portfolio companies through an extensive network of relationships developed by our executive officers and investment
professionals, supplemented by the knowledge and relationships of our Board of Directors. Investment opportunities that fall within our
identified themes are validated against the observed behavior of leading venture capitalists and institutional investors, as well as
through our own internal and external research. We evaluate potential portfolio companies across a spectrum of criteria, including industry
positioning and leadership, stage of growth, path to profitability, the uniqueness and defensibility of the portfolio company s
strategy, investor sponsorship, and the portfolio company s potential access to capital to continue to fund its growth that collectively
characterize our proprietary investment process. We typically seek to invest our assets under management in the equity of well-established
and growth stage companies, and debt investments of emerging companies that fit within our targeted areas. Based on our initial screening,
we identify a select set of companies that we evaluate in greater depth. 

Research
and Due Diligence Process 

Once
we identify those companies that we believe warrant more in-depth analysis, we focus on their total addressable market, revenue growth
and sustainability, and earnings growth, as well as other metrics that may be strongly correlated with higher valuations. We also focus
on the company s management team and any significant financial sponsor, their current business model, competitive positioning,
regulatory and legal issues, the quality of any intellectual property and other investment-specific due diligence. Each prospective portfolio
company that passes our initial due diligence review is given a qualitative ranking to allow us to evaluate it against others in our
pipeline, and we review and update these companies on a regular basis. 

Our
due diligence process will vary depending on whether we are investing through a private secondary transaction on a marketplace or with
a selling stockholder or by direct equity investment. We access information on our potential investments through a variety of sources,
including information made available on secondary marketplaces, publications by private company research firms, industry publications,
commissioned analysis by third-party research firms, and, to a limited extent, directly from the company or financial sponsor. We utilize
a combination of each of these sources to help us set a target value for the companies we ultimately select for investment. 

Portfolio
Construction and Sourcing 

Upon
completion of our research and due diligence process, we select investments for inclusion in our portfolio based on their value proposition,
addressable market, fundamentals and valuation. We seek to create a relatively varied portfolio that we expect will include investments
in companies representing a broad range of investment themes. We generally choose to pursue specific investments based on the availability
of shares and valuation expectations. We utilize a combination of secondary marketplaces, direct purchases from stockholders and direct
equity investments in order to make investments in our portfolio companies. Once we have established an initial position in a portfolio
company, we may choose to increase our stake through subsequent purchases. Maintaining a balanced portfolio is a key to our success,
and as a result we constantly evaluate the composition of our investments and our pipeline to ensure we are exposed to a diverse set
of companies within our target segments. 

5 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Transaction
Execution 

We
enter into purchase agreements for substantially all of our private company portfolio investments. Private company securities are typically
subject to contractual transfer limitations, which may, among other things, give the issuer, its assignees and/or its stockholders a
particular period of time, often 30 days or more, in which to exercise a veto right, or a right of first refusal over, the sale of such
securities. Accordingly, the purchase agreements we enter into for secondary transactions typically require the lapse or satisfaction
of these rights as a condition to closing. Under these circumstances, we may be required to deposit the purchase price into escrow upon
signing, with the funds released to the seller at closing or returned to us if the closing conditions are not met. 

Risk
Management and Monitoring 

We
monitor the financial trends of each portfolio company to assess our exposure to individual companies as well as to evaluate overall
portfolio quality. We establish valuation targets at the portfolio level and for gross and net exposures with respect to specific companies
and industries within our overall portfolio. In cases where we make a direct investment in a portfolio company, we may also obtain board
positions, board observation rights and/or information rights from that portfolio company in connection with our equity investment. We
regularly monitor our portfolio for compliance with the diversification requirements for purposes of maintaining our status as a BDC
and a RIC for tax purposes. 

Managerial
Assistance 

As
a BDC we are required to offer, and in some cases may provide and be paid for, significant managerial assistance to portfolio companies.
This assistance typically involves monitoring the operations of portfolio companies, participating in their board and management meetings,
consulting with and advising their officers and providing other organizational and financial guidance. We will provide such managerial
assistance on our behalf to portfolio companies that request assistance. We may receive fees for these services, subject to review by
our Board of Directors, including our independent directors. 

Portfolio
Overview 

The
following table shows the fair value of our portfolio of investments by asset class as of December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

December
 31, 2022 
 December
 31, 2021 

Fair Value 
 Percentage
 of Portfolio 
 Fair 
 Value 
 Percentage
 of Portfolio 
 
 Private
 Portfolio Companies: 

Preferred
 Stock 
 117,214,465 
 48.4 
 163,801,798 
 63.0 
 
 Common
 Stock 
 18,692,931 
 7.7 
 42,860,156
 
 16.5 
 
 Debt
 Investments 
 4,488,200 
 1.9 
 3,011,438
 
 1.1 
 
 Options 
 3,469,497 
 1.4 
 4,959,112
 
 1.9 
 
 Private
 Portfolio Companies 
 143,865,093 
 59.4 
 214,632,504
 
 82.5 
 
 Publicly
 Traded Portfolio Companies: 

Common
 Stock 
 13,323,485 
 5.5
 
 44,573,225
 
 17.1 
 
 Options 

930,524 
 0.4 
 
 Publicly
 Traded Portfolio Companies 
 13,323,485 
 5.5 
 45,503,749 
 17.5 
 
 Total
 Portfolio Investments 
 157,188,578 
 64.9 
 260,136,253
 
 100.0 
 
 Non-Portfolio
 Investments 

U.S.
 Treasury Bills 
 85,056,817 
 35.1 

Total
 Investments 
 242,245,395 
 100.0 
 260,136,253
 
 100.0 

6 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Determination
of Net Asset Value 

We
determine the net asset value of our investment portfolio after the conclusion of each fiscal quarter in connection with the preparation
of our annual and quarterly reports filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), or
more frequently if required under the 1940 Act. 

Securities
that are publicly traded are generally valued at the close price on the valuation date; however, if they remain subject to lock-up restrictions
they are discounted accordingly. Securities that are not publicly traded or for which there are no readily available market quotations,
including securities that trade on secondary markets for private securities, are valued at fair value as determined in good faith by
our Board of Directors and in accordance with Rule 2a-5 as promulgated under the 1940 Act. In connection with that determination, our
executive officers and investment professionals will prepare portfolio company valuations using, when available, the most recent portfolio
company financial statements and forecasts. We also engage an independent valuation firm to perform independent valuations of our investments
that are not publicly traded or for which there are no readily available market quotations. We may also engage an independent valuation
firm to perform independent valuations of any securities that trade on private secondary markets, but are not otherwise publicly traded,
where there is a lack of appreciable trading or a wide disparity in recently reported trades. 

For
those securities that are not publicly traded or for which there are no readily available market quotations, our Board of Directors,
with the assistance of its valuation committee (the Valuation Committee ), will use the recommended valuations as prepared
by our executive officers and investment professionals and the independent valuation firm, respectively, as a component of the foundation
for its final fair value determination. Due to the uncertainty inherent in the valuation process, such estimates of fair value may differ
significantly from the values that would have resulted had others made the determination using the same or different procedures or had
a readily available market for the securities existed, and the differences could be material. Additionally, changes in the market environment
and other events that may occur over the life of the investments may cause the gains or losses ultimately realized on these investments
to be different than the gains or losses implied by the valuation currently assigned to such investments. For those investments that
are publicly traded, we generally record unrealized appreciation or depreciation based on changes in the market value of the securities
as of the valuation date. Publicly traded securities that remain subject to lock-up restrictions are discounted accordingly. For those
investments that are not publicly traded and for which there are no readily available market quotations, we record unrealized depreciation
on such investments when we believe that an investment has become impaired and record unrealized appreciation if we believe that the
underlying portfolio company has appreciated in value and our equity security has also appreciated in value. Changes in fair value are
recorded in the consolidated statement of operations as the net change in unrealized appreciation or depreciation. 

We
generally determine the fair value of our investments by considering a number of factors. The following represent factors that, among
others, could impact our fair value determinations: 

1. 
 Public
 trading of our portfolio securities, taking into consideration lock-up requirements and liquidity; 

2. 
 Active
 trading of our portfolio securities on a private secondary market, where we have determined that there is meaningful volume and the
 transactions are considered arm s length by sophisticated investors; 

3. 
 Qualified
 funding rounds in the companies in which we invested, where there is meaningful and reputable information available on size, valuation
 and investors; and 

4. 
 Additional
 investments by us in current portfolio companies, where the price of the new investment differs materially from prior investments. 

There
is inherent subjectivity in determining the fair value of our investments. We expect that most of our portfolio investments, other than
those for which market quotations are readily available and that may be sold without restriction, will be valued at fair value as determined
in good faith by our Board of Directors, with the assistance of our Valuation Committee. Furthermore, when calculating net asset value,
we also consider our recognition of a deferred tax liability for unrealized gains on investments for those investments held in our taxable
subsidiaries. See Note 1 Nature of Operations to our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December
31, 2022 for a list of our taxable subsidiaries. 

7 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Regulation
as a Business Development Company 

General 

A
BDC is regulated by the 1940 Act. A BDC must be organized in the United States for the purpose of investing in, or lending to, primarily
private companies and making significant managerial assistance available to them. A BDC may use capital provided by public stockholders
and from other sources to make long-term, private investments in businesses. A BDC provides stockholders the ability to retain the liquidity
of a publicly traded stock while sharing in the possible benefits, if any, of investing in primarily privately owned companies. 

We
may not change the nature of our business so as to cease to be, or withdraw our election as, a BDC unless authorized by vote of a majority
of the outstanding voting securities, as required by the 1940 Act. A majority of the outstanding voting securities of a company is defined
under the 1940 Act as the lesser of: (a) 67 or more of such company s voting securities present at a meeting if more than 50 
of the outstanding voting securities of such company are present or represented by proxy, or (b) more than 50 of the outstanding voting
securities of such company. We do not anticipate any substantial change in the nature of our business. 

As
with other companies regulated by the 1940 Act, a BDC must adhere to certain substantive regulatory requirements. A majority of our directors
must be persons who are not interested persons as defined in the 1940 Act. Additionally, we are required to provide and
maintain a bond issued by a reputable fidelity insurance company to protect the BDC. Furthermore, as a BDC, we are prohibited from protecting
any director or officer against any liability to us or our stockholders arising from willful misfeasance, bad faith, gross negligence
or reckless disregard of the duties involved in the conduct of such person s office. 

As
a BDC, we are generally required to meet an asset coverage ratio, defined under the 1940 Act as the ratio of our gross assets (less all
liabilities and indebtedness not represented by senior securities) to our outstanding senior securities, of at least 200 after each
issuance of senior securities. We may also be prohibited under the 1940 Act from knowingly participating in certain transactions with
our affiliates without the prior approval of our directors who are not interested persons and, in some cases, prior approval by the SEC. 

The SBCAA modified the asset coverage percentage for BDCs, reducing the
required coverage percentage for senior securities from 200 to 150 , subject to certain conditions. Under the SBCAA, we are allowed to
increase our leverage capacity if stockholders representing at least a majority of the votes cast, when a quorum is present, approve a
proposal to do so. If we receive stockholder approval, we would be allowed to increase our leverage capacity on the first day after such
approval. Alternatively, the SBCAA allows the majority of our independent directors to approve an increase in our leverage capacity, and
such approval would become effective on the one-year anniversary of such approval. In either case, we would be required to make certain
disclosures on our website and in SEC filings regarding, among other things, the receipt of approval to increase our leverage, our leverage
capacity and usage, and risks related to leverage. 

Pursuant
to the SBCAA, the SEC issued rules or amendments to rules allowing BDCs to use the same securities offering and proxy rules that are
available to operating companies, including, among other things, allowing BDCs to incorporate by reference in registration statements
filed with the SEC and allowing certain BDCs to file shelf registration statements that are automatically effective and take advantage
of other benefits available to Well-Known Seasoned Issuers. 

We
do not intend to acquire securities issued by any investment company that exceed the limits imposed by the 1940 Act. Under these limits,
except for registered money market funds, we generally cannot acquire more than 3 of the voting stock of any investment company, invest
more than 5 of the value of our total assets in the securities of one investment company or invest more than 10 of the value of our
total assets in the securities of investment companies in the aggregate. The portion of our portfolio invested in securities issued by
investment companies ordinarily will subject our stockholders to additional indirect expenses. Our investment portfolio is also subject
to diversification requirements by virtue of our election to be treated as a RIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes and our intention
to continue to operate in a manner so as to qualify for the tax treatment applicable to RICs. See Risk Factors Risks Related
to Our Business and Structure in Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10-K for more information. 

In
addition, investment companies registered under the 1940 Act and private funds that are excluded from the definition of investment
company pursuant to either Section 3(c)(1) or 3(c)(7) of the 1940 Act may not acquire directly or through a controlled entity
more than 3 of our total outstanding voting stock (measured at the time of the acquisition), unless the funds comply with an exemption
under the 1940 Act. As a result, certain of our investors may hold a smaller position in our shares than if they were not subject to
these restrictions. 

8 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

We
are generally not able to issue and sell our common stock at a price below net asset value per share. See Risk Factors Risks
Related to Our Business and Structure Regulations governing our operation as a business development company affect our ability
to, and the way in which we, raise additional capital, which may expose us to risks, including the typical risks associated with leverage 
in Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10-K. We may, however, sell our common stock, or warrants, options or rights to acquire our common stock,
at a price below the then-current net asset value of our common stock if our Board of Directors determines that such sale is in our best
interests and the best interests of our stockholders, and our stockholders approve such sale. In addition, we may generally issue new
shares of our common stock at a price below net asset value in rights offerings to existing stockholders, in payment of dividends and
in certain other limited circumstances. 

As
a BDC, we are also prohibited under the 1940 Act from knowingly participating in certain transactions with our affiliates without the
prior approval of our Board of Directors who are not interested persons and, in some cases, prior approval by the SEC. The affiliates
with which we may be prohibited from transacting include our directors, officers and employees and any person controlling or under common
control with us, subject to certain exceptions. For example, under the 1940 Act, absent receipt of exemptive relief from the SEC, we
and certain of our affiliates are generally precluded from co-investing in negotiated private placements of securities. 

We
are subject to periodic examination by the SEC for compliance with the 1940 Act. 

As
a BDC, we are subject to certain risks and uncertainties. See Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business and Structure 
in Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10-K. 

Qualifying
Assets 

Under
the 1940 Act, a BDC may not acquire any asset other than assets of the type listed in Section 55(a) of the 1940 Act, which are referred
to as qualifying assets , unless, at the time the acquisition is made, qualifying assets represent at least 70 of the BDC s
gross assets. The principal categories of qualifying assets relevant to our business are the following: 

1. 
 Securities
 purchased in transactions not involving any public offering from the issuer of such securities, which issuer (subject to certain
 limited exceptions) is an eligible portfolio company, or from any person who is, or has been during the preceding 13 months, an affiliated
 person of an eligible portfolio company, or from any other person, subject to such rules as may be prescribed by the SEC. An eligible
 portfolio company is defined in the 1940 Act as any issuer which: 

a. 
 is
 organized under the laws of, and has its principal place of business in, the United States; 

b. 
 is
 not an investment company (other than a small business investment company wholly owned by the BDC) or a company that would be an
 investment company but for certain exclusions under the 1940 Act; and 

c. 
 satisfies
 any of the following: 

i. 
 does
 not have any class of securities that is traded on a national securities exchange; 

ii. 
 has
 a class of securities listed on a national securities exchange, but has an aggregate market value of outstanding voting and non-voting
 common equity of less than 250.0 million; 

iii. 
 is
 controlled by a BDC or a group of companies including a BDC and the BDC has an affiliated person who is a director of the eligible
 portfolio company; 

iv. 
 is
 a small and solvent company having gross assets of not more than 4.0 million and capital and surplus of not less than 2.0 million;
 or 

v. 
 meets
 such other criteria as may be established by the SEC. 

9 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

2. 
 Securities
 of any eligible portfolio company which we control. 

3. 
 Securities
 purchased in a private transaction from a U.S. issuer that is not an investment company or from an affiliated person of the issuer,
 or in transactions incident thereto, if the issuer is in bankruptcy and subject to reorganization or if the issuer, immediately prior
 to the purchase of its securities, was unable to meet its obligations as they came due without material assistance other than conventional
 lending or financing arrangements. 

4. 
 Securities
 of an eligible portfolio company purchased from any person in a private transaction if there is no ready market for such securities
 and we already own 60 of the outstanding equity of the eligible portfolio company. 

5. 
 Securities
 received in exchange for or distributed on or with respect to securities described in 1 through 4 above, or pursuant to the exercise
 of options, warrants or rights relating to such securities. 

6. 
 Cash,
 cash equivalents, U.S. government securities or high-quality debt securities maturing in one year or less from the time of investment. 

In
addition, a BDC must have been organized and have its principal place of business in the United States and must be operated for the purpose
of making investments in the types of securities described in (1), (2) or (3) above. 

If
at any time less than 70 of our gross assets are comprised of qualifying assets, including as a result of an increase in the value of
any non-qualifying assets or decrease in the value of any qualifying assets, we would generally not be permitted to acquire any additional
non-qualifying assets, other than office furniture and equipment, interests in real estate and leasehold improvements and facilities
maintained to conduct the business operations of the BDC, deferred organization and operating expenses, and other noninvestment assets
necessary and appropriate to its operations as a BDC, until such time as 70 of our then-current gross assets were comprised of qualifying
assets. We would not be required, however, to dispose of any non-qualifying assets in such circumstances. 

Managerial
Assistance to Portfolio Companies 

A
BDC generally must offer to make available to the issuer of the securities it holds significant managerial assistance, except in circumstances
where either (i) the BDC controls such issuer of securities or (ii) the BDC purchases such securities in conjunction with one or more
other persons acting together and one of the other persons in the group makes available such managerial assistance. Making available
significant managerial assistance means, among other things, any arrangement whereby the BDC, through its directors, officers or employees,
offers to provide, and, if accepted, does so provide, significant guidance and counsel concerning the management, operations or business
objectives and policies of a portfolio company. 

Temporary
Investments 

Pending
investment in other types of qualifying assets, as described above, our investments may consist of cash, cash equivalents,
U.S. government securities or high-quality debt securities maturing in one year or less from the time of investment, which we refer to,
collectively, as temporary investments, so that 70 of our assets are qualifying assets. Typically, we will invest in U.S. Treasury bills
or in repurchase agreements, provided that such agreements are fully collateralized by cash or securities issued by the U.S. government
or its agencies. A repurchase agreement involves the purchase by an investor, such as us, of a specified security and the simultaneous
agreement by the seller to repurchase it at an agreed-upon future date and at a price which is greater than the purchase price by an
amount that reflects an agreed-upon interest rate. There is no percentage restriction on the proportion of our assets that may be invested
in such repurchase agreements. However, if more than 25 of our gross assets constitute repurchase agreements from a single counterparty,
we would not meet the diversification tests in order to qualify as a RIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Thus, we do not intend
to enter into repurchase agreements with a single counterparty in excess of this limit. We will monitor the creditworthiness of the counterparties
with which we enter into repurchase agreement transactions. 

10 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Warrants
and Options 

Under
the 1940 Act, a BDC is subject to restrictions on the amount of warrants, options, restricted stock or rights to purchase shares of capital
stock that it may have outstanding at any time. Under the 1940 Act, we may generally only offer warrants provided that (i) the warrants
expire by their terms within ten years, (ii) the exercise or conversion price is not less than the current market value at the date of
issuance, (iii) our stockholders authorize the proposal to issue such warrants, and our Board of Directors approves such issuance on
the basis that the issuance is in the best interests of us and our stockholders and (iv) if the warrants are accompanied by other securities,
the warrants are not separately transferable unless no class of such warrants and the securities accompanying them has been publicly
distributed. The 1940 Act also provides that the amount of our voting securities that would result from the exercise of all outstanding
warrants, as well as options and rights, at the time of issuance may not exceed 25 of our outstanding voting securities. In particular,
the amount of capital stock that would result from the conversion or exercise of all outstanding warrants, options or rights to purchase
capital stock cannot exceed 25 of the BDC s total outstanding shares of capital stock. This amount is reduced to 20 of the BDC s
total outstanding shares of capital stock if the amount of warrants, options or rights issued pursuant to an executive compensation plan
would exceed 15 of the BDC s total outstanding shares of capital stock. 

Senior
Securities 

We
are permitted, under specified conditions, to issue multiple classes of indebtedness and one class of stock senior to our common stock
if our asset coverage, as defined in the 1940 Act, is at least equal to 200 (or 150 if certain requirements are met) immediately after
each such issuance. In addition, while any senior securities remain outstanding, we must make provisions to prohibit any distribution
to our stockholders or the repurchase of such securities or shares unless we meet the applicable asset coverage ratios at the time of
the distribution or repurchase. We may also borrow amounts up to 5 of the value of our gross assets for temporary or emergency purposes
without regard to asset coverage. For a discussion of the risks associated with leverage, see Risk Factors Risks Related
to Our Business and Structure Borrowings, such as our 6.00 Notes due 2026 (the 6.00 Notes due 2026 ), can magnify
the potential for gain or loss on amounts invested and may increase the risk of investing in us. in Part I, Item 1A of this Form
10-K. 

Code
of Ethics 

We
have adopted a code of ethics pursuant to Rule 17j-1 under the 1940 Act. This code establishes procedures for personal investments and
restricts certain transactions by our personnel. Our code of ethics and our code of business conduct and ethics are available on the
EDGAR Database on the SEC s Internet site at http://www.sec.gov , and are available on our website. You may also obtain copies
of our code of ethics and our code of business conduct and ethics, after paying a duplicating fee, by electronic request at the following
email address: publicinfo@sec.gov. 

Compliance
Policies and Procedures 

We
have adopted and implemented written policies and procedures reasonably designed to detect and prevent violation of the federal securities
laws and review these compliance policies and procedures annually for their adequacy and the effectiveness of their implementation. Our
Chief Compliance Officer is responsible for administering these policies and procedures. 

Compliance
with Corporate Governance Regulations 

The
Sarbanes-Oxley Act imposes a wide variety of regulatory requirements on publicly held companies and their insiders. Many of these requirements
affect us. For example: 

pursuant
 to Rule 13a-14 of the Exchange Act, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer must certify the accuracy of the financial
 statements contained in our periodic reports; 

pursuant
 to Item 307 of Regulation S-K, our periodic reports must disclose our conclusions about the effectiveness of our disclosure controls
 and procedures; 

pursuant
 to Rule 13a-15 of the Exchange Act, our management must prepare an annual report regarding its assessment of our internal control
 over financial reporting, and we must obtain an audit of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting performed
 by our independent registered public accounting firm if we are no longer a non-accelerated filer (as defined in Rule 12b-2 under
 the Exchange Act); and 

pursuant
 to Item 308 of Regulation S-K and Rule 13a-15 of the Exchange Act, our periodic reports must disclose whether there were significant
 changes in our internal control over financial reporting or in other factors that could significantly affect these controls subsequent
 to the date of their evaluation, including any corrective actions with regard to significant deficiencies and material weaknesses. 

11 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

The
Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires us to review our current policies and procedures to determine whether we comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
and the regulations promulgated thereunder. We will continue to monitor our compliance with all regulations that are adopted under the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act and will take actions necessary to ensure that we are in compliance therewith. 

In
addition, the Nasdaq Global Select Market has adopted various corporate governance requirements as part of its listing standards. We
believe we are in compliance with such corporate governance listing standards. We will continue to monitor our compliance with all future
listing standards and will take actions necessary to ensure that we are in compliance therewith. 

Proxy
Voting Policies and Procedures 

Proxy
Policies 

We
will vote proxies relating to our portfolio securities in what we perceive to be the best interests of our stockholders. We will review
on a case-by-case basis each proposal submitted for a vote to determine its impact on the portfolio securities held by us. Although we
will generally vote against proposals that may have a negative impact on our portfolio securities, we may vote for such a proposal if
there are compelling long-term reasons to do so. 

Our
proxy voting decisions are made by our executive officers and investment professionals who are responsible for monitoring the relevant
investments. To ensure that our vote is not the product of a conflict of interest, we require that: (1) anyone involved in the decision-making
process disclose to our Chief Compliance Officer any potential conflict that he or she is aware of and any contact that he or she has
had with any interested party regarding a proxy vote; and (2) employees involved in the decision-making process or vote administration
are prohibited from revealing how we intend to vote on a proposal without the prior approval of the Chief Compliance Officer and our
senior management in order to reduce any attempted influence from interested parties. 

Proxy
Voting Records 

You
may obtain information about how we voted proxies with respect to our portfolio securities by making a written request for proxy voting
information to: Chief Compliance Officer, SuRo Capital Corp., 640 Fifth Avenue, 12th Floor, New York, NY 10019 or compliance@surocap.com. 

Privacy
Principles 

We
are committed to maintaining the privacy of our stockholders and to safeguarding their non-public personal information. The following
information is provided to help you understand what personal information we collect, how we protect that information and why, in certain
cases, we may share information with select other parties. 

Generally,
we do not receive any non-public personal information relating to our stockholders, although certain non-public personal information
of our stockholders may become available to us. We do not disclose any non-public personal information about our stockholders or former
stockholders to anyone, except as permitted by law or as is necessary in order to service stockholder accounts (for example, to a transfer
agent or third-party administrator). 

We
restrict access to non-public personal information about our stockholders to our employees and affiliates with a legitimate business
need for the information. We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards designed to protect the non-public personal information
of our stockholders. 

Available
Information 

The
SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that
file electronically with the SEC. The address of that site is http://www.sec.gov . 

Our
internet address is www.surocap.com. We make available free of charge on our website our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly
reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements and amendments to those reports as soon as reasonably practicable
after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. The information on our website is not incorporated by reference
into and should not be considered to be part of this annual report on Form 10-K. 

12 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Material
U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations 

Included
in our consolidated financial statements are GSV Capital Lending, LLC, SuRo Capital Sports, LLC, and the following wholly-owned subsidiaries,
which are taxable subsidiaries (collectively, the Taxable Subsidiaries regardless of whether we qualify for tax treatment
as a RIC: GSVC AE Holdings, Inc., GSVC AV Holdings, Inc., GSVC SW Holdings, Inc., and GSVC SVDS Holdings, Inc. The Taxable Subsidiaries
are C corporations for U.S. federal and state income tax purposes. These taxable subsidiaries are not consolidated for income tax purposes
and may generate income tax expenses as a result of their ownership of the portfolio companies. Such income tax expenses and deferred
taxes, if any, will be reflected in our consolidated financial statements. 

We
evaluate tax positions taken, or expected to be taken, in the course of preparing our consolidated financial statements to determine
whether the tax positions are more-likely-than-not to be sustained by the applicable tax authority. We recognize the tax
benefits of uncertain tax positions only when the position has met the more-likely-than-not threshold. We classify penalties
and interest associated with income taxes, if any, as income tax expense. Conclusions regarding tax positions are subject to review and
may be adjusted at a later date based on factors including, but not limited to, ongoing analyses of tax laws, regulations and interpretations
thereof. We have identified our major tax jurisdictions as U.S. federal and New York. 

Election
to be Taxed as a RIC 

We
elected to be taxed as a RIC under the Code beginning with our taxable year ended December 31, 2014, and qualified for taxation as a
RIC for such taxable year and each of the subsequent taxable years. We intend to operate in a manner so as to qualify for taxation as
a RIC. So long as we maintain our qualification for taxation a RIC, we generally will not be required to pay U.S. federal income tax
at corporate rates on any ordinary income or capital gains that we timely distribute to our stockholders as dividends. To qualify for
taxation as a RIC, we must, among other things, meet certain source-of-income and asset diversification requirements (as described below).
In addition, in order to qualify for the special treatment accorded to RICs, we are required to distribute to our stockholders on a timely
basis each year at least 90 of our investment company taxable income, which is generally our net ordinary income plus
the excess of realized net short-term capital gains over realized net long-term capital losses (the Annual Distribution Requirement ). 

Taxation
as a Regulated Investment Company 

If
we: 

qualify
 as a RIC; and 

satisfy
 the Annual Distribution Requirement, 

then
we will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax on the portion of our income and capital gains that we timely distribute (or are deemed
to distribute) to stockholders. We will be subject to U.S. federal income tax at the regular corporate rates on any income, including
capital gains not distributed (or deemed distributed) to our stockholders. 

We
will be subject to a 4 nondeductible U.S. federal excise tax on certain undistributed income unless we distribute in a timely manner
each calendar year an amount equal to at least the sum of (1) 98 of our net ordinary income for each calendar year, (2) 98.2 of our
capital gains in excess of capital losses for the one-year period ending October 31 in that calendar year and (3) any ordinary income
and net capital gains that we recognized for preceding years but were not distributed during such years and on which we paid no U.S.
federal income tax (the Excise Tax Avoidance Requirement ). While we intend to timely distribute our income and capital
gains in order to avoid imposition of this 4 U.S. federal excise tax, we may not be successful in avoiding entirely the imposition of
this tax. In that case, we will be liable for the tax only on the amount by which we do not meet the foregoing distribution requirement. 

In
order to qualify as a RIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we must, among other things: 

continue
 to qualify as a BDC under the 1940 Act at all times during each taxable year; 

derive
 in each taxable year at least 90 of our gross income from dividends, interest, payments with respect to loans of certain securities,
 gains from the sale of stock or other securities or foreign currencies, other income derived with respect to our business of investing
 in such stock or securities and net income from qualified publicly traded partnerships (the 90 Income Test 
 and 

13 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

diversify
 our holdings so that at the end of each quarter of the taxable year: 

at
 least 50 of the value of our assets consists of cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities, securities of other RICs, and
 other securities if such other securities of any one issuer do not represent more than 5 of the value of our assets or more than
 10 of the outstanding voting securities of the issuer (the 50 Diversification Test and 

no
 more than 25 of the value of our assets is invested in the securities of one issuer, other than U.S. government securities or securities
 of other RICs, the securities (other than securities of other RICs) of two or more issuers that are controlled, as determined under
 applicable Code rules, by us and that are engaged in the same or similar or related trades or the securities of businesses, or of
 certain qualified publicly traded partnerships (the 25 Diversification Test, and together with the 50 
 Diversification Test, the Diversification Tests ). 

If
we satisfy the Diversification Tests as of the close of any quarter, we will not fail the Diversification Tests as of the close of a
subsequent quarter as a consequence of a discrepancy between the value of our assets and the requirements of the Diversification Tests
that is attributable solely to fluctuations in the value of our assets. Rather, we will fail the Diversification Tests as of the end
of a subsequent quarter only if such a discrepancy existed immediately after our acquisition of any asset and such discrepancy is wholly
or partly the result of that acquisition. In addition, if we fail the Diversification Tests as of the end of any quarter, we will not
lose our status as a RIC if we eliminate the discrepancy within thirty days of the end of such quarter and, if we eliminate the discrepancy
within that thirty-day period, we will be treated as having satisfied the Diversification Tests as of the end of such quarter for purposes
of applying the rule described in the preceding sentence. 

We
may be required to recognize taxable income in circumstances in which we do not receive cash. For example, if we hold debt obligations
that are treated under applicable tax rules as having original issue discount (which may arise if we receive warrants in connection with
the origination of a loan or possibly in other circumstances), we must include in income each year a portion of the original issue discount
that accrues over the life of the obligation, regardless of whether cash representing such income is received by us in the same taxable
year. We may also have to include in income other amounts that we have not yet received in cash, such as contractual payment-in-kind,
or PIK, interest (which represents contractual interest added to the loan balance and due at the end of the loan term) or dividends and
deferred loan origination fees that are paid after origination of the loan or are paid in non-cash compensation such as warrants or stock.
Because any original issue discount or other amounts accrued will be included in our investment company taxable income for the year of
accrual, we may be required to make a distribution to our stockholders in order to satisfy the Annual Distribution Requirement and the
Excise Tax Avoidance Requirement, even though we will not have received any corresponding cash amount. 

We
will be subject to certain asset coverage ratio requirements under the 1940 Act and financial covenants under loan and credit agreements
that could, under certain circumstances, restrict us from making distributions necessary to satisfy the Annual Distribution Requirement.
See Regulation as a Business Development Company Senior Securities. Moreover, our ability to dispose of assets
to meet our distribution requirements may be limited by (1) the illiquid nature of our portfolio and/or (2) other requirements relating
to our status as a RIC, including the Diversification Tests. If we dispose of assets in order to meet the Annual Distribution Requirement
or the Excise Tax Avoidance Requirement, we may make such dispositions at times that, from an investment standpoint, are not advantageous. 

We
may be required to sell assets in order to satisfy the Diversification Tests. However, our ability to dispose of assets to meet the Diversification
Tests may be limited by the illiquid nature of our portfolio. If we dispose of assets in order to meet the Diversification Tests, we
may make such dispositions at times that, from an investment standpoint, are not advantageous and may result in substantial losses. 

We
may invest in partnerships, including qualified publicly traded partnerships, which may result in our being subject to state, local or
foreign income taxes, franchise taxes, or withholding liabilities. To the extent that we invest in entities treated as partnerships for
U.S. federal income tax purposes (other than a qualified publicly-traded partnership ), we generally must include the items
of gross income derived by the partnerships for purposes of the 90 Income Test, and the income that is derived from a partnership (other
than a qualified publicly-traded partnership will be treated as qualifying income for purposes of the 90 Income Test
only to the extent that such income is attributable to items of income of the partnership which would be qualifying income if realized
by us directly. 

In
order to meet the 90 Income Test, we may establish one or more special purpose corporations to hold assets from which we do not anticipate
earning dividend, interest or other qualifying income under the 90 Income Test. Any investments held through a special purpose corporation
would generally be subject to U.S. federal income and other taxes, and therefore we can expect to achieve a reduced after-tax yield on
such investments. 

14 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Certain
of our investment practices may be subject to special and complex U.S. federal income tax provisions that may, among other things: (i)
disallow, suspend or otherwise limit the allowance of certain losses or deductions; (ii) convert lower taxed long-term capital gain into
higher taxed short-term capital gain or ordinary income; (iii) convert an ordinary loss or a deduction into a capital loss (the deductibility
of which is more limited); (iv) cause us to recognize income or gain without a corresponding receipt of cash; (v) adversely affect the
time as to when a purchase or sale of securities is deemed to occur; (vi) adversely alter the characterization of certain complex financial
transactions; and (vii) produce income that will not be qualifying income for purposes of the 90 Income Test described above. We will
monitor our transactions and may make certain tax elections in order to mitigate the potential adverse effect of these provisions. 

A
portfolio company may face financial difficulty that requires us to work-out, modify or otherwise restructure our investment in the portfolio
company. Any such restructuring may result in unusable capital losses and future non-cash income. Any restructuring may also result in
our recognition of a substantial amount of non-qualifying income for purposes of the 90 Income Test. 

Gain
or loss realized by us from the sale or exchange of warrants acquired by us as well as any loss attributable to the lapse of such warrants
generally will be treated as capital gain or loss. The treatment of such gain or loss as long-term or short-term will depend on how long
we held a particular warrant. Upon the exercise of a warrant acquired by us, our adjusted tax basis in the stock purchased under the
warrant will equal the sum of the amount paid for the warrant plus the strike price paid on the exercise of the warrant. 

As
a RIC, we are generally limited in our ability to deduct expenses in excess of our investment company taxable income (which
is, generally, ordinary income plus the excess of net short-term capital gains over net long-term capital losses). If our expenses in
a given year exceed investment company taxable income, we would experience a net operating loss for that year. However, a RIC is not
permitted to carry forward net operating losses to subsequent years. In addition, expenses can be used only to offset investment company
taxable income, not net capital gain. Due to these limits on the deductibility of expenses, we may, for tax purposes, have aggregate
taxable income or net capital gains for several years that we are required to distribute and that is taxable to our stockholders even
if such income or net capital gains is greater than the aggregate net income we actually earned during those years. Such required distributions
may be made from the Company s cash assets or by liquidation of investments, if necessary. We may realize gains or losses from
such liquidations. In the event we realize net capital gains from such transactions, a stockholder may receive a larger capital gain
distribution than it would have received in the absence of such transactions. 

Our
investment in non-U.S. securities may be subject to non-U.S. income, withholding and other taxes. In that case, our yield on those securities
would be decreased. Stockholders will generally not be entitled to claim a credit or deduction with respect to non-U.S. taxes paid by
us. 

If
we purchase shares in a passive foreign investment company (a PFIC ), we may be subject to U.S. federal income
tax on our allocable share of a portion of any excess distribution received on, or any gain from the disposition of, such
shares. Additional charges in the nature of interest generally will be imposed on us in respect of deferred taxes arising from any such
excess distribution or gain. This additional tax and interest may apply even if we make a distribution in an amount equal to any excess
distribution or gain from the disposition of such shares as a taxable dividend by us to our shareholders. If we invest in a PFIC
and elect to treat the PFIC as a qualified electing fund under the Code (a QEF ), in lieu of the foregoing
requirements, we will be required to include in income each year our proportionate share of the ordinary earnings and net capital gain
of the QEF, even if such income is not distributed by the QEF. Alternatively, we may be able to elect to mark-to-market at the end of
each taxable year its shares in a PFIC; in this case, we will recognize as ordinary income our allocable share of any increase in the
value of such shares, and as ordinary loss our allocable share of any decrease in such value to the extent that any such decrease does
not exceed prior increases included in our income. Under either election, we may be required to recognize in a year income in excess
of distributions from PFICs and proceeds from dispositions of PFIC stock during that year, and such income will nevertheless be subject
to the Annual Distribution Requirement and will be taken into account for purposes of the 4 U.S. federal excise tax. 

Failure
to Maintain our Qualification as a RIC 

If
we fail to satisfy the 90 Income Test or the Diversification Tests for any taxable year, we may nevertheless continue to qualify as
a RIC for such year if certain relief provisions are applicable (which may, among other things, require us to pay certain U.S. federal
income taxes at corporate rates or to dispose of certain assets). 

15 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

If
we were unable to qualify for treatment as a RIC and the foregoing relief provisions are not applicable, we would be subject to tax on
all of our taxable income at regular corporate rates, regardless of whether we make any distributions to our stockholders. Distributions
would not be required, and any distributions would be taxable to our stockholders as ordinary dividend income that, subject to certain
limitations, may be eligible for the 20 maximum rate to the extent of our current and accumulated earnings and profits provided certain
holding period and other requirements were met. Subject to certain limitations under the Code, corporate distributees would be eligible
for the dividends-received deduction. Distributions in excess of our current and accumulated earnings and profits would be treated first
as a return of capital that would reduce the stockholder s adjusted tax basis in its common stock (and correspondingly increase
such stockholder s gain, or reduce such stockholder s loss, on disposition of such common stock), and any remaining distributions
would be treated as a capital gain. To requalify as a RIC in a subsequent taxable year, we would be required to satisfy the RIC qualification
requirements for that year and dispose of any earnings and profits from any year in which we failed to qualify as a RIC. Subject to a
limited exception applicable to RICs that qualified as such under Subchapter M of the Code for at least one year prior to disqualification
and that requalify as a RIC no later than the second year following the nonqualifying year, we could be subject to tax on any unrealized
net built-in gains in the assets held by us during the period in which we failed to qualify as a RIC that are recognized within the subsequent
five years, unless we made a special election to pay U.S. federal income tax at corporate rates on such built-in gain at the time of
our requalification as a RIC. 

Tax
matters are complicated and the tax consequences to an investor of an investment in our common stock will depend on the facts of his,
her or its particular situation. We encourage investors to consult their own tax advisers regarding the specific consequences of such
an investment, including tax reporting requirements, the applicability of U.S. federal, state, local and foreign tax laws, eligibility
for the benefits of any applicable tax treaty and the effect of any possible changes in the tax laws. 

See
 Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business and Structure in Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10-K and Note 2 Significant
Accounting Policies U.S. Federal and State Income Taxes and Note 9 Income Taxes to our consolidated
financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 for further detail. 

Item
1A. Risk Factors 

Investing
in our securities involves a number of significant risks. In addition to the other information contained in this annual report on Form
10-K, you should consider carefully the following information before making an investment in our securities. Although the risks described
below represent the principal risks associated with an investment in us, they are not the only risks we face. Additional risks and uncertainties
not presently known to us might also impair our operations and performance. If any of the following events occur, our business, financial
condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. In such case, our net asset value and the trading price
of our common stock could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. 

Summary
of Principal Risk Factors 

The
following is a summary of the principal risks that you should carefully consider before investing in our securities and is followed by
a more detailed discussion of the material risks related to us and an investment in our securities. 

We
are subject to risks related to our investments, including but not limited to the following: 

Our
 investments in the rapidly growing venture-capital-backed emerging companies that we target may be extremely risky and we could lose
 all or part of our investments. 

In
 the event that we make an investment in a sponsor of a SPAC and the underlying SPAC does not consummate a business combination, we
 will lose the entirety of our investment. 

Because
 our investments are generally not in publicly traded securities, there will be uncertainty regarding the value of our investments,
 which could adversely affect the determination of our net asset value. 

The
 lack of liquidity in, and potentially extended holding period of, our many investments may adversely affect our business and will
 delay any distributions of gains, if any. 

Technology-related
 sectors in which we invest are subject to many risks, including volatility, intense competition, decreasing life cycles, product
 obsolescence, changing consumer preferences, periodic downturns, regulatory concerns and litigation risks. 

16 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Our
 portfolio is concentrated in a limited number of portfolio companies or market sectors, which subjects us to a risk of significant
 loss if the business or market position of these companies deteriorates or market sectors experiences a market downturn. 

Because
 we will generally not hold controlling equity interests in our portfolio companies, we will likely not be in a position to exercise
 control over our portfolio companies or to prevent decisions by substantial stockholders or management of our portfolio companies
 that could decrease the value of our investments. 

We
are subject to risks related to our business and structure, including but not limited to the following: 

As
 an internally managed BDC, we are subject to certain restrictions that may adversely affect our business and are dependent upon our
 management team and investment professionals for our future success. 

Our
 business model depends upon the development and maintenance of strong referral relationships with private equity, venture capital
 funds and investment banking firms. 

Our
 financial condition and results of operations will depend on our ability to achieve our investment objective. 

Changes
 in laws or regulations governing our operations may adversely affect our business or cause us to alter our business strategy. 

Economic,
 political and market conditions may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

We
 are exposed to risks associated with changes in interest rates and inflation rates. 

We
 operate in a highly competitive market for direct equity investment opportunities. 

Our
 use of borrowed funds to make investments exposes us to risks typically associated with leverage. 

Ineffective
 internal controls could impact our business and operating results. 

We
 face cyber-security risks. 

Risks
related to our securities, include but are not limited to the following: 

Investing
 in our securities may involve an above average degree of risk. 

Our
 common stock price may be volatile and may decrease substantially. 

We
 may not be able to pay distributions to our stockholders and our distributions may not grow over time. 

Our
 stockholders may experience dilution upon the issuance of additional shares of our common stock. 

If
 we default under any future credit facility or any other future indebtedness, we may not be able to make payments on the 6.00 Notes
 due 2026. 

We
 may choose to redeem the 6.00 Notes due 2026 when prevailing interest rates are relatively low. 

An
 active trading market for the 6.00 Notes due 2026 may not develop or be maintained, which could limit a holder s ability to
 sell the 6.00 Notes due 2026 and/or adversely impact the market price of the 6.00 Notes due 2026. 

We
 will be subject to U.S. federal income tax at corporate rates if we are profitable and are unable to qualify as a RIC, which could
 have a material adverse effect on us and our stockholders. 

17 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Risks
Related to Our Investments 

Our
investments in the rapidly growing venture-capital-backed emerging companies that we target may be extremely risky and we could lose
all or part of our investments. 

Investment
in the rapidly growing venture-capital-backed emerging companies that we target involves a number of significant risks, including the
following: 

these
 companies may have limited financial resources and may be unable to meet their obligations under their existing debt, which may lead
 to equity financings, possibly at discounted valuations, in which we could be substantially diluted if we do not or cannot participate,
 bankruptcy or liquidation and the reduction or loss of our equity investment; 

they
 typically have limited operating histories, narrower, less established product lines and smaller market shares than larger businesses,
 which tend to render them more vulnerable to competitors actions, market conditions and consumer sentiment in respect of their
 products or services, as well as general economic downturns; 

they
 generally have less predictable operating results, may from time to time be parties to litigation, may be engaged in rapidly changing
 businesses with products subject to a substantial risk of obsolescence, and may require substantial additional capital to support
 their operations, finance expansion or maintain their competitive position; 

some
 of these private companies may currently experience operating losses, which may be substantial, and there can be no assurance when
 or if such companies will operate at a profit; 

because
 they are privately owned, there is generally little publicly available information about these businesses; therefore, although we
 will perform due diligence investigations on these portfolio companies, their operations and their prospects, we may not learn all
 of the material information we need to know regarding these businesses and, in the case of investments we acquire on private secondary
 transactions, we may be unable to obtain financial or other information regarding the companies with respect to which we invest.
 Furthermore, there can be no assurance that the information that we do obtain with respect to any investment is reliable; 

these
 private companies frequently have much more complex capital structures than traditional publicly traded companies, and may have multiple
 classes of equity securities with differing rights, including with respect to voting and distributions. In certain cases, these private
 companies may also have senior or pari passu preferred stock or senior debt outstanding, which may heighten the risk of investing
 in the underlying equity of such private companies, particularly in circumstance when we have limited information with respect to
 such capital structures; and 

they
 are more likely to depend on the management talents and efforts of a small group of persons; therefore, the death, disability, resignation
 or termination of one or more of these persons could have a material adverse impact on the portfolio company and, in turn, on us. 

A
portfolio company s failure to satisfy financial or operating covenants imposed by its lenders could lead to defaults and, potentially,
termination of its loans and foreclosure on its assets, which could trigger cross-defaults under other agreements and jeopardize our
equity investment in such portfolio company. We may incur expenses to the extent necessary to seek recovery of our equity investment
or to negotiate new terms with a financially distressed portfolio company. 

18 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Because
our investments are generally not in publicly traded securities, there will be uncertainty regarding the value of our investments, which
could adversely affect the determination of our net asset value. 

Our
portfolio investments will generally not be in publicly traded securities. As a result, although we expect that some of our equity investments
may trade on private secondary marketplaces, the fair value of our direct investments in portfolio companies will often not be readily
determinable. Under the 1940 Act, for our investments for which there are no readily available market quotations, including securities
that, while listed on a private securities exchange, have not actively traded, we will value such securities at fair value quarterly
as determined in good faith by our Board of Directors based upon the recommendation of the Valuation Committee in accordance with our
written valuation policy and in compliance with Rule 2a-5. In connection with that determination, our executive officers and investment
professionals will prepare portfolio company valuations using, where available, the most recent portfolio company financial statements
and forecasts. The Valuation Committee utilizes the services of an independent valuation firm, which prepares valuations for each of
our portfolio investments that are not publicly traded or for which we do not have readily available market quotations, including securities
that while listed on a private securities exchange, have not actively traded. However, the Board of Directors retains ultimate authority
as to the appropriate valuation of each such investment. The types of factors that the Valuation Committee takes into account in providing
its fair value recommendation to the Board of Directors with respect to such non-traded investments include, as relevant and, to the
extent available, the portfolio company s earnings, the markets in which the portfolio company does business, comparison to valuations
of publicly traded companies, comparisons to recent sales of comparable companies, the discounted value of the cash flows of the portfolio
company and other relevant factors. This information may not be available because it is difficult to obtain financial and other information
with respect to private companies, and even when we are able to obtain such information, there can be no assurance that it is complete
or accurate. Because such valuations are inherently uncertain and may be based on estimates, our determinations of fair value may differ
materially from the values that would be assessed if a readily available market for these securities existed. Due to this uncertainty,
our fair value determinations with respect to any non-traded investments we hold may cause our net asset value on a given date to materially
understate or overstate the value that we may ultimately realize on one or more of our investments. As a result, investors purchasing
our securities based on an overstated net asset value would pay a higher price than the value of our investments might warrant. Conversely,
investors selling securities during a period in which the net asset value understates the value of our investments would receive a lower
price for their securities than the value of our investments might warrant. 

The
securities of our private portfolio companies are illiquid, and the inability of these portfolio companies to complete an IPO or consummate
another liquidity event within our targeted time frame will extend the holding period of our investments, may adversely affect the value
of these investments, and will delay the distribution of gains, if any. 

The
IPO market is, by its very nature, unpredictable. A lack of IPO opportunities for venture capital-backed companies could lead to companies
staying longer in our portfolio as private entities still requiring funding. This situation may adversely affect the amount of available
venture capital funding to late-stage companies that cannot complete an IPO. Such stagnation could dampen returns or could lead to unrealized
depreciation and realized losses as some companies run short of cash and have to accept lower valuations in private fundings or are not
able to access additional capital at all. A lack of IPO opportunities for venture capital-backed companies may also cause some venture
capital firms to change their strategies, leading some of them to reduce funding of their portfolio companies and making it more difficult
for such companies to access capital. This might result in unrealized depreciation and realized losses in such companies by other investment
funds, like us, who are co-investors in such companies. There can be no assurance that we will be able to achieve our targeted return
on our portfolio company investments if, as and when they go public. 

The
equity securities we acquire in a private company are generally subject to contractual transfer limitations imposed on the company s
stockholders as well as other contractual obligations, such as rights of first refusal and co-sale rights. These obligations generally
expire only upon an IPO by the company or the occurrence of another liquidity/exit event. As a result, prior to an IPO or other liquidity/exit
event, our ability to liquidate our private portfolio company positions may be constrained. Transfer restrictions could limit our ability
to liquidate our positions in these securities if we are unable to find buyers acceptable to our portfolio companies, or where applicable,
their stockholders. Such buyers may not be willing to purchase our investments at adequate prices or in volumes sufficient to liquidate
our position, and even where they are willing, other stockholders could exercise their co-sale rights to participate in the sale, thereby
reducing the number of shares available to sell by us. Furthermore, prospective buyers may be deterred from entering into purchase transactions
with us due to the delay and uncertainty that these transfer and other limitations create. 

If
the private companies in which we invest do not perform as planned, they may be unable to successfully complete an IPO or consummate
another liquidity event within our targeted time frame, or they may decide to abandon their plans for an IPO. In such cases, we will
likely exceed our targeted holding period and the value of these investments may decline substantially if an IPO or other exit is no
longer viable. We may also be forced to take other steps to exit these investments. 

The
illiquidity of our private portfolio company investments, including those that are traded on the trading platforms of private secondary
marketplaces, may make it difficult for us to sell such investments should the need arise. Also, if we were required to liquidate all
or a portion of our portfolio quickly, we may realize significantly less than the value at which we have previously recorded our investments.
We will have no limitation on the portion of our portfolio that may be invested in illiquid securities, and we anticipate that all or
a substantial portion of our portfolio may be invested in such illiquid securities at all times. Due to the inherent uncertainty in determining
the fair value of investments that do not have a readily available market value, the fair value of our investments determined in good
faith by our Board of Directors may differ significantly from the value that would have been used had a ready market existed for such
investments, and the differences could be material. 

In
addition, even if a portfolio company completes an IPO, we will typically not be able to sell our position until any applicable post-IPO
lockup restriction expires. As a result of lockup restrictions, the market price of securities that we hold may decline substantially
before we are able to sell them following an IPO. There is also no assurance that a meaningful trading market will develop for our publicly
traded portfolio companies following an IPO to allow us to liquidate our position when we desire. 

19 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

We
may not realize gains from our equity investments and, because certain of our portfolio companies may incur substantial debt to finance
their operations, we may experience a complete loss on our equity investments in the event of a bankruptcy or liquidation of any of our
portfolio companies. 

We
invest principally in the equity and equity-related securities of what we believe to be rapidly growing venture-capital-backed emerging
companies. However, the equity interests we acquire may not appreciate in value and, in fact, may decline in value. 

In
addition, the private company securities we acquire may be subject to drag-along rights, which could permit other stockholders, under
certain circumstances, to force us to liquidate our position in a subject company at a specified price, which could be, in our opinion,
inadequate or undesirable or even below our cost basis. In this event, we could realize a loss or fail to realize gain in an amount that
we deem appropriate on our investment. Further, capital market volatility and the overall market environment may preclude our portfolio
companies from realizing liquidity events and impede our exit from these investments. Accordingly, we may not be able to realize gains
from our equity interests, and any gains that we do realize on the disposition of any equity interests may not be sufficient to offset
any other losses we experience. We will generally have little, if any, control over the timing of any gains we may realize from our equity
investments unless and until the portfolio companies in which we invest become publicly traded. In addition, the companies in which we
invest may have substantial debt loads. In such cases, we would typically be last in line behind any creditors in a bankruptcy or liquidation
and would likely experience a complete loss on our investment. 

Many
of our portfolio companies are currently experiencing operating losses, which may be substantial, and there can be no assurance when
or if such companies will operate at a profit. 

We
have limited information about the financial performance and profitability of some of our portfolio companies. While certain of our portfolio
companies have earned net income in recent periods, we believe that many of our portfolio companies are currently experiencing operating
losses. There can be no assurance when or if such companies will operate at a profit. 

The
lack of liquidity in, and potentially extended holding period of, our many investments may adversely affect our business and will delay
any distributions of gains, if any. 

Our
investments will generally not be in publicly traded securities. Although we expect that some of our equity investments will trade on
private secondary marketplaces, certain of the securities we hold will be subject to legal and other restrictions on resale or will otherwise
be less liquid than publicly traded securities. In addition, while some portfolio companies may trade on private secondary marketplaces,
we can provide no assurance that such a trading market will continue or remain active, or that we will be able to sell our position in
any portfolio company at the time we desire to do so and at the price we anticipate. The illiquidity of our investments, including those
that are traded on private secondary marketplaces, will make it difficult for us to sell such investments if the need arises. Also, if
we are required to liquidate all or a portion of our portfolio quickly, we may realize significantly less than the value at which we
have previously recorded our investments. We have no limitation on the portion of our portfolio that may be invested in illiquid securities,
and a substantial portion or all of our portfolio may be invested in such illiquid securities from time to time. 

In
addition, because we generally invest in equity and equity-related securities, with respect to the majority of our portfolio companies,
we do not expect regular realization events, if any, to occur in the near term. We expect that our holdings of equity securities may
require several years to appreciate in value, and we can offer no assurance that such appreciation will occur. Even if such appreciation
does occur, it is likely that initial purchasers of our shares could wait for an extended period of time before any appreciation or sale
of our investments, and any attendant distributions of gains, may be realized. 

Our
portfolio is concentrated in a limited number of portfolio companies or market sectors, which subjects us to a risk of significant loss
if the business or market position of these companies deteriorates or market sectors experiences a market downturn. 

A
consequence of our limited number of investments is that the aggregate returns we realize may be significantly adversely affected if
a small number of investments perform poorly or if we need to write down the value of any one investment. For example, as of December
31, 2022, 58.4 of our net asset value was comprised of investments in ten portfolio companies. Beyond the asset diversification requirements
necessary to qualify as a RIC, we have general guidelines for diversification, however our investments could be concentrated in relatively
few issuers. In addition, our investments may be concentrated in a limited number of market sectors, including in technology-related
sectors. As a result, a downturn in any market sector in which a significant number of our portfolio companies operate or the deterioration
of the market position of any portfolio company in which we have a material position could materially adversely affect us. 

20 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Our portfolio may be exposed in part to one
or more specific industries, which may subject us to a risk of significant loss in a particular investment or investments if there is
a downturn in that particular industry. In particular, technology-related sectors in which we invest are subject to many risks, including
volatility, intense competition, decreasing life cycles, product obsolescence, changing consumer preferences, periodic downturns, regulatory
concerns and litigation risks. 

Our portfolio may be exposed in part to one or more specific industries.
A downturn in any particular industry in which we are invested could significantly impact the aggregate returns we realize. If an industry
in which we have significant investments suffers from adverse business or economic conditions, a material portion of our investment portfolio
could be adversely affected, which, in turn, could adversely affect our financial position and results of operations. 

Given the experience of our executive officers and investment professionals
within the technology space, a number of the companies in which we have invested and intend to invest operate in technology-related sectors,
and as of December 31, 2022, our largest industry concentrations of our total investments at fair value were in the education technology
sector, which represented approximately 39.4 of our portfolio, and the financial technology sector, which represented approximately 24.2 
of our portfolio. Additionally, our investments in the marketplaces sector represented approximately 17.4 of our portfolio. Therefore,
we are susceptible to the economic circumstances and market conditions in these industries, and a downturn in one or more of these industries
could have a material adverse effect. 

Our investment in the education technology industry is subject to substantial
risks. The revenue, income (or losses) and valuations of technology-related companies can and often do fluctuate suddenly and dramatically.
In addition, because of rapid technological change, the average selling prices of products and some services provided by companies in
technology-related sectors have historically decreased over their productive lives. In addition, our portfolio companies in these sectors
face intense competition since their businesses are rapidly evolving, intensely competitive and subject to changing technology, shifting
user needs and frequent introductions of new products and services. For example, new technologies, including those based on artificial
intelligence, can provide students with more immediate responses to inquiries that traditional tools, and over time, the accuracy of these
tools and their ability to handle complex questions may improve, all of which may be disruptive to education technology businesses. 

Potential competitors to our portfolio companies in the education technology
industry range from large and established companies to emerging start-ups. Further, such companies may be subject to laws that were adopted
prior to the advent of the Internet and related technologies and, as a result, may not contemplate or address the unique issues of the
Internet and related technologies. The laws that do reference the Internet are being interpreted by the courts, but their applicability
and scope remain uncertain. Claims have been threatened and filed under both U.S. and foreign laws for defamation, invasion of privacy
and other tort claims, unlawful activity, copyright and trademark infringement, or other theories based on the nature and content of the
materials searched and the ads posted by a company s users, a company s products and services, or content generated by a company s
users. Further, the growth of technology-related companies into a variety of new fields implicate a variety of new regulatory issues and
may subject such companies to increased regulatory scrutiny, particularly in the U.S. and Europe. Education technology has been a subject
of particular scrutiny; for example, in 2019, certain members of the United States Senate circulated letters to education technology companies
regarding their concerns about the amount of data being collected on students utilizing such technologies and the potential safety and
security risks to children related to such data collection. Evolving regulatory landscapes and our portfolio companies mandated
compliance with new laws and regulations could add new challenges to their operations and negatively affect such companies results
of operations and, in turn, our business. 

Similarly, our investments in the financial technology industry are subject
to substantial risks. These companies may be unseasoned, unprofitable or have no established operating histories or earnings and may lack
technical, marketing, financial and other resources. These companies often have the need for substantial additional capital to support
expansion or to achieve or maintain a competitive position. Less established companies tend to have lower capitalization and fewer resources
and, therefore, are often more vulnerable to financial failure. These companies may be dependent upon the success of one product or service,
a unique distribution channel, or the effectiveness of a manager or management team. The failure of this one product, service or distribution
channel, or the loss or ineffectiveness of a key executive or executives within the management team may have a materially adverse impact
on such companies. Such companies may face intense competition, including competition from companies with greater financial resources,
more extensive development, manufacturing, marketing and service capabilities and a larger number of qualified managerial and technical
personnel. Further, these companies operate in the highly regulated finance sector, and evolving regulatory regimes specific to financial
technology companies and unclear application of existing laws and regulations to financial technology company products or services may
provide new challenges to such companies operations and negatively impact their results of operations and, in turn, our business. 

Finally, our investments in the marketplaces sector are subject to substantial
risks. These investments include portfolio companies in sub-industry sectors such as pharmaceutical technology, micromobility and real
estate platforms, all of which are subject to increasing regulatory scrutiny as technological advancements have permitted greater connectivity
and remote consumer engagement. Shifting market trends, intense competition and changing regulations specific to any such sub-industry
could have a significant impact on our portfolio companies operations and, in turn, our business, performance and results of operations. 

Common to all of the education technology, financial technology and marketplace
sectors are risks related to cybersecurity. Any of the portfolio companies in these sectors could be required to make a significant investment
to remedy the effects of any cybersecurity incident, harm to their reputations, legal claims that they and their respective affiliates
may be subjected to, regulatory action or enforcement arising out of applicable privacy and other laws, adverse publicity, and other events
that may affect their business and financial performance. The increased use of mobile and cloud technologies can heighten these and other
operational risks. 

Any of these factors could materially and adversely affect the business
and operations of a portfolio company in the technology industry and, in turn, adversely affect the value of these portfolio companies
and the value of any securities that we may hold. 

Our financial results could be negatively
affected if a significant portfolio company fails to perform as expected. 

Our total investment in companies may be significant individually or in
the aggregate. As a result, if a significant investment in one or more companies fails to perform as expected, our financial results could
be more negatively affected and the magnitude of the loss could be more significant than if we had made smaller investments in more companies.
The following table shows the cost and fair value of our ten largest portfolio company positions as of December 31, 2022: 

Portfolio Company 
 Cost 
 Fair Value 
 of Net Asset Value 
 
 Learneo, Inc. (f/k/a Course Hero, Inc.) 
 14,999,972 
 50,541,374 
 24.1 
 
 Blink Health, Inc. 
 15,004,340 
 10,949,898 
 5.2 
 
 Orchard Technologies, Inc. 
 10,505,697 
 10,499,996 
 4.9 
 
 Locus Robotics Corp. 
 10,004,286 
 10,000,005 
 4.8 
 
 Architect Capital PayJoy SPV, LLC 
 10,006,745 
 10,000,000 
 4.8 
 
 Stormwind, LLC 
 6,387,741 
 9,950,835 
 4.7 
 
 Aspiration Partners, Inc. 
 1,283,005 
 6,541,511 
 3.1 
 
 Whoop, Inc. 
 10,011,460 
 6,084,041 
 2.9 
 
 Forge Global, Inc. 
 3,443,483 
 4,338,968 
 2.1 
 
 Nextdoor Holdings, Inc. 
 10,002,666 
 3,712,977 
 1.8 
 
 Total 
 91,649,395 
 122,619,605 
 58.4 

21 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

We
may be limited in our ability to make follow-on investments, and our failure to make follow-on investments in our portfolio companies
could impair the value of our portfolio. 

Following
an initial investment in a portfolio company, we may make additional investments in that portfolio company as follow-on 
investments, in order to: (1) increase or maintain in whole or in part our equity ownership percentage; (2) exercise warrants, options
or convertible securities that were acquired in the original or subsequent financing; or (3) attempt to preserve or enhance the value
of our investment. 

We
may elect not to make follow-on investments, or may otherwise lack sufficient funds to make those investments or lack access to desired
follow-on investment opportunities. We have the discretion to make any follow-on investments, subject to the availability of capital
resources and of the investment opportunity. The failure to make follow-on investments may, in some circumstances, jeopardize the continued
viability of a portfolio company and our initial investment, or may result in a missed opportunity for us to increase our participation
in a successful operation. Even if we have sufficient capital to make a desired follow-on investment, we may elect not to make a follow-on
investment because we may not want to increase our concentration of risk, because we prefer other opportunities, or because we are inhibited
by compliance with BDC requirements or the desire to qualify to maintain our status as a RIC, or we lack access to the desired follow-on
investment opportunity. 

In
addition, we may be unable to complete follow-on investments in our portfolio companies that have conducted an IPO as a result of regulatory
or financial restrictions. This or any of the preceding rationales for failing to undertake a follow-on investment could impact our portfolio
companies performance and, thus, its value. 

Because
we will generally not hold controlling equity interests in our portfolio companies, we will likely not be in a position to exercise control
over our portfolio companies or to prevent decisions by substantial stockholders or management of our portfolio companies that could
decrease the value of our investments. 

Generally,
we will not take controlling equity positions in our portfolio companies. As a result, we will be subject to the risk that a portfolio
company may make business decisions with which we disagree, and the stockholders and management of a portfolio company may take risks
or otherwise act in ways that are adverse to our interests. In addition, other stockholders, such as venture capital and private equity
sponsors, that have substantial investments in our portfolio companies may have interests that differ from that of the portfolio company
or its minority stockholders, which may lead them to take actions that could materially and adversely affect the value of our investment
in the portfolio company. Due to the lack of liquidity for the equity and equity-related investments that we will typically hold in our
portfolio companies, we may not be able to dispose of our investments in the event we disagree with the actions of a portfolio company
or its substantial stockholders, and may therefore suffer a decrease in the value of our investments. 

In
the event that we make an investment in a sponsor of a SPAC and the SPAC does not consummate a business combination, we will lose the
entirety of our investment. 

We
will lose the entirety of our investment in a sponsor of a SPAC if the underlying SPAC fails to consummate a business combination. Any
investment by us in a sponsor of a SPAC will not have the same redemption rights that a direct investment in a SPAC may have. As such,
there is a unique risk of experiencing a complete loss on our investment when we invest in a sponsor of a SPAC. 

The
number of founder shares allocated to us in respect of any investment in a sponsor of a SPAC may be reduced or otherwise subjected to
forfeiture/dilution in the event that the sponsor of a SPAC raises additional capital. 

In
certain circumstances, the managing member of the sponsor of a SPAC in which we invest may determine that the underlying SPAC requires
additional working capital following the IPO of the underlying SPAC but prior to a business combination, as contemplated by the underlying
SPAC s registration statement. Typically, the managing member of the sponsor of a SPAC, in his or her sole and absolute discretion,
may permit existing or new members in the sponsor of a SPAC, including us, to make loans to the underlying SPAC or to make additional
equity investments in the sponsor of the SPAC as needed. Accordingly, we typically will have no right to participate in any such loans
or equity investments unless the managing member, in his or her sole discretion, offers us the opportunity to invest in any such loans
or equity investments. In connection with such new loans or equity investments, the managing member may reallocate founder shares from
members not participating in any such loans or equity to any such lenders/investors at a ratio calculated in accordance with the formula
used to derive the ratio for the initial allocation of founder shares to us and the other members and so long as any reallocation would
not affect our or any group of members membership interests disproportionately to all members in the aggregate. In such a case,
our interest in the founder shares will be reduced or diluted. In the event any such reallocation would affect our or any group of members 
membership interests disproportionately to all members in the aggregate, we will have a limited right to participate in loan or equity
investment at issue. If, however, we choose not to participate, our interest in the founder shares would be reduced or diluted as a result.
Finally, the managing member may determine in his or her sole and absolute discretion that one or more strategic investors in the sponsor
of a SPAC will not be subject to a reallocation of founder shares in the event a loan or equity investment is needed, and if so our interest
in the founder shares will be further diluted as a result. 

22 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

The
requirement that a SPAC complete a business combination within a specified completion window may give potential target businesses leverage
over the SPAC in negotiating a business combination and may limit the time the SPAC has in which to conduct due diligence on potential
business combination targets, in particular as it approaches its dissolution deadline, which could undermine its ability to complete
a business combination on terms that would produce value for us. 

Any
potential target business that enters into negotiations concerning a business combination with a SPAC in which we invest will be aware
that the SPAC must complete a business combination within a specified completion window, which is usually between 18-24 months following
the SPAC s IPO. Consequently, such target business may obtain leverage over the SPAC in negotiating a business combination, knowing
that if the SPAC does not complete a business combination with that particular target business, it may be unable to complete a business
combination with any target business. This risk will increase as the SPAC gets closer to the timeframe described above. In addition,
the SPAC may have limited time to conduct due diligence and may enter into a business combination on terms that it would have rejected
upon a more comprehensive investigation. The foregoing could undermine the SPAC s ability to complete a business combination on
terms that would produce value for us. 

Investments
in foreign companies may involve significant risks in addition to the risks inherent in U.S. investments. 

While
we invest primarily in U.S. companies, we may invest on an opportunistic basis in certain non-U.S. companies, including those located
in emerging markets, that otherwise meet our investment criteria. In regards to the regulatory requirements for BDCs, non-U.S. investments
do not qualify as investments in eligible portfolio companies, and thus may not be considered qualifying assets. 
In addition, investing in foreign companies, and particularly those in emerging markets, may expose us to additional risks not typically
associated with investing in U.S. issuers. These risks include changes in exchange control regulations, political and social instability,
expropriation, imposition of foreign taxes, less liquid markets and less available information than is generally the case in the United
States, higher transaction costs, less government supervision of exchanges, brokers and issuers, less developed bankruptcy laws, difficulty
in enforcing contractual obligations, lack of uniform accounting and auditing standards and greater price volatility. Further, we may
have difficulty enforcing our rights as equity holders in foreign jurisdictions. In addition, to the extent we invest in non-U.S. companies,
we may face greater exposure to foreign economic developments. 

Although
we expect that most of our investments will be U.S. dollar-denominated, any investments denominated in a foreign currency will be subject
to the risk that the value of a particular currency will change in relation to one or more other currencies. Among the factors that may
affect currency values are trade balances, the level of short-term interest rates, differences in relative values of similar assets in
different currencies, long-term opportunities for investment and capital appreciation, and political developments. 

We
may expose ourselves to risks if we engage in hedging transactions. 

If
we engage in hedging transactions, we may expose ourselves to risks associated with such transactions. We may utilize instruments such
as forward contracts, currency options and interest rate swaps, caps, collars and floors to seek to hedge against fluctuations in the
relative values of our portfolio positions from changes in currency exchange rates and market interest rates. Hedging against a decline
in the values of our portfolio positions does not eliminate the possibility of fluctuations in the values of such positions or prevent
losses if the values of such positions decline. However, such hedging can establish other positions designed to gain from those same
developments, thereby offsetting the decline in the value of such portfolio positions. Such hedging transactions may also limit the opportunity
for gain if the values of the underlying portfolio positions should increase. It may not be possible to hedge against an exchange rate
or interest rate fluctuation that is so generally anticipated that we are not able to enter into a hedging transaction at an acceptable
price. Moreover, for a variety of reasons, we may not seek to establish a perfect correlation between such hedging instruments and the
portfolio holdings being hedged. Any such imperfect correlation may prevent us from achieving the intended hedge and expose us to risk
of loss. In addition, it may not be possible to hedge fully or perfectly against currency fluctuations affecting the value of securities
denominated in non-U.S. currencies because the value of those securities is likely to fluctuate as a result of factors not related to
currency fluctuations. Changes to the regulations applicable to the financial instruments we may use to accomplish our hedging strategy
could affect the effectiveness of that strategy. See We are exposed to risks associated with changes in interest rates,
including the current rising interest rate environment. 

23 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Our
ability to enter into transactions involving derivatives and financial commitment transactions may be limited. 

In August 2022, Rule 18f-4 under the 1940 Act, regarding the ability of
a BDC (or a registered investment company) to use derivatives and other transactions that create future payment or delivery obligations,
became effective. Under the newly adopted rules, BDCs that use derivatives will be subject to a value-at-risk VaR leverage
limit, certain other derivatives risk management program and testing requirements and requirements related to board reporting. These new
requirements will apply unless the BDC qualifies as a limited derivatives user under the adopted rules. Under the new rule,
a BDC may enter into an unfunded commitment agreement that is not a derivatives transaction, such as an agreement to provide financing
to a portfolio company, if the BDC has, among other things, a reasonable belief, at the time it enters into such an agreement, that it
will have sufficient cash and cash equivalents to meet its obligations with respect to all of its unfunded commitment agreements, in each
case as it becomes due. We currently operate as a limited derivatives user, which may limit our ability to use derivatives
and/or enter into certain other financial contracts. 

The market structure applicable to derivatives imposed by the Dodd-Frank
Act, the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission CFTC and the SEC may affect our ability to use over-the-counter OTC derivatives for hedging purposes. 

The Dodd-Frank Act and the CFTC enacted and the SEC has issued rules to
implement, both broad new regulatory requirements and broad new structural requirements applicable to OTC derivatives markets and, to
a lesser extent, listed commodity futures (and futures options) markets. Similar changes are in the process of being implemented in other
major financial markets. 

The CFTC and the SEC have issued final rules establishing that certain
swap transactions are subject to CFTC regulation. Engaging in such swap or other commodity interest transactions such as futures contracts
or options on futures contracts may cause us to fall within the definition of commodity pool under the Commodity Exchange
Act and related CFTC regulations. We have claimed relief from CFTC registration and regulation as a commodity pool operator with respect
to our operations, with the result that we are limited in our ability to use futures contracts or options on futures contracts or engage
in swap transactions. Specifically, we are subject to strict limitations on using such derivatives other than for hedging purposes, whereby
the use of derivatives not used solely for hedging purposes is generally limited to situations where (i) the aggregate initial margin
and premiums required to establish such positions does not exceed five percent of the liquidation value of our portfolio, after taking
into account unrealized profits and unrealized losses on any such contracts we have entered into; or (ii) the aggregate net notional value
of such derivatives does not exceed 100 of the liquidation value of our portfolio. 

The Dodd-Frank Act also imposed requirements relating to real-time public
and regulatory reporting of OTC derivative transactions, enhanced documentation requirements, position limits on an expanded array of
derivatives, and record keeping requirements. Taken as a whole, these changes could significantly increase the cost of using uncleared
OTC derivatives to hedge risks, including interest rate and foreign exchange risk; reduce the level of exposure we are able to obtain
for risk management purposes through OTC derivatives (including as the result of the CFTC imposing position limits on additional products);
reduce the amounts available to us to make non-derivatives investments; impair liquidity in certain OTC derivatives; and adversely affect
the quality of execution pricing obtained by us, all of which could adversely impact our investment returns. 

Risks
Related to Our Business and Structure 

Any
failure on our part to maintain our status as a BDC would reduce our operating flexibility. 

The
1940 Act imposes numerous constraints on the operations of BDCs. For example, BDCs are required to invest at least 70 of their gross
assets in specified types of securities, primarily in private companies or thinly-traded U.S. public companies, cash, cash equivalents,
U.S. government securities and other high quality debt investments that mature in one year or less. Furthermore, any failure to comply
with the requirements imposed on BDCs by the 1940 Act could cause the SEC to bring an enforcement action against us and/or expose us
to claims of private litigants. In addition, upon approval of a majority of our stockholders, we may elect to withdraw our status as
a BDC. If we decide to withdraw our election, or if we otherwise fail to maintain our qualification, to be regulated as a BDC, we may
be subject to substantially greater regulation under the 1940 Act as a closed-end investment company. Compliance with such regulations
would significantly decrease our operating flexibility and could significantly increase our costs of doing business. 

As
an internally managed BDC, we are subject to certain restrictions that may adversely affect our business. 

As
an internally managed BDC, the size and categories of our assets under management is limited, and we are unable to offer as wide a variety
of financial products to prospective portfolio companies and sponsors (potentially limiting the size and diversification of our asset
base). We therefore may not achieve efficiencies of scale and greater management resources available to externally managed BDCs. 

Additionally,
as an internally managed BDC, our ability to offer more competitive and flexible compensation structures, such as offering both a profit-sharing
plan and an equity incentive plan, is subject to the limitations imposed by the 1940 Act, which limits our ability to attract and retain
talented investment management professionals. As such, these limitations could inhibit our ability to grow, pursue our business plan
and attract and retain professional talent, any or all of which may have a negative impact on our business, financial condition and results
of operations. 

As
an internally managed BDC, we are dependent upon our management team and investment professionals for their time availability and for
our future success, and if we are not able to hire and retain qualified personnel, or if we lose key members of our senior management
team, our ability to implement our business strategy could be significantly harmed. 

As
an internally managed BDC, our ability to achieve our investment objectives and to make distributions to our stockholders depends
upon the performance of our management team and investment professionals. We depend upon the expertise, skill and network of members
of our management and our investment professionals for the identification, final selection, structuring, closing and monitoring of
our investments. These employees have critical industry experience and relationships on which we rely to implement our business
plan. If we lose the services of key members of our senior management team, we may not be able to operate the business as we expect,
and our ability to compete could be harmed, which could cause our operating results to suffer. We believe our future success will
depend, in part, on our ability to identify, attract and retain sufficient numbers of highly skilled employees. If we do not succeed
in identifying, attracting and retaining such personnel, we may not be able to operate our business as we expect. 

As
an internally managed BDC, our compensation structure is determined and set by our Board of Directors and its Compensation Committee.
This structure currently includes salary, bonus and incentive compensation. We are not generally permitted by the 1940 Act to employ
an incentive compensation structure that directly ties performance of our investment portfolio and results of operations to incentive
compensation. 

24 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Members
of our senior management team may receive offers of more flexible and attractive compensation arrangements from other companies,
particularly from investment advisers to externally managed BDCs that are not subject to the same limitations on incentive-based
compensation that we are subject to as an internally managed BDC. A departure by one or more members of our senior management team
or competing demands on their time could have a negative impact on our business, financial condition and results of
operations. 

Our
financial condition and results of operations will depend on our ability to manage our business effectively and achieve our
investment objective. 

Our
ability to achieve our investment objective will depend on our management team s and investment professionals ability to
identify, analyze and invest in companies that meet our investment criteria. Accomplishing this result on a cost-effective basis is largely
a function of our management team s and investment professionals structuring of the investment process and their ability
to provide competent, attentive and efficient services to us. We seek a specified number of investments in rapidly growing venture-capital-backed
emerging companies, which may be extremely risky. There can be no assurance that our management team and investment professionals will
be successful in identifying and investing in companies that meet our investment criteria, or that we will achieve our investment objective.
Even if we are able to grow and build upon our investment operations, any failure to manage our growth effectively could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

The
results of our operations will depend on many factors, including the availability of opportunities for investment, readily accessible
short- and long-term funding alternatives in the financial markets and economic conditions. Furthermore, any inability to successfully
operate our business or implement our investment policies and strategies as described herein could adversely impact our ability to pay
dividends. 

Our
business model depends upon the development and maintenance of strong referral relationships with private equity, venture capital funds
and investment banking firms. 

We
expect that members of our management team and our investment professionals will maintain key informal relationships, which we use to
help identify and gain access to investment opportunities. If our management team and investment professionals fail to maintain relationships
with key firms, or if they fail to establish strong referral relationships with other firms or other sources of investment opportunities,
we will not be able to grow our portfolio of equity investments and achieve our investment objective. In addition, persons with whom
our management team and investment professionals have informal relationships are not obligated to inform them or us of investment opportunities,
and therefore such relationships may not lead to the origination of equity or other investments. Any loss or diminishment of such relationships
could effectively reduce the ability to identify attractive portfolio companies that meet our investment criteria, either for direct
equity investments or for investments through private secondary market transactions or other secondary transactions. 

There
are significant potential risks related to investing in securities traded on private secondary marketplaces. 

We
have utilized and expect to continue to utilize private secondary marketplaces, such as SharesPost, Inc., to acquire investments for
our portfolio. When we purchase secondary shares, we may have little or no direct access to financial or other information from these
portfolio companies. As a result, we are dependent upon the relationships of our management team and investment professionals and our
Board of Directors to obtain the information necessary to perform research and due diligence, and to monitor our investments after they
are made. There can be no assurance that our management team and investment professionals will be able to acquire adequate information
on which to make its investment decision with respect to any private secondary marketplace purchases, or that the information it is able
to obtain is accurate or complete. Any failure to obtain full and complete information regarding the portfolio companies with respect
to which we invest through private secondary marketplaces could cause us to lose part or all of our investment in such companies, which
would have a material and adverse effect on our net asset value and results of operations. 

In
addition, while we believe the ability to trade on private secondary marketplaces provides valuable opportunities for liquidity, there
can be no assurance that the portfolio companies with respect to which we invest through private secondary marketplaces will have or
maintain active trading markets, and the prices of those securities may be subject to irregular trading activity, wide bid/ask spreads
and extended trade settlement periods, which may result in an inability for us to realize full value on our investment. In addition,
wide swings in market prices, which are typical of irregularly traded securities, could cause significant and unexpected declines in
the value of our portfolio investments. Further, prices in private secondary marketplaces, where limited information is available, may
not accurately reflect the true value of a portfolio company, and may overstate a portfolio company s actual value, which may cause
us to realize future capital losses on our investment in that portfolio company. If any of the foregoing were to occur, it would likely
have a material and adverse effect on our net asset value and results of operations. 

25 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Investments
in private companies, including through private secondary marketplaces, also entail additional legal and regulatory risks which expose
participants to the risk of liability due to the imbalance of information among participants and participant qualification and other
transactional requirements applicable to private securities transactions, the non-compliance with which could result in rescission rights
and monetary and other sanctions. The application of these laws within the context of private secondary marketplaces and related market
practices are still evolving, and, despite our efforts to comply with applicable laws, we could be exposed to liability. The regulation
of private secondary marketplaces is also evolving. Additional state or federal regulation of these markets could result in limits on
the operation of or activity on those markets. Conversely, deregulation of these markets could make it easier for investors to invest
directly in private companies and affect the attractiveness of our Company as an access vehicle for investment in private shares. Private
companies may also increasingly seek to limit secondary trading in their stock, such as through contractual transfer restrictions, and
provisions in company charter documents, investor rights of first refusal and co-sale and/or employment and trading policies further
restricting trading. To the extent that these or other developments result in reduced trading activity and/or availability of private
company shares, our ability to find investment opportunities and to liquidate our investments could be adversely affected. 

Due
to transfer restrictions and the illiquid nature of our investments, we may not be able to purchase or sell our investments when we wish
to do so. 

Most
of our investments are or will be in equity or equity-related securities of privately held companies. The securities we acquire in private
companies are typically subject to contractual transfer limitations, which may include prohibitions on transfer without the company s
consent, may require that shares owned by us be held in escrow and may include provisions in company charter documents, and may include
investor rights of first refusal and co-sale and/or employment or trading policies further restricting trading. In order to complete
a purchase of shares we may need to, among other things, give the issuer, its assignees or its stockholders a particular period of time,
often 30 days or more, in which to exercise a veto right, or a right of first refusal over, the sale of such securities. We may be unable
to complete a purchase transaction if the subject company or its stockholders chooses to exercise a veto right or right of first refusal.
When we complete an investment, we generally become bound to the contractual transfer limitations imposed on the subject company s
stockholders as well as other contractual obligations, such as co-sale or tag- along rights. These obligations generally expire only
upon an IPO by the subject company. As a result, prior to an IPO, our ability to liquidate may be constrained. Transfer restrictions
could limit our ability to liquidate our positions in these securities if we are unable to find buyers acceptable to our portfolio companies,
or where applicable, their stockholders. Such buyers may not be willing to purchase our investments at adequate prices or in volumes
sufficient to liquidate our position, and even where they are willing, other stockholders could exercise their co-sales or tag-along
rights to participate in the sale, thereby reducing the number of shares sellable by us. Furthermore, prospective buyers may be deterred
from entering into purchase transactions with us due to the delay and uncertainty that these transfer and other limitations create. 

Although
we believe that secondary marketplaces may offer an opportunity to liquidate our private company investments, there can be no assurance
that a trading market will develop for the securities that we wish to liquidate or that the subject companies will permit their shares
to be sold through such marketplaces. Even if some of our portfolio companies complete IPOs, we are typically subject to lock-up provisions
that prohibit us from selling our investments into the public market for specified periods of time after IPOs. As a result, the market
price of securities that we hold may decline substantially before we are able to sell these securities following an IPO. 

Due
to the illiquid nature of most of our investments, we may not be able to sell these securities at times when we deem it advantageous
to do so, or at all. Because our net asset value is only determined on a quarterly basis, and due to the difficulty in assessing this
value, our net asset value may not fully reflect the illiquidity of our portfolio, which may change on a daily basis, depending on many
factors, including the status of the private secondary markets and our particular portfolio at any given time. 

We
will likely experience fluctuations in our operating results due to a number of factors, including the rate at which we make new investments,
the level of our expenses, changes in the valuation of our portfolio investments, variations in and the timing of the recognition of
realized and unrealized gains and losses, the degree to which we encounter competition in our markets and general economic conditions.
There can be no assurance that we will be able to locate or acquire investments that are of a similar nature to those currently in our
portfolio. As a result of these factors, results for any period should not be relied upon as being indicative of performance in future
periods. 

26 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

There
are significant potential risks associated with investing in venture capital companies with complex capital structures. 

We
invest primarily in what we believe to be rapidly growing, venture-capital-backed emerging companies, either through private secondary
transactions, other secondary transactions or direct investments in companies. Such private companies frequently have much more complex
capital structures than traditional publicly traded companies, and may have multiple classes of equity securities with differing rights,
including with respect to voting and distributions. In addition, it is often difficult to obtain financial and other information with
respect to private companies, and even where we are able to obtain such information, there can be no assurance that it is complete or
accurate. In certain cases, such private companies may also have senior or pari passu preferred stock or senior debt outstanding, which
may heighten the risk of investing in the underlying equity of such private companies, particularly in circumstances when we have limited
information with respect to such capital structures. Although we believe that our management team and investment professionals and our
Board of Directors have extensive experience evaluating and investing in private companies with such complex capital structures, there
can be no assurance that we will be able to adequately evaluate the relative risks and benefits of investing in a particular class of
a portfolio company s equity securities. Any failure on our part to properly evaluate the relative rights and value of a class
of securities in which we invest could cause us to lose part or all of our investment, which in turn could have a material and adverse
effect on our net asset value and results of operations. 

Our
business is subject to increasingly complex corporate governance, public disclosure and accounting requirements that are costly and could
adversely affect our business and financial results. 

We
are subject to changing rules and regulations of federal and state government as well as the stock exchange on which our common stock
is listed. These entities, including the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board, the SEC and the Nasdaq Global Select Market, have
issued a significant number of new and increasingly complex requirements and regulations over the course of the last several years and
continue to develop additional regulations and requirements in response to laws enacted by Congress. In addition, there are significant
corporate governance and executive compensation-related provisions in the Dodd-Frank Act, and the SEC has adopted, and may continue to
adopt, additional rules and regulations that may impact us. Our efforts to comply with these requirements have resulted in, and are likely
to continue to result in, an increase in expenses and a diversion of management s time from other business activities. 

In
addition, any failure to keep pace with such rules, or for our management to appropriately address compliance with such rules fully and
in a timely manner, would expose us to an increasing risk of inadvertent non-compliance. While our management team takes reasonable efforts
to ensure that we are in full compliance with all laws applicable to our operations, the increasing rate and extent of regulatory change
increases the risk of a failure to comply, which may limit our ability to operate our business in the ordinary course or may subject
us to potential fines, regulatory findings or other matters that may materially impact our business. 

Over
the last several years, there has also been an increase in regulatory attention to the extension of credit outside of the traditional
banking sector, raising the possibility that some portion of the non-bank financial sector will be subject to new regulation. While it
cannot be known at this time whether any regulation will be implemented or what form it will take, increased regulation of non-bank credit
extension could negatively impact our operating results or financial condition, impose additional costs on us, intensify the regulatory
supervision of us or otherwise adversely affect our business. 

Capital markets may experience periods of
disruption and instability, including as recently experienced. Such market conditions may materially and adversely affect debt
and equity capital markets in the United States and abroad, which may have a negative impact on our business and operations. 

From time to time, capital markets may experience periods of disruption
and instability, including during portions of the last three fiscal years. Since 2020, the U.S. capital markets have experienced extreme
volatility and disruption, as evidenced by the volatility in global stock markets as a result of, among other things, uncertainty surrounding
the COVID-19 pandemic, supply chain disruptions, interest rate and inflation rate environments, and the fluctuating price of commodities
such as oil. Despite actions of the U.S. federal government and foreign governments, these types of events contribute to unpredictable
general economic conditions that materially and adversely impact the broader financial and credit markets and reduce the availability
of debt and equity capital for the market as a whole. These conditions could continue for a prolonged period of time or worsen in the
future. 

Given the ongoing and dynamic nature of recent market disruption and instability,
it is difficult to predict the full impact of these conditions on our business. The extent of any such impact will depend on future developments,
which are highly uncertain, including the duration or reoccurrence of any potential business or supply chain disruption, changes in interest
rates and inflation rates, the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, health epidemics and pandemics and the actions taken by governments
in response to these conditions. 

During any such periods of market disruption and instability, we and other
companies in the financial services sector may have limited access, if available, to alternative markets for debt and equity capital.
Equity capital may be difficult to raise because, subject to some limited exceptions which will apply to us as a BDC, we will generally
not be able to issue additional shares of our common stock at a price less than net asset value without first obtaining approval for such
issuance from our stockholders and our independent directors. 

Volatility and dislocation in the capital markets can also create a challenging environment in which to raise or
access debt capital, and our ability to incur indebtedness (including by issuing preferred stock) is limited by applicable regulations
such that our asset coverage (as defined in the 1940 Act) must equal at least 150 immediately after each time we incur indebtedness.
The continuance or reappearance of market conditions similar to those experienced during portions of the last three fiscal years for any
substantial length of time could make it difficult to extend the maturity of or refinance our existing indebtedness or obtain new indebtedness
with similar terms and any failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our business. The debt capital that will be available
to us in the future, if at all, may be at a higher cost and on less favorable terms and conditions than what we currently experience,
including being at a higher cost in rising rate environments. If we are unable to raise or refinance debt, then our equity investors may
not benefit from the potential for increased returns on equity resulting from leverage and we may be limited in our ability to make new
commitments or to fund existing commitments to our portfolio companies. An inability to extend the maturity of, or refinance, our existing
indebtedness or obtain new indebtedness could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

27 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Significant volatility and disruption, has had, and in the future may
have, a negative effect on the valuations of our investments and on the potential for liquidity events involving these investments.
While most of our investments are not publicly traded, applicable accounting standards require us to assume, as part of our
valuation process, that our investments are sold in orderly mark-to-market transactions between market participants. As a result,
volatility in the capital markets can adversely affect our investment valuations. 

Significant disruption or volatility in the capital markets may also affect
the pace of our investment activity and the potential for liquidity events involving our investments. The illiquidity of our investments
may make it difficult for us to sell such investments to access capital if required and to value such investments. Consequently, we may
realize significantly less than the value at which we carry our investments. An inability to raise capital, and any required sale of our
investments for liquidity purposes, could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
In addition, a prolonged period of market illiquidity may cause us to reduce the volume of loans and debt securities we originate and/or
fund and adversely affect the value of our portfolio investments, which could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Global economic, political and market conditions,
including uncertainty about the financial stability of the United States, could have a significant adverse effect on our business, financial
condition and results of operations. 

Downgrades by rating agencies to the U.S. government s credit rating
or concerns about its credit and deficit levels in general could cause interest rates and borrowing costs to rise, which may negatively
impact both the perception of credit risk associated with our debt portfolio and our ability to access the debt markets on favorable terms.
In addition, a decreased U.S. government credit rating could create broader financial turmoil and uncertainty, which may weigh heavily
on our financial performance and the value of our common stock. 

Deterioration
in the economic conditions in the Eurozone and other regions or countries globally and the resulting instability in global financial
markets may pose a risk to our business. Financial markets have been affected at times by a number of global macroeconomic events, including
the following: large sovereign debts and fiscal deficits of several countries in Europe and in emerging markets jurisdictions, levels
of non-performing loans on the balance sheets of European banks, the effect of the United Kingdom (the U.K. leaving the
European Union (the EU ), instability in the Chinese capital markets and the COVID-19 pandemic. Global market and economic
disruptions have affected, and may in the future affect, the U.S. capital markets, which could adversely affect our business, financial
condition or results of operations. We cannot assure you that market disruptions in Europe and other regions or countries, including
the increased cost of funding for certain governments and financial institutions, will not impact the global economy, and we cannot assure
you that assistance packages will be available, or if available, be sufficient to stabilize countries and markets in Europe or elsewhere
affected by a financial crisis. To the extent uncertainty regarding any economic recovery in Europe or elsewhere negatively impacts consumer
confidence and consumer credit factors, our and our portfolio companies business, financial condition and results of operations
could be significantly and adversely affected. Moreover, there is a risk of both sector-specific and broad-based corrections and/or downturns
in the equity and credit markets. Any of the foregoing could have a significant impact on the markets in which we operate and could have
a material adverse impact on our business prospects and financial condition. 

Various social and political circumstances in the United States and around
the world (including wars and other forms of conflict, terrorist acts, security operations and catastrophic events such as fires, floods,
earthquakes, tornadoes, hurricanes and global health epidemics), may also contribute to increased market volatility and economic uncertainties
or deterioration in the United States and worldwide. Such events, including rising trade tensions between the United States and China,
other uncertainties regarding actual and potential shifts in U.S. and foreign, trade, economic and other policies with other countries,
the war between Russia and Ukraine, and the COVID-19 pandemic, could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of
operations. These market and economic disruptions could negatively impact the operating results of our portfolio companies. 

28 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Events outside of our control, including public health crises,
may negatively affect our results of operations and financial performance and the fair value of our investments. 

The COVID-19 pandemic and restrictive measures taken to contain or mitigate
its spread have caused business shutdowns, cancellations of events and restrictions on travel, significant reductions in demand for certain
goods and services, reductions in business activity and financial transactions, supply chain interruptions and overall economic and financial
market instability both globally and in the United States. Despite actions of the U.S. federal government and foreign governments, these
events have contributed to unpredictable general economic conditions that are materially and adversely impacting the broader financial
and credit markets and reducing the availability of debt and equity capital for the market as a whole. It is uncertain how long this volatility
will continue, and as a result, even after the COVID-19 pandemic subsides, the U.S. economy and most other major global economies may
continue to experience a recession. Our business and operations, as well as the business and operations of our portfolio companies, could
be materially adversely affected by a prolonged recession in the United States and other major markets. Some economists and major investment
banks have expressed concern that the continued spread of the virus globally could lead to a world-wide economic downturn, the impacts
of which could last for some period after the pandemic is controlled and/or abated. 

The extent of the impact of any public health emergency, including the
COVID-19 pandemic, on our and our portfolio companies operational and financial performance will depend on many factors, including
the duration and scope of such public health emergency, the actions taken by governmental authorities to contain its financial and economic
impact, the extent of any related travel advisories and restrictions implemented, the impact of such public health emergency on overall
supply and demand, goods and services, investor liquidity, consumer confidence and levels of economic activity and the extent of its disruption
to important global, regional and local supply chains and economic markets, all of which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted.
In addition, our and our portfolio companies operations may be significantly impacted, or even temporarily or permanently halted,
as a result of government quarantine measures, voluntary and precautionary restrictions on travel or meetings and other factors related
to a public health emergency, including its potential adverse impact on the health of any of our or our portfolio companies personnel.
This could create widespread business continuity issues for us and our portfolio companies. 

These factors may also cause the valuation of our investments to differ
materially from the values that we may ultimately realize. Our valuations, and particularly valuations of private investments and private
companies, are inherently uncertain, may fluctuate over short periods of time and are often based on estimates, comparisons and qualitative
evaluations of private information. As a result, our valuations may not show the completed or continuing impact of the COVID-19 pandemic
and the resulting measures taken in response thereto. Any public health emergency, including the COVID-19 pandemic or any outbreak of
other existing or new epidemic diseases, or the threat thereof, and the resulting financial and economic market uncertainty could have
a significant adverse impact on us and the fair value of our investments and our portfolio companies. 

The COVID-19 pandemic is ongoing as of the filing date of this Annual Report,
and its extended duration may have further adverse impacts on us and our portfolio companies after December 31, 2022. 

We
are exposed to risks associated with changes in interest rates, including the current rising interest rate environment. 

In 2022, the U.S. Federal Reserve began raising short-term interest rates
and is expected to further increase the federal funds rate in 2023. Because we may borrow money to make investments, our net investment
income will depend, in part, upon the difference between the rate at which we borrow funds and the rate at which we invest those funds.
As a result, we can offer no assurance that a significant change in market interest rates will not have a material adverse effect on our
net investment income. A reduction in the interest rates on new investments relative to interest rates on current investments could have
an adverse impact on our net investment income. However, an increase in interest rates could decrease the value of any investments we
hold which earn fixed interest rates and also could increase our interest expense, thereby decreasing our net income. Also, an increase
in interest rates available to investors could make an investment in our common stock less attractive if we are not able to increase our
distribution rate, which could reduce the value of our common stock. Further, rising interest rates could also adversely affect our performance
if such increases cause our borrowing costs to rise at a rate in excess of the rate that our investments yield. In periods of rising interest
rates, to the extent we borrow money subject to a floating interest rate, our cost of funds would increase, which could reduce our net
investment income. Further, rising interest rates could also adversely affect our performance if we hold investments with floating interest
rates, subject to specified minimum interest rates (such as London Inter-Bank Offered Rate LIBOR or Secured Overnight
Financing Rate SOFR floor, as applicable), while at the same time engaging in borrowings subject to floating interest
rates not subject to such minimums. In such a scenario, rising interest rates may increase our interest expense, even though our interest
income from investments is not increasing in a corresponding manner as a result of such minimum interest rates. 

If general interest rates rise, there is a risk that the portfolio companies
in which we hold floating rate securities will be unable to pay escalating interest amounts, which could result in a default under their
loan documents with us. Rising interest rates could also cause portfolio companies to shift cash from other productive uses to the payment
of interest, which may have a material adverse effect on their business and operations and could, over time, lead to increased defaults.
In addition, rising interest rates may increase pressure on us to provide fixed rate loans to our portfolio companies, which could adversely
affect our net investment income, as increases in our cost of borrowed funds would not be accompanied by increased interest income from
such fixed-rate investments. 

29 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

The elimination of LIBOR or any other changes or reforms to the determination
or supervision of LIBOR could have an adverse impact on the market for or value of any LIBOR-linked securities, loans, and other financial
obligations or extensions of credit held by or due to us or on our overall financial condition or results of operations. We are assessing
the impact of a transition from LIBOR; however, we cannot reasonably estimate the impact of the transition at this time. 

Economic
recessions or downturns could impair our portfolio companies and harm our operating results. 

Many
of the portfolio companies in which we make investments may be susceptible to economic slowdowns or recessions and may be unable to repay
any loans made to them during these periods and, thus, jeopardize our equity investment in such portfolio companies. Therefore, the value
of our portfolio may decrease during these periods as we are required to record our investments at their current fair value. Adverse
economic conditions also may decrease the value of our equity investments and the value of any collateral securing our loans, if any.
Economic slowdowns or recessions could lead to financial losses in our portfolio and a decrease in revenues, net income and assets. Unfavorable
economic conditions could also increase our and our portfolio companies funding costs, limit our and our portfolio companies 
access to the capital markets or result in a decision by lenders not to extend credit to us or our portfolio companies. These events
could prevent us from increasing investments and harm our operating results. 

A
portfolio company s failure to satisfy financial or operating covenants imposed by us or other lenders could lead to defaults and,
potentially, acceleration of the time when the loans are due and foreclosure on its secured assets, which could trigger cross- defaults
under other agreements and jeopardize our equity investment in such portfolio company. We may incur additional expenses to the extent
necessary to seek recovery upon default or to negotiate new terms with a financially distressed or defaulting portfolio company. In addition,
if one of our portfolio companies were to go bankrupt, depending on the facts and circumstances, we would typically be last in line behind
any creditors and would likely experience a complete loss on our investment. 

Any
disruptive conditions in the financial industry and the impact of new legislation in response to those conditions could restrict our
business operations and could adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition. In addition, the BDC market may be
more sensitive to changes in interest rates or other factors and to the extent the BDC market trades down, our shares might likewise
be affected. If the fair value of our assets declines substantially, we may fail to maintain the asset coverage ratios imposed upon us
by the 1940 Act. Any such failure would affect our ability to issue securities, including borrowings, and pay dividends, which could
materially impair our business operations. Our liquidity could be impaired further by an inability to access the capital markets or to
consummate new borrowing facilities to provide capital for normal operations, including new originations. In recent years, reflecting
concern about the stability of the financial markets, many lenders and institutional investors have reduced or ceased providing funding
to borrowers. 

In the past, instability in the global capital markets resulted in disruptions
in liquidity in the debt capital markets, significant write-offs in the financial services sector, the re-pricing of credit risk in the
broadly syndicated credit market and the failure of major domestic and international financial institutions. In particular, in past periods
of instability, the financial services sector was negatively impacted by significant write-offs as the value of the assets held by financial
firms declined, impairing their capital positions and abilities to lend and invest. In addition, continued uncertainty surrounding the
negotiation of trade deals between the United Kingdom and the European Union following the United Kingdom s exit from the European
Union and uncertainty between the United States and other countries, including China, with respect to trade policies, treaties, and tariffs,
among other factors, have caused disruption in the global markets. There can be no assurance that market conditions will not worsen in
the future. 

Economic
sanction laws in the United States and other jurisdictions may prohibit us from transacting with certain countries, individuals and companies. 

In the United States, the U.S. Department of the Treasury s Office of Foreign Assets Control administers and enforces laws, executive
orders and regulations establishing U.S. economic and trade sanctions, which prohibit, among other things, transactions with, and the
provision of services to, certain non-U.S. countries, territories, entities and individuals. These types of sanctions may significantly
restrict or completely prohibit investment activities in certain jurisdictions, and if we, our portfolio companies or other issuers in
which we invest were to violate any such laws or regulations, we may face significant legal and monetary penalties. The Foreign Corrupt
Practices Act, or FCPA, and other anti-corruption laws and regulations, as well as antiboycott regulations, may also apply to and restrict
our activities, our portfolio companies and other issuers of our investments. If an issuer or we were to violate any such laws or regulations,
such issuer or we may face significant legal and monetary penalties. 

The
U.S. government has indicated that it is particularly focused on FCPA enforcement, which may increase the risk that an issuer or us becomes
the subject of such actual or threatened enforcement. In addition, certain commentators have suggested that private investment firms
and the funds that they manage may face increased scrutiny and/or liability with respect to the activities of their underlying portfolio
companies. As such, a violation of the FCPA or other applicable regulations by us or an issuer of our portfolio investments could have
a material adverse effect on us. We are committed to complying with the FCPA and other anti-corruption laws and regulations, as well
as anti-boycott regulations. As a result, we may be adversely affected because of our unwillingness to enter into transactions that violate
any such laws or regulations. 

30 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Inflation
may adversely affect the business, results of operations and financial condition of our portfolio companies. 

Certain
of our portfolio companies may be impacted by inflation. If such portfolio companies are unable to pass any increases in their costs
along to their customers, it could adversely affect their results, which could in turn adversely impact our results of operations. In
addition, any projected future decreases in our portfolio companies operating results due to inflation could adversely impact
the fair value of our investments. Any decreases in the fair value of our investments could result in future unrealized losses and therefore
reduce our net assets resulting from operations. Additionally, the Federal Reserve has raised, and has indicated its intent to continue raising, certain benchmark
interest rates in an effort to combat inflation. There is no guarantee that the actions taken by the Federal Reserve will reduce or eliminate
inflation. See We are exposed to risks associated with changes in interest rates, including the current rising interest
rate environment. 

We
are subject to risks related to corporate social responsibility. 

Our
business faces increasing public scrutiny related to environmental, social and governance ESG activities, which are increasing
considered to contribute to the long-term sustainability of a company s performance. A variety of organizations measure the performance
of companies on ESG topics, and the results of these assessments are widely publicized. In addition, investments in funds that specialize
in companies that perform well in such assessments are increasingly popular, and major institutional investors have publicly emphasized
the importance of such ESG measures to their investment decisions. 

We risk damage
to our brand and reputation if we fail to act responsibly in a number of areas, such as environmental stewardship, corporate governance
and transparency and considering ESG factors in our investment processes. Adverse incidents with respect to ESG activities could impact
the value of our brand, the cost of our operations and relationships with investors, all of which could adversely affect our business
and results of operations. 

Additionally, new regulatory initiatives related to ESG could adversely
affect our business. The SEC has proposed rules that, among other matters, would establish a framework for reporting of climate-related
risks. At this time, there is uncertainty regarding the scope of such proposals or when they would become effective (if at all). Compliance
with any new laws or regulations increases our regulatory burden and could make compliance more difficult and expensive, affect the manner
in which we or our portfolio companies conduct our businesses and adversely affect our profitability. 

Our
business and operations could be negatively affected if we become subject to any securities litigation or stockholder activism, which
could cause us to incur significant expense, hinder execution of investment strategy and impact our stock price. 

In
the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of a company s securities, securities class-action litigation has
often been brought against that company. Stockholder activism, which could take many forms or arise in a variety of situations, has been
increasing in the BDC space recently. While we are currently not subject to any securities litigation or stockholder activism, due to
the potential volatility of our stock price and for a variety of other reasons, we may in the future become the target of securities
litigation or stockholder activism. Securities litigation and stockholder activism, including potential proxy contests, could result
in substantial costs and divert management s and our Board of Directors attention and resources from our business. Additionally,
such securities litigation and stockholder activism could give rise to perceived uncertainties as to our future, adversely affect our
relationships with service providers and make it more difficult to attract and retain qualified personnel. Also, we may be required to
incur significant legal fees and other expenses related to any securities litigation and activist stockholder matters. Further, our stock
price could be subject to significant fluctuation or otherwise be adversely affected by the events, risks and uncertainties of any securities
litigation and stockholder activism. 

We
operate in a highly competitive market for direct equity investment opportunities. 

A large number of entities compete with us to make the types of direct
equity investments that we target as part of our business strategy. We compete for such investments with a large number of private equity
and venture capital funds, other equity and non- equity based investment funds, investment banks and other sources of financing, including
traditional financial services companies such as commercial banks and specialty finance companies. Many of our competitors are substantially
larger than us and have considerably greater financial, technical and marketing resources than we do. For example, some competitors may
have a lower cost of funds and access to funding sources that are not available to us. In addition, some of our competitors may have higher
risk tolerances or different risk assessments, which could allow them to consider a wider variety of investments and establish more relationships
than us. Furthermore, many of our competitors are not subject to the regulatory restrictions that the 1940 Act imposes on us as a BDC
or to the distribution and other requirements we must satisfy to maintain our ability to subject to tax as a RIC. These characteristics
could allow our competitors to consider a wider variety of investments, establish more relationships and offer financing at more attractive
terms than we are able to offer. There can be no assurance that the competitive pressures we face will not have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Also, as a result of this competition, we may not be able to take advantage
of attractive investment opportunities from time to time, and we can offer no assurance that we will be able to identify and make direct
equity investments that are consistent with our investment objective. 

Borrowings,
such as the 6.00 Notes due 2026, can magnify the potential for gain or loss on amounts invested and may increase the risk of investing
in us. 

Borrowings,
also known as leverage, magnify the potential for gain or loss on amounts invested and, therefore, increase the risks associated with
investing in our securities. In addition to the 6.00 Notes due 2026, we may borrow from and issue senior debt securities to banks, insurance
companies and other lenders. Lenders of such senior securities would have fixed dollar claims on our assets that are superior to the
claims of our common stockholders. If the value of our assets increases, then leveraging would cause the net asset value attributable
to our common stock to increase more sharply than it would have had we not leveraged. Conversely, if the value of our assets decreases,
leveraging would cause net asset value to decline more sharply than it otherwise would have had we not leveraged. Similarly, any increase
in our income in excess of interest payable on the borrowed funds would cause our net income to increase more than it would without the
leverage, while any decrease in our income would cause net income to decline more sharply than it would have had we not borrowed. Leverage
is generally considered a speculative investment technique. Our ability to service the 6.00 Notes due 2026, borrowings under any other
future debt that we incur will depend largely on our financial performance and will be subject to prevailing economic conditions and
competitive pressures. As a result of our use of leverage, we have experienced a substantial increase in operating expenses and may continue
to do so in the future. 

31 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

The
following table illustrates the effect of leverage on returns from an investment in our common stock assuming various annual returns
on our portfolio, net of expenses. Leverage generally magnifies the return of stockholders when the portfolio return is positive and
magnifies their losses when the portfolio return is negative. The calculations in the table below are hypothetical, and actual returns
may be higher or lower than those appearing in the table below. 

Assumed Return on Our Portfolio 
 
 (Net of Expenses) 

(10.0) 
 (5.0) 
 0.0 
 5.0 
 10.0 
 
 Corresponding return to common stockholder (1) 
 (9.82 
 (6.07 
 (2.33 
 1.41 
 5.15 

(1) 
 Assumes
 157.2 million in total portfolio assets excluding U.S. Treasuries, and 75.0 million in outstanding 6.00 Notes due 2026 as of
 December 31, 2022. 

Our
use of borrowed funds to make investments exposes us to risks typically associated with leverage. 

We
borrow money and may issue additional debt securities or preferred stock to leverage our capital structure. As a result: 

shares
 of our common stock would be exposed to incremental risk of loss; therefore, a decrease in the value of our investments would have
 a greater negative impact on the value of our common shares than if we did not use leverage; 

any
 depreciation in the value of our assets may magnify losses associated with an investment and could totally eliminate the value of
 an asset to us; 

if
 we do not appropriately match the assets and liabilities of our business and interest or dividend rates on such assets and liabilities,
 adverse changes in interest rates could reduce or eliminate the incremental income we make with the proceeds of any leverage; 

our
 ability to pay dividends on our common stock may be restricted if our asset coverage ratio, as provided in the 1940 Act, is not at
 least 200 (or 150 if certain requirements are met), and any amounts used to service indebtedness or preferred stock would not be
 available for such dividends; 

any
 future credit facility we may enter would be, subject to periodic renewal by our lenders, whose continued participation cannot be
 guaranteed; 

such
 securities would be governed by an indenture or other instrument containing covenants restricting our operating flexibility or affecting
 our investment or operating policies, and may require us to pledge assets or provide other security for such indebtedness; 

we,
 and indirectly our common stockholders, bear the entire cost of issuing and paying interest or dividends on such securities; 

if
 we issue preferred stock, the special voting rights and preferences of preferred stockholders may result in such stockholders 
 having interests that are not aligned with the interests of our common stockholders, and the rights of our preferred stockholders
 to dividends and liquidation preferences will be senior to the rights of our common stockholders; 

any
 convertible or exchangeable securities that we issue may have rights, preferences and privileges more favorable than those of our
 common shares; and 

any
 custodial relationships associated with our use of leverage would conform to the requirements of the 1940 Act, and no creditor would
 have veto power over our investment policies, strategies, objectives or decisions except in an event of default or if our asset coverage
 was less than 200 (or 150 if certain requirements are met.) 

Under
the provisions of the 1940 Act, we are permitted, as a BDC, to issue senior securities only in amounts such that our asset coverage ratio
equals at least 200 after each issuance of senior securities. If the value of our assets declines, we may be unable to satisfy this
test and we may be required to sell a portion of our investments and, depending on the nature of our leverage, repay a portion of our
senior securities at a time when such sales may be disadvantageous. 

32 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

If
we default under any future borrowing facility we enter into or are unable to amend, repay or refinance any such facility on commercially
reasonable terms, or at all, we may suffer material adverse effects on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows. 

Substantially
all of our assets may be pledged as collateral under any future borrowing facility. In the event that we default under any future borrowing
facility, our business could be adversely affected as we may be forced to sell all or a portion of our investments quickly and prematurely
at what may be disadvantageous prices to us in order to meet our outstanding payment obligations and/or support covenants and working
capital requirements under any future borrowing facility, any of which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Following
any such default, the agent for the lenders under any future borrowing facility could assume control of the disposition of any or all
of our assets, including the selection of such assets to be disposed and the timing of such disposition, which would have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In addition, if the lender exercises its right
to sell the assets pledged under any future borrowing facility, such sales may be completed at distressed sale prices, thereby diminishing
or potentially eliminating the amount of cash available to us after repayment of our outstanding borrowings. Moreover, such deleveraging
of our Company could significantly impair our ability to effectively operate our business in the manner in which we have historically
operated. As a result, we could be forced to curtail or cease new investment activities and lower or eliminate any dividends that we
may pay to our stockholders. 

We
may have difficulty paying our required distributions if we recognize income before or without receiving cash representing such income. 

Although
we focus on achieving capital gains from our investments, in certain cases we may receive current income, such as interest or dividends,
on our investments. Because in certain cases we may recognize such current income before or without receiving cash representing such
income, we may have difficulty satisfying the annual distribution requirement applicable to RICs. Accordingly, in order to maintain our
qualification as a RIC, we may have to sell some of our investments at times we would not consider advantageous, raise additional debt
or equity capital or reduce new investments to meet these distribution requirements. If we are not able to obtain cash from other sources,
we may fail to qualify for RIC tax treatment and thus would be subject to U.S. federal income tax at corporate rates. 

Regulations
governing our operation as a BDC affect our ability to, and the way in which we, raise additional capital, which may expose us to risks,
including the typical risks associated with leverage. 

We
may in the future issue additional debt securities or preferred stock and/or borrow money from banks or other financial institutions,
which we refer to collectively (along with the 6.00 Notes due 2026) as senior securities, up to the maximum amount permitted
by the 1940 Act. Under the provisions of the 1940 Act, we are permitted, as a BDC, to issue senior securities in amounts such that our
asset coverage ratio, as defined in the 1940 Act, equals at least 200 (or 150 if certain requirements are met) of gross assets less
all liabilities and indebtedness not represented by senior securities, after each issuance of senior securities. If the value of our
assets declines, we may be unable to satisfy this test. If that happens, we may be required to sell a portion of our investments and,
depending on the nature of our leverage, repay a portion of our indebtedness at a time when such sales may be disadvantageous. Furthermore,
any amounts that we use to service our indebtedness would not be available for distributions to our common stockholders. 

All
of the costs of offering and servicing the 6.00 Notes due 2026 and any additional debt or preferred stock we may issue in the future,
including interest payments thereon, will be borne by our common stockholders. The interests of the holders of the 6.00 Notes due 2026,
any additional debt or preferred stock we may issue will not necessarily be aligned with the interests of our common stockholders. In
particular, the rights of holders of the 6.00 Notes due 2026 and our debt or preferred stock to receive interest or principal repayment
will be senior to those of our common stockholders. Also, in the event we issue preferred stock, the holders of such preferred stock
will have the ability to elect two members of our Board of Directors. In addition, we may grant a lender a security interest in a significant
portion or all of our assets, even if the total amount we may borrow from such lender is less than the amount of such lender s
security interest in our assets. In no event, however, will any lender to us have any veto power over, or any vote with respect to, any
change in our, or approval of any new, investment objective or investment policies or strategies. 

We
are not generally able to issue and sell our common stock at a price below net asset value per share. We may, however, sell our common
stock, or warrants, options or rights to acquire our common stock, at a price below the then-current net asset value of our common stock
if our Board of Directors determines that such sale is in the best interests of SuRo Capital and its stockholders, and our stockholders
approve such sale. In any such case, the price at which our securities are to be issued and sold may not be less than a price which,
in the determination of our Board of Directors, closely approximates the market value of such securities (less any distributing commission
or discount). We are also generally prohibited under the 1940 Act from issuing securities convertible into voting securities without
obtaining the approval of our existing stockholders. 

33 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

In
addition to regulatory requirements that restrict our ability to raise capital, the loan agreement governing any future credit facility
may contain various covenants which, if not complied with, could materially and adversely affecting our liquidity, financial condition,
results of operations and ability to pay dividends. 

Under
the loan agreement governing any future credit facility, we may take certain customary representations and warranties and may be required
to comply with various affirmative and negative covenants, reporting requirements, and other customary requirements for similar credit
facilities, including, without limitation, restrictions on incurring additional indebtedness, compliance with the asset coverage requirements
under the 1940 Act, a minimum net asset value requirement, a limitation on the reduction of our net asset value, and maintenance of RIC
and BDC status. Such loan agreement may include usual and customary events of default for credit facilities of similar nature, including,
without limitation, nonpayment, misrepresentation of representations and warranties in a material respect, breach of covenant, cross-default
to certain other indebtedness, bankruptcy, and the occurrence of a material adverse effect. 

Our
ability to continue to comply with these covenants in the future depends on many factors, some of which are beyond our control. There
are no assurances that we will be able to comply with these covenants. Failure to comply with these covenants would result in a default
which, if we were unable to obtain a waiver under any such loan agreement, would have a material adverse impact on our liquidity, financial
condition, results of operations and ability to pay dividends. 

We
will be subject to U.S. federal income tax at corporate rates if we are profitable and are unable to qualify as a RIC, which could have
a material adverse effect on us and our stockholders. 

We
elected to be treated as a RIC under the Code beginning with our taxable year ended December 31, 2014, have qualified to be treated as
a RIC for subsequent taxable years and expect to continue to operate in a manner so as to qualify for the tax treatment applicable to
RICs. See Item 1. Business Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations and Note 2 Significant Accounting
Policies U.S. Federal and State Income Taxes and Note 9 Income Taxes to our consolidated financial
statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 for more information. 

Management
generally believes that it will be in our best interest to be treated as a RIC in any year in which we are profitable. If we fail to
qualify for tax treatment as a RIC for any year in which we are profitable and such profits exceed certain loss carryforwards that we
are entitled to utilize, we will be subject to U.S. federal income tax at corporate rates, which could substantially reduce our net assets,
the amount of income available for distribution or reinvestment and the amount of our distributions. Such a failure could have a material
adverse effect on us and our stockholders. 

In
any year in which we intend to be treated as a RIC, we may be forced to dispose of investments at times when our management team would
not otherwise do so or raise additional capital at times when we would not otherwise do so, in each case in order to qualify for the
special tax treatment accorded to RICs. 

To
qualify for the special treatment accorded to RICs, we must meet certain income source, asset diversification and annual distribution
requirements. In order to satisfy the income source requirement, we must derive in each taxable year at least 90 of our gross income
from dividends, interest, payments with respect to certain securities loans, gains from the sale of stock or other securities or foreign
currencies, other income derived with respect to our business of investing in such stock or securities or income from qualified
publicly traded partnerships. To qualify as a RIC, we must also meet certain asset diversification requirements at the end of
each quarter of our taxable year. Failure to meet these tests in any year in which we intend to be treated as a RIC may result in our
having to dispose of certain investments quickly in order to prevent the loss of RIC status. Because most of our investments are in private
companies, any such dispositions could be made at disadvantageous prices and could result in substantial losses. In addition, in order
to satisfy the Annual Distribution Requirement for a RIC, we must distribute at least 90 of our ordinary income and realized net short-term
capital gains in excess of realized net long-term capital losses, if any, to our stockholders on an annual basis. We will be subject
to certain asset coverage ratio requirements under the 1940 Act and financial covenants under the terms of our indebtedness that could,
under certain circumstances, restrict us from making distributions necessary to satisfy the annual distribution requirement. If we are
unable to dispose of investments quickly enough to meet the asset diversification requirements at the end of a quarter or obtain cash
from other sources in order to meet the annual distribution requirement, we may fail to qualify for special tax treatment accorded to
RICs and, thus, be subject to U.S. federal income tax at corporate rates. 

34 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Legislative
or regulatory tax changes could adversely affect our business and financial condition. 

The rules dealing with U.S. federal income taxation are constantly under
review by persons involved in the legislative process and by the Internal Revenue Service and the U.S. Treasury Department. Changes in
tax laws, regulations or administrative interpretations or any amendments thereto could adversely affect us, the entities in which we
invest, or the holders of our securities, including our common stock and the 6.00 Notes due 2026. For example, on August 16, 2022, President
Joseph R. Biden signed the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 into law, which may result in different and potentially adverse tax treatment
for us, our portfolio companies, or the holder of our securities. Additionally, the Biden Administration has announced a number of tax
law proposals, including American Families Plan and Made in America Tax Plan, which include increases in the corporate and individual
tax rates, and impose a minimum tax on book income and profits of certain multinational corporations. . The likelihood of any such legislation
being enacted is uncertain, but new legislation and any U.S. Treasury regulations, administrative interpretations or court decisions interpreting
such legislation could significantly and negatively affect our ability to qualify for tax treatment as a RIC or the U.S. federal income
tax consequences to us and our investors of such qualification, or could have other adverse consequences for us, our portfolio companies,
and/or our investors. Investors are urged to consult with their tax advisors with respect to the impact of this legislation and the status
of any other regulatory or administrative developments and proposals and their potential effect on an investment in our securities. 

Because
we expect to distribute substantially all of our net investment income and net realized capital gains to our stockholders, we will need
additional capital to finance our growth and such capital may not be available on favorable terms or at all. 

We
have elected to be taxed for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code. If we meet certain requirements,
including source of income, asset diversification and distribution requirements, and if we continue to qualify as a BDC, we will continue
to qualify for tax treatment as a RIC under the Code and will not be subject to U.S. income taxes on income we distribute to our stockholders
as dividends, allowing us to substantially reduce or eliminate our U.S. federal income tax liability. As a BDC, we are generally required
to meet a coverage ratio of total assets to total senior securities, which includes all of our borrowings and any preferred stock we
may issue in the future, of at least 200 (or 150 if certain requirements are met) at the time we issue any debt or preferred stock.
This requirement limits the amount that we may borrow. Because we will continue to need capital to grow our investment portfolio, this
limitation may prevent us from incurring debt or preferred stock and require us to raise additional equity at a time when it may be disadvantageous
to do so. We cannot assure you that debt and equity financing will be available to us on favorable terms, or at all, and debt financings
may be restricted by the terms of any of our outstanding borrowings. In addition, as a BDC, we are generally not permitted to issue common
stock priced below net asset value without stockholder approval. If additional funds are not available to us, we could be forced to curtail
or cease new lending and investment activities, and our net asset value could decline. 

We
may continue to choose to pay dividends in our common stock, in which case you may be required to pay tax in excess of the cash you receive. 

We
have in the past, and may continue to, distribute taxable dividends that are payable in part in shares of our common stock. For example,
on November 3, 2021, our Board of Directors declared a dividend of 2.00 per share to stockholders, paid partially in cash and partially
in shares of our common stock on December 30, 2021. In accordance with certain applicable U.S. Treasury regulations and published guidance
issued by the Internal Revenue Service IRS ), a RIC may treat a distribution of its own common stock as fulfilling the
RIC distribution requirements if each stockholder may elect to receive his or her entire distribution in either cash or common stock
of the RIC, subject to a limitation that the aggregate amount of cash to be distributed to all stockholders must not exceed more than
50 of the aggregate declared distribution. If too many stockholders elect to receive cash, the cash available for distribution must
be allocated among the stockholders electing to receive cash (with the balance of the distribution paid in stock). In no event will any
stockholder electing to receive cash, receive less than the lesser of (a) the portion of the distribution such stockholder has elected
to receive in cash or (b) an amount equal to his or her entire distribution times the percentage limitation on cash available for distribution.
If these and certain other requirements are met, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the amount of the dividend paid in common stock
will be equal to the amount of cash that could have been received instead of common stock. Taxable stockholders receiving such dividends
will be required to include the full amount of the dividend as ordinary income (or as long-term capital gain to the extent such distribution
is properly reported as a capital gain dividend) to the extent of our current and accumulated earnings and profits for U.S. federal income
tax purposes. As a result, a U.S. stockholder may be required to pay tax with respect to such dividends in excess of any cash received.
If a U.S. stockholder sells the stock it receives as a dividend in order to pay this tax, the sales proceeds may be less than the amount
included in income with respect to the dividend, depending on the market price of our common stock at the time of the sale. Furthermore,
with respect to Non-U.S. stockholders, we may be required to withhold U.S. tax with respect to such dividends, including in respect of
all or a portion of such dividend that is payable in common stock. In addition, if a significant number of our stockholders determine
to sell shares of our common stock in order to pay taxes owed on dividends, it may put downward pressure on the trading price of our
common stock. 

35 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Changes
in laws or regulations governing our business or the businesses of our portfolio companies, changes in the interpretation thereof or
newly enacted laws or regulations, and any failure by us or our portfolio companies to comply with these laws or regulations may adversely
affect our business and the businesses of our portfolio companies. 

We and our portfolio companies are subject to laws and regulations at the
U.S. federal, state and local levels and, in some cases, foreign levels. These laws and regulations, as well as their interpretation,
may change from time to time, and new laws, regulations and interpretations may also come into effect, potentially with retroactive effect.
Any such new or changed laws or regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business or the business of our portfolio companies.
The legal, tax and regulatory environment for BDCs, investment advisers and the instruments that they utilize (including derivative instruments)
is continuously evolving. In addition, there is significant uncertainty regarding enacted legislation and, consequently, the full impact
that such legislation will ultimately have on us and the markets in which we trade and invest is not fully known. For example, on August
16, 2022, the Biden Administration enacted the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, which modifies key aspects of the Code, including by creating
an alternative minimum tax on certain large corporations and an excise tax on stock repurchases by certain corporations. We are currently
assessing the potential impact of these legislative changes. Such uncertainty and any resulting confusion may itself be detrimental to
the efficient functioning of the markets and the success of certain investment strategies. 

In
addition, as private equity firms become more influential participants in the U.S. and global financial markets and economy generally,
there recently has been pressure for greater governmental scrutiny and/or regulation of the private equity industry. It is uncertain
as to what form and in what jurisdictions such enhanced scrutiny and/or regulation, if any, on the private equity industry may ultimately
take. Therefore, there can be no assurance as to whether any such scrutiny or initiatives will have an adverse impact on the private
equity industry, including our ability to effect operating improvements or restructurings of our portfolio companies or otherwise achieve
our objectives. 

Over
the last several years, there also has been an increase in regulatory attention to the extension of credit outside of the traditional
banking sector, raising the possibility that some portion of the non-bank financial sector will be subject to new regulation. While it
cannot be known at this time whether any regulation will be implemented or what form it will take, increased regulation of non-bank credit
extension could negatively impact our or our portfolio companies operating results or financial condition, impose additional costs
on us or our portfolio companies, intensify the regulatory supervision of us or otherwise adversely affect our business. 

Additionally,
any changes to the laws and regulations governing our operations may cause us to alter our investment strategy in order to avail ourselves
of new or different opportunities. Such changes could result in material differences to the strategies and plans set forth herein and
may result in our investment focus shifting from the areas of expertise of our management team and investment professionals to other
types of investments in which the investment team may have less expertise or little or no experience. Thus, any such changes, if they
occur, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and the value of your investment. 

The SBCAA allows us to incur additional leverage,
which could increase the risk of investing in us. 

The 1940 Act had generally prohibited us from incurring indebtedness unless
immediately after such borrowing we had an asset coverage for total borrowings of at least 200 (i.e., the amount of debt may not exceed
50 of the value of our total assets). However, the SBCAA modified the 1940 Act to allow BDCs to decrease their asset coverage requirement
from 200 to 150 (i.e. the amount of debt may not exceed 66.7 of the value of our total assets), if certain requirements are met. Under
the SBCAA, we are allowed to reduce our asset coverage requirement to 150 , and thereby increase our leverage capacity, if shareholders
representing at least a majority of the votes cast, when a quorum is present, approve a proposal to do so. If we receive shareholder approval,
we would be allowed to reduce our asset coverage requirement to 150 on the first day after such approval. Alternatively, the SBCAA allows
the majority of our independent directors to approve the reduction in our asset coverage requirement to 150 , and such approval would
become effective after one year. In either case, we would be required to make certain disclosures on our website and in SEC filings regarding,
among other things, the receipt of approval to reduce our asset coverage requirement to 150 , our leverage capacity and usage, and risks
related to leverage. 

As a result of the SBCAA, if we obtain the necessary approval, we may be
able to increase our leverage up to an amount that reduces our asset coverage ratio from 200 to 150 . Leverage magnifies the potential
for loss on investments in our indebtedness and on invested equity capital. As we use leverage to partially finance our investments, you
will experience increased risks of investing in our securities. If the value of our assets increases, then leveraging would cause the
net asset value attributable to our common stock to increase more sharply than it would have had we not leveraged. Conversely, if the
value of our assets decreases, leveraging would cause net asset value to decline more sharply than it otherwise would have had we not
leveraged our business. Similarly, any increase in our income in excess of interest payable on the borrowed funds would cause our net
investment income to increase more than it would without the leverage, while any decrease in our income would cause net investment income
to decline more sharply than it would have had we not borrowed. Such a decline could negatively affect our ability to pay common stock
dividends, scheduled debt payments or other payments related to our securities. Leverage is generally considered a speculative investment
technique. 

36 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Certain
investors are limited in their ability to make significant investments in us. 

Private
funds that are excluded from the definition of investment company either pursuant to Section 3(c)(1) or 3(c)(7) of the
1940 Act are restricted from acquiring directly or through a controlled entity more than 3 of our total outstanding voting stock (measured
at the time of the acquisition). Investment companies registered under the 1940 Act and BDCs, such as us, are also subject to this restriction
as well as other limitations under the 1940 Act that would restrict the amount that they are able to invest in our securities. As a result,
certain investors will be limited in their ability to make significant investments in us at a time that they might desire to do so. 

Ineffective
internal controls could impact our business and operating results. 

Our
internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements because of its inherent limitations, including the
possibility of human error, the circumvention or overriding of controls, or fraud. Even effective internal controls can provide only
reasonable assurance with respect to the preparation and fair presentation of financial statements. If we fail to maintain the adequacy
of our internal controls, including any failure to implement required new or improved controls, or if we experience difficulties in their
implementation, our business and operating results could be harmed and we could fail to meet our financial reporting obligations. 

We
may in the future determine to fund a portion of our investments with preferred stock, which would magnify the potential for gain or
loss and the risks of investing in us in the same way as our borrowings. 

Preferred
stock, which is another form of leverage, has the same risks to our common stockholders as borrowings because the dividends on any preferred
stock we issue must be cumulative. Payment of such dividends and repayment of the liquidation preference of such preferred stock must
take preference over any dividends or other payments to our common stockholders, and preferred stockholders are not subject to any of
our expenses or losses and are not entitled to participate in any income or appreciation in excess of their stated preference. 

Our
Board of Directors is authorized to reclassify any unissued shares of stock into one or more classes of preferred stock, which could
convey special rights and privileges to its owners. 

Our
charter permits our Board of Directors to reclassify any authorized but unissued shares of stock into one or more classes of preferred
stock. Our Board of Directors will generally have broad discretion over the size and timing of any such reclassification, subject to
a finding that the reclassification and issuance of such preferred stock is in the best interests of SuRo Capital and our existing common
stockholders. Any issuance of preferred stock would be subject to certain limitations imposed under the 1940 Act, including the requirement
that such preferred stock have equal voting rights with our outstanding common stock. We are authorized to issue up to 100,000,000 shares
of common stock. In the event our Board of Directors opts to reclassify a portion of our unissued shares of common stock into a class
of preferred stock, those preferred shares would have a preference over our common stock with respect to dividends and liquidation. The
cost of any such reclassification would be borne by our existing common stockholders. In addition, the 1940 Act provides that holders
of preferred stock are entitled to vote separately from holders of common stock to elect two directors. As a result, our preferred stockholders
will have the ability to reject a director that would otherwise be elected by our common stockholders. In addition, while Maryland law
generally requires directors to act in the best interests of all of a corporation s stockholders, there can be no assurance that
a director elected by our preferred stockholders will not choose to act in a manner that tends to favors our preferred stockholders,
particularly where there is a conflict between the interests of our preferred stockholders and our common stockholders. The class voting
rights of any preferred shares we may issue could make it more difficult for us to take some actions that may, in the future, be proposed
by the Board of Directors and/or the holders of our common stock, such as a merger, exchange of securities, liquidation, or alteration
of the rights of a class of our securities, if these actions were perceived by the holders of preferred shares as not in their best interests.
The issuance of preferred shares convertible into shares of common stock might also reduce the net income and net asset value per share
of our common stock upon conversion. These effects, among others, could have an adverse effect on your investment in our common stock. 

37 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Our
Board of Directors may change our investment objective, operating policies and strategies without prior notice or stockholder approval,
the effects of which may be adverse. 

Our
Board of Directors has the authority to modify or waive our investment objective, current operating policies, investment criteria and
strategies without prior notice and without stockholder approval. We cannot predict the effect any changes to our current operating policies,
investment criteria and strategies would have on our business, net asset value, operating results and value of our stock. However, the
effects might be adverse, which could negatively impact our ability to pay you dividends and cause you to lose all or part of your investment. 

Provisions
of the Maryland General Corporation Law and of our charter and bylaws could deter takeover attempts and have an adverse impact on the
price of our common stock. 

The
Maryland General Corporation Law and our charter and bylaws contain provisions that may discourage, delay or make more difficult a change
in control of us or the removal of our directors. We are subject to the Maryland Business Combination Act MBCA ), subject
to any applicable requirements of the 1940 Act. Our Board of Directors has adopted a resolution exempting from the MBCA any business
combination between us and any other person, subject to prior approval of such business combination by our Board of Directors, including
approval by a majority of our directors who are not interest persons as defined in the 1940 Act. If the resolution exempting
business combinations is repealed or our Board of Directors does not approve a business combination, the MBCA may discourage third parties
from trying to acquire control of us and increase the difficulty of consummating such an offer. Our bylaws exempt from the Maryland Control
Share Acquisition Act Control Share Act acquisitions of our stock by any person. If we amend our bylaws to repeal the
exemption from the Control Share Act, the Control Share Act also may make it more difficult for a third party to obtain control of us
and increase the difficulty of consummating such a transaction. However, we will amend our bylaws to be subject to the Control Share
Act only if our Board of Directors determines that it would be in our best interests and if the SEC staff does not object to our determination
that our being subject to the Control Share Act does not conflict with the 1940 Act. 

We
have also adopted measures that may make it difficult for a third party to obtain control of us, including provisions of our charter
classifying our Board of Directors in three classes serving staggered three-year terms, and authorizing our Board of Directors, without
stockholder action, to classify or reclassify shares of our stock in one or more classes or series, including preferred stock, to cause
the issuance of additional shares of our stock, to amend our charter without stockholder approval to increase or decrease the aggregate
number of shares of stock or the number of shares of stock of any class or series that we have authority to issue. These provisions,
as well as other provisions of our charter and bylaws, may delay, defer or prevent a transaction or a change in control that might otherwise
be in the best interests of our stockholders. 

We
are highly dependent on information systems and systems failures could significantly disrupt our business, which may, in turn, negatively
affect the market price of our common stock and our ability make distributions. 

Our
business is highly dependent on our and third parties communications and information systems. Any failure or interruption of those
systems, including as a result of the termination of an agreement with any third-party service providers, could cause delays or other
problems in our activities. Our financial, accounting, data processing, backup or other operating systems and facilities may fail to
operate properly or become disabled or damaged as a result of a number of factors including events that are wholly or partially beyond
our control and may adversely affect our business. There could be: 

sudden
 electrical or telecommunications outages; 

natural
 disasters such as earthquakes, tornadoes and hurricanes; 

disease
 pandemics (including the COVID-19 pandemic); 

events
 arising from local or larger scale political or social matters, including terrorist acts; and 

cyber-attacks. 

These
events, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and negatively affect the market price of our common stock
and our ability to pay dividends to our stockholders. 

38 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Risks
Related to the 6.00 Notes due 2026 

The
6.00 Notes due 2026 are unsecured and therefore effectively subordinated to any future secured indebtedness we could incur; however,
we have agreed under the indenture to not incur any secured or unsecured indebtedness that would be senior to the 6.00 Notes due 2026
while the 6.00 Notes due 2026 are outstanding, subject to certain exceptions. The 6.00 Notes due 2026 rank pari passu with, or equal
to, all outstanding and future unsecured, unsubordinated indebtedness issued by us and our general liabilities. 

The
6.00 Notes due 2026 are not secured by any of our assets or any of the assets of any of our subsidiaries. As a result, the 6.00 Notes
due 2026 are effectively subordinated to any future secured indebtedness we or our subsidiaries may incur in the future (or any indebtedness
that is initially unsecured as to which we subsequently grant a security interest) to the extent of the value of the assets securing
such indebtedness. However, we have agreed under the governing indenture to not incur any secured or unsecured indebtedness that would
be senior to the 6.00 Notes due 2026 while the 6.00 Notes due 2026 are outstanding, subject to certain exceptions. In any liquidation,
dissolution, bankruptcy or other similar proceeding, the holders of any of our future secured indebtedness or secured indebtedness of
our subsidiaries may assert rights against the assets pledged to secure that indebtedness in order to receive full payment of their indebtedness
before the assets may be used to pay other creditors. 

The
6.00 Notes due 2026 rank pari passu , which means equal in right of payment, with all outstanding and future unsecured, unsubordinated
indebtedness issued by us. The 6.00 Notes due 2026 also rank pari passu with, or equal to, our general liabilities (total liabilities,
less debt). In total, these general liabilities were approximately 1.0 million as of December 31, 2022. In any liquidation, dissolution,
bankruptcy or other similar proceeding, the holders of such indebtedness may assert rights equal to the holders of the 6.00 Notes due
2026, which may limit recovery by the holders of the 6.00 Notes due 2026. 

The
6.00 Notes due 2026 are structurally subordinated to the indebtedness and other liabilities of our subsidiaries. 

The
6.00 Notes due 2026 are obligations exclusively of SuRo Capital Corp., and not of any of our subsidiaries. None of our subsidiaries
will be a guarantor of the 6.00 Notes due 2026, and the 6.00 Notes due 2026 are not be required to be guaranteed by any subsidiary
we may acquire or create in the future. Any assets of our subsidiaries will not be directly available to satisfy the claims of our creditors,
including holders of the 6.00 Notes due 2026. Except to the extent we are a creditor with recognized claims against our subsidiaries,
all claims of creditors of our subsidiaries will have priority over our equity interests in such entities (and therefore the claims of
our creditors, including holders of the 6.00 Notes due 2026) with respect to the assets of such entities. Even if we are recognized
as a creditor of one or more of these entities, our claims would still be effectively subordinated to any security interests in the assets
of any such entity and to any indebtedness or other liabilities of any such entity senior to our claims. Consequently, the 6.00 Notes
due 2026 are structurally subordinated to all indebtedness and other liabilities, including trade payables, of any of our existing or
future subsidiaries. 

The
indenture under which the 6.00 Notes due 2026 were issued contains limited protection for holders of the 6.00 Notes due 2026. 

The
indenture under which the 6.00 Notes due 2026 were issued offers limited protection to holders of the 6.00 Notes due 2026. The terms
of the indenture and the 6.00 Notes due 2026 do not restrict our or any of our subsidiaries ability to engage in, or otherwise
be a party to, a variety of corporate transactions, circumstances or events that could have a material adverse impact on an investment
in the 6.00 Notes due 2026. In particular, the terms of the indenture and the 6.00 Notes due 2026 do not place any restrictions on
our or our subsidiaries ability to: 

issue
 securities or otherwise incur additional indebtedness or other obligations, including (1) any indebtedness or other obligations that
 would be equal in right of payment to the 6.00 Notes due 2026, (2) any indebtedness or other obligations that would be secured and
 therefore rank effectively senior in right of payment to the 6.00 Notes due 2026 to the extent of the values of the assets securing
 such debt, (3) indebtedness of ours that is guaranteed by one or more of our subsidiaries and which therefore is structurally senior
 to the 6.00 Notes due 2026 and (4) securities, indebtedness or obligations issued or incurred by our subsidiaries that would be
 senior to our equity interests in those entities and therefore rank structurally senior to the 6.00 Notes due 2026 with respect
 to the assets of our subsidiaries, in each case other than an incurrence of indebtedness or other obligation that would cause a violation
 of Section 18(a)(1)(A) as modified by such provisions of Section 61(a) of the 1940 Act as may be applicable to us from time to time
 or any successor provisions, whether or not we continue to be subject to such provisions of the 1940 Act, but giving effect, in each
 case, to any exemptive relief granted to us by the SEC. Currently, these provisions generally prohibit us from making additional
 borrowings, including through the issuance of additional debt or the sale of additional debt securities, unless our asset coverage,
 as defined in the 1940 Act, equals 200 (or 150 if certain requirements are met) after such borrowings. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
 for the period of time during which the 6.00 Notes due 2026 are outstanding, we will not seek the requisite approval under the 1940
 Act of our board of directors or our shareholders to reduce our asset coverage below 200 . In addition, we have agreed under the
 indenture that, for the period of time during which the 6.00 Notes due 2026 are outstanding, we will not incur any indebtedness,
 unless at the time of the incurrence of such indebtedness we have an asset coverage (as defined in the 1940 Act) of at least 300 
 after giving effect to the incurrence of such indebtedness and the application of the net proceeds therefrom; 

39 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

pay
 dividends on, or purchase or redeem or make any payments in respect of, capital stock or other securities ranking junior in right
 of payment to the 6.00 Notes due 2026, including subordinated indebtedness, except that we have agreed under the indenture that,
 for the period of time during which the 6.00 Notes due 2026 are outstanding, we will not violate Section 18(a)(1)(B) as modified
 by (i) Section 61(a) of the 1940 Act or any successor provisions thereto, whether or not we are subject to such provisions of the
 1940 Act and after giving effect to any exemptive relief granted to us by the SEC and (ii) the following two exceptions: (A) we will
 be permitted to declare a cash dividend or distribution notwithstanding the prohibition contained in Section 18(a)(1)(B) as modified
 by Section 61(a) of the 1940 Act or any successor provisions, but only up to such amount as is necessary for us to maintain our status
 as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code; and (B) this restriction will not be triggered unless and until such time as our asset coverage
 has not been in compliance with the minimum asset coverage required by Section 18(a)(1)(B) as modified by Section 61(a) of the 1940
 Act or any successor provisions (after giving effect to any exemptive relief granted to us by the SEC) for more than six consecutive
 months. Currently, these provisions would generally prohibit us from declaring any cash dividend or distribution upon any class of
 our capital stock, or purchasing any such capital stock if our asset coverage, as defined in the 1940 Act, were below 200 (or 150 
 if certain requirements are met) at the time of the declaration of the dividend or distribution or the purchase and after deducting
 the amount of such dividend, distribution or purchase. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for the period of time during which the 6.00 
 Notes due 2026 are outstanding, we will not seek the requisite approval under the 1940 Act of our board of directors or our shareholders
 to reduce our asset coverage below 200 . In addition, we have agreed under the indenture that, for the period of time during which
 the 6.00 Notes due 2026 are outstanding, we will not purchase any shares of our outstanding capital stock, unless at the time of
 any such purchase we have an asset coverage (as defined in the 1940 Act) of at least 300 after deducting the amount of such purchase
 price; 

sell
 assets (other than certain limited restrictions on our ability to consolidate, merge or sell all or substantially all of our assets); 

enter
 into transactions with affiliates; 

create
 liens (including liens on the shares of our subsidiaries) or enter into sale and leaseback transactions, except that we have agreed
 under the indenture to not incur any secured or unsecured indebtedness that would be senior to the 6.00 Notes due 2026 while the
 6.00 Notes due 2026 are outstanding, subject to certain exceptions; 

make
 investments; or 

create
 restrictions on the payment of dividends or other amounts to us from our subsidiaries. 

In
addition, the indenture governing the 6.00 Notes due 2026 does not require us to make an offer to purchase the 6.00 Notes due 2026
in connection with a change of control or any other event. 

Furthermore,
the terms of the indenture and the 6.00 Notes due 2026 do not protect holders of the 6.00 Notes due 2026 in the event that we experience
changes (including significant adverse changes) in our financial condition, results of operations or credit ratings, if any, as they
do not require that we or our subsidiaries adhere to any financial tests or ratios or specified levels of net worth, revenues, income,
cash flow, or liquidity. 

Our
ability to recapitalize, incur additional debt (including additional debt that matures prior to the maturity of the 6.00 Notes due 2026),
and take a number of other actions that are not limited by the terms of the 6.00 Notes due 2026 may have important consequences for
a holder of the 6.00 Notes due 2026, including making it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations with respect to the 6.00 
Notes due 2026 or negatively affecting the trading value of the 6.00 Notes due 2026. 

Other
debt we issue or incur in the future could contain more protections for its holders than the indenture and the 6.00 Notes due 2026,
including additional covenants and events of default. The issuance or incurrence of any such debt with incremental protections could
affect the market for, trading levels, and prices of the 6.00 Notes due 2026. 

40 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

An
active trading market for the 6.00 Notes due 2026 may not develop or be maintained, which could limit a holder s ability to sell
the 6.00 Notes due 2026 and/or adversely impact the market price of the 6.00 Notes due 2026. 

The
6.00 Notes due 2026 are a new issue of debt securities for which there initially was no trading market. The 6.00 Notes due 2026 are
listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol SSSSL . We cannot provide any assurances that an active trading
market will develop or be maintained for the 6.00 Notes due 2026 or that a holder will be able to sell its 6.00 Notes due 2026. The
6.00 Notes due 2026 may trade at a discount from their initial offering price depending on prevailing interest rates, the market for
similar securities, our credit ratings, if any, general economic conditions, our financial condition, performance and prospects and other
factors. The underwriters of the public offering of the 6.00 Notes due 2026 have advised us that they intend to make a market in the
6.00 Notes due 2026, but they are not obligated to do so. Such underwriters may discontinue any market-making in the 6.00 Notes due
2026 at any time at their sole discretion. 

Accordingly,
we can provide no assurance that a liquid trading market will develop or be maintained for the 6.00 Notes due 2026, that a holder will
be able to sell its 6.00 Notes due 2026 at a particular time or that the price a holder may receive when it sells its 6.00 Notes due
2026 will be favorable. To the extent an active trading market does not develop, the liquidity and trading price for the 6.00 Notes
due 2026 may be harmed. Accordingly, a holder may be required to bear the financial risk of an investment in the 6.00 Notes due 2026
for an indefinite period of time. 

If
we default on our obligations to pay our other indebtedness, we may not be able to make payments on the 6.00 Notes due 2026. 

Any
default under any agreements governing any of our future indebtedness that is not waived by the required lenders or holders of such indebtedness,
and the remedies sought by lenders or the holders of such indebtedness could make us unable to pay principal, premium, if any, and interest
on the 6.00 Notes due 2026 and substantially decrease the market value of the 6.00 Notes due 2026. If we are unable to generate sufficient
cash flow and are otherwise unable to obtain funds necessary to meet required payments of principal, premium, if any, and interest on
our indebtedness, if any, or if we otherwise fail to comply with any covenants, including financial and operating covenants, as applicable,
in the instruments governing our indebtedness, if any, we could be in default under the terms of the agreements governing such indebtedness
and the 6.00 Notes due 2026. In the event of such default, the holders of such indebtedness could elect to declare all the funds borrowed
thereunder to be due and payable, together with accrued and unpaid interest, the lenders under any credit facility or other debt we may
enter into or incur in the future could elect to terminate their commitment, cease making further loans and institute foreclosure proceedings
against our assets, and we could be forced into bankruptcy or liquidation. 

Our
ability to generate sufficient cash flow in the future is, to some extent, subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative
and regulatory factors as well as other factors that are beyond our control. We can provide no assurance that our business will generate
cash flow from operations, or that future borrowings will be available to us, in an amount sufficient to enable us to meet our payment
obligations under the 6.00 Notes due 2026, our other debt, and to fund other liquidity needs. 

If
our operating performance declines and we are not able to generate sufficient cash flow to service our debt obligations, we may in the
future need to refinance or restructure our debt, including any 6.00 Notes due 2026 sold, sell assets, reduce or delay capital investments,
seek to raise additional capital or seek to obtain waivers from the lenders under any credit facility or other debt we may enter into
or incur in the future to avoid being in default. If we are unable to implement one or more of these alternatives, we may not be able
to meet our payment obligations under the 6.00 Notes due 2026 and any other debt. If we are unable to repay debt, lenders having secured
obligations could proceed against the collateral securing the debt. Because any future credit facilities will likely have customary cross-default
provisions, if we have a default under the terms of the 6.00 Notes due 2026, the obligations under any future credit facility may be
accelerated and we may be unable to repay or finance the amounts due. 

We
may choose to redeem the 6.00 Notes due 2026 when prevailing interest rates are relatively low. 

On
or after December 30, 2024, we may choose to redeem the 6.00 Notes due 2026 from time to time, especially if prevailing interest rates
are lower than the rate borne by the 6.00 Notes due 2026. If prevailing rates are lower at the time of redemption, and we redeem the
6.00 Notes due 2026, a holder likely would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a comparable security at an effective
interest rate as high as the interest rate on the 6.00 Notes due 2026 being redeemed. Our redemption right also may adversely impact
a holder s ability to sell the 6.00 Notes due 2026 as the optional redemption date or period approaches. 

41 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

A
downgrade, suspension or withdrawal of the credit rating assigned by a rating agency to us or our securities, if any, could cause the
liquidity or market value of the 6.00 Notes due 2026 to decline significantly. 

Our
credit ratings, if any, are an assessment by rating agencies of our ability to pay our debts when due. Consequently, real or anticipated
changes in our credit ratings will generally affect the market value of the 6.00 Notes due 2026. These credit ratings may not reflect
the potential impact of risks relating to the structure or marketing of the 6.00 Notes due 2026. Credit ratings are paid for by the
issuer and are not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold any security, and may be revised or withdrawn at any time by the issuing organization
in its sole discretion. 

An
explanation of the significance of any ratings of us or our securities may be obtained from the applicable rating agency. Generally,
rating agencies base their ratings on such material and information, and their own investigations, studies and assumptions, as they deem
appropriate. Neither we nor any underwriter undertakes any obligation to maintain any such credit ratings or to advise holders of 6.00 
Notes due 2026 of any changes in credit ratings of us or our securities. There can be no assurance that our credit ratings will remain
at their current levels for any given period of time or that such credit ratings will not be lowered or withdrawn entirely by the rating
agency if in their judgment future circumstances relating to the basis of the credit ratings, such as adverse changes in our company,
so warrant. 

Pursuant
to the terms of the indenture governing the 6.00 Notes due 2026, we will use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain a credit rating
on the 6.00 Notes due 2026 by a nationally recognized statistical rating organization (as such term is defined in Section
3(a)(62) of the Exchange Act) during the period of time that the 6.00 Notes due 2026 are outstanding; provided that no minimum credit
rating is required. We offer no assurance that such rating, should it be maintained, will comport to any particular minimum level of
creditworthiness. 

Risks
Related to an Investment in Our Securities 

Investing
in our securities may involve an above average degree of risk. 

The
investments we make in accordance with our investment objective may result in a higher amount of risk than alternative investment options
and a higher risk of volatility or loss of principal. Our investments in portfolio companies may be highly speculative, and therefore,
an investment in our shares may not be suitable for someone with lower risk tolerance. 

Our
common stock price may be volatile and may decrease substantially. 

The
trading price of our common stock may fluctuate substantially. The price of our common stock that will prevail in the market after any
future offering may be higher or lower than the price you pay, depending on many factors, some of which are beyond our control and may
not be directly related to our operating performance. These factors include, but are not limited to, the following: 

price
 and volume fluctuations in the overall stock market from time to time; 

investor
 demand for our shares; 

significant
 volatility in the market price and trading volume of securities of RICs, BDCs or other financial services companies; 

changes
 in regulatory policies or tax guidelines with respect to RICs or BDCs; 

failure
 to qualify as a RIC for a particular taxable year, or the loss of RIC status; 

actual
 or anticipated changes in our earnings or fluctuations in our operating results or changes in the expectations of securities analysts; 

general
 economic conditions and trends; 

fluctuations
 in the valuation of our portfolio investments; 

operating
 performance of companies comparable to us; 

market
 sentiment against technology-related companies; or 

departures
 of any of the senior members of our management team. 

In
the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of a company s securities, securities class action litigation has
often been brought against that company. Due to the potential volatility of our stock price, we may therefore be the target of securities
litigation in the future. Securities litigation could result in substantial costs and divert management s attention and resources
from our business. For more information, see Our business and operations could be negatively affected if we become subject to
any securities litigation or stockholder activism, which could cause us to incur significant expenses, hinder the execution of our investment
strategy, and impact our stock price. 

42 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Shares
of our common stock have recently traded, and may in the future trade, at discounts from net asset value or at premiums that may prove
to be unsustainable. 

Shares
of BDCs like us may, during some periods, trade at prices higher than their net asset value per share and, during other periods, as frequently
occurs with closed-end investment companies, trade at prices lower than their net asset value per share. The perceived value of our investment
portfolio may be affected by a number of factors including perceived prospects for individual companies we invest in, market conditions
for common stock generally, for IPOs and other exit events for venture-capital-backed companies, and the mix of companies in our investment
portfolio over time. Negative or unforeseen developments affecting the perceived value of companies in our investment portfolio could
result in a decline in the trading price of our common stock relative to our net asset value per share. 

The
possibility that our shares will trade at a discount from net asset value or at premiums that are unsustainable are risks separate and
distinct from the risk that our net asset value per share will decrease. The risk of purchasing shares of a BDC that might trade at a
discount or unsustainable premium is more pronounced for investors who wish to sell their shares in a relatively short period of time
because, for those investors, realization of a gain or loss on their investments is likely to be more dependent upon changes in premium
or discount levels than upon increases or decreases in net asset value per share. As of March 15, 2023, the closing price of our
common stock on the Nasdaq Global Select Market was 3.01 per share, which represented an approximately 59.3 discount to our net asset
value of 7.39 per share as of December 31, 2022. 

We
may not be able to pay distributions to our stockholders and our distributions may not grow over time, particularly since we invest primarily
in securities that do not produce current income, and a portion of distributions paid to our stockholders may be a return of capital,
which is a distribution of the stockholders invested capital. 

The
timing and amount of our distributions, if any, will be determined by our Board of Directors and will be declared out of assets legally
available for distribution. We cannot assure you that we will achieve investment results or maintain a tax treatment that will allow
or require any specified level of cash distributions or year-to-year increases in cash distributions. Our ability to pay distributions
might be adversely affected by, among other things, the impact of one or more of the risk factors described herein. In addition, the
inability to satisfy the asset coverage test applicable to us as a BDC could limit our ability to pay distributions. All distributions
will be paid at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend on our earnings, our financial condition, maintenance of our
tax treatment as a RIC, compliance with applicable BDC regulations, compliance with our debt covenants and such other factors as our
Board of Directors may deem relevant from time to time. We cannot assure you that we will pay distributions to our stockholders in the
future. 

As
we intend to focus on making primarily capital gains-based investments in equity securities, which generally will not be income producing,
we do not anticipate that we will pay dividends on a quarterly basis or become a predictable issuer of dividends, and we expect that
our dividends, if any, will be less consistent than other BDCs that primarily make debt investments. When we make distributions, we will
be required to determine the extent to which such distributions are paid out of current or accumulated taxable earnings, recognized capital
gains or capital. To the extent there is a return of capital, investors will be required to reduce their basis in our stock for U.S.
federal tax purposes, which may result in higher tax liability when the shares are sold, even if they have not increased in value or
have lost value. In addition, any return of capital will be net of any sales load and offering expenses associated with sales of shares
of our common stock. Our distributions have included a return of capital in the past, and our future distributions may include a return
of capital. 

We
have broad discretion over the use of proceeds from our offerings, to the extent they are successful, and will use proceeds in part to
satisfy operating expenses. 

We
have significant flexibility in applying the proceeds of our offerings and may use the net proceeds from such offerings in ways with
which you may not agree, or for purposes other than those contemplated at the time of the offering. We cannot assure you that we will
be able to successfully utilize the proceeds within the time frame contemplated. We will also pay operating expenses, and may pay other
expenses such as due diligence expenses of potential new investments, from the net proceeds of any offering. Our ability to achieve our
investment objective may be limited to the extent that the net proceeds of an offering, pending full investment, are used to pay operating
expenses. In addition, we can provide you no assurance that any such offerings will be successful, or that by increasing the size of
our available equity capital our aggregate expenses, and correspondingly, our expense ratio, will be lowered. 

43 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

We
have internalized our operating structure, including our management and investment functions; as a result, we may incur significant costs
and face significant risks associated with being self-managed, including adverse effects on our business and financial condition. 

On
March 12, 2019, our Board of Directors approved internalizing our operating structure, including our management and investment functions.
There can be no assurances that internalizing our operating structure will be beneficial to us and our stockholders, as we may incur
the costs and risks discussed below and may not be able to effectively replicate the services previously provided to us by our former
investment adviser, GSV Asset Management, and our former administrator, GSV Capital Service Company. 

While
we will no longer bear the costs of the various fees and expenses we previously paid to GSV Asset Management under the Investment Advisory
Agreement, our direct expenses will generally include general and administrative costs, including legal, accounting, and other expenses
related to corporate governance, SEC reporting and compliance, as well as costs and expenses related to making and managing our investments.
We will also now incur the compensation and benefits costs of our officers and other employees and consultants, and we have issued equity
awards to our officers, employees and consultants, which awards may decrease net income and funds from our operations and may dilute
our stockholders. We may also be subject to potential liabilities commonly faced by employers, such as workers disability and compensation
claims, potential labor disputes and other employee-related liabilities and grievances. 

Finally, internalization transactions have also, in some cases, been the
subject of litigation. Even if these claims are without merit, we could be forced to spend significant amounts of time and money defending
claims, which would reduce the amount of funds available for us to make investments and to pay distributions, and may divert our management s
attention from managing our investments. 

All
of these factors could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, and ability to pay distributions. 

General
Risk Factors 

We
will likely experience fluctuations in our results and we may be unable to replicate past investment opportunities or make the types
of investments we have made to date in future periods. 

We
will likely experience fluctuations in our operating results due to a number of factors, including the rate at which we make new investments,
the level of our expenses, changes in the valuation of our portfolio investments, variations in and the timing of the recognition of
realized and unrealized gains or losses, the degree to which we encounter competition in our markets and general economic conditions.
For example, since inception through December 31, 2022, we have experienced substantial cumulative negative cash flows from operations.
These fluctuations may in certain cases be exaggerated as a result of our focus on realizing capital gains rather than current income
from our investments. In addition, there can be no assurance that we will be able to locate or acquire investments that are of a similar
nature to those currently in our portfolio. As a result of these factors, results for any period should not be relied upon as being indicative
of performance in future periods. 

44 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Uncertainty
about presidential administration initiatives could negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

The
current administration has called for significant changes to U.S. trade, healthcare, immigration, foreign and government regulatory policy.
In this regard, there is significant uncertainty with respect to legislation, regulation and government policy at the federal level,
as well as the state and local levels. Recent events have created a climate of heightened uncertainty and introduced new and difficult-to-quantify
macroeconomic and political risks with potentially far-reaching implications. There has been a corresponding meaningful increase in the
uncertainty surrounding interest rates, inflation, foreign exchange rates, trade volumes and fiscal and monetary policy. To the extent
the U.S. Congress or the current administration implements changes to U.S. policy, those changes may impact, among other things, the
U.S. and global economy, international trade and relations, unemployment, immigration, corporate taxes, healthcare, the U.S. regulatory
environment, inflation and other areas. 

A
particular area identified as subject to potential change, amendment or repeal includes the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer
Protection Act, or the Dodd-Frank Act, including the Volcker Rule and various swaps and derivatives regulations, credit
risk retention requirements and the authorities of the Federal Reserve, the Financial Stability Oversight Council and the SEC. Given
the uncertainty associated with the manner in which and whether the provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act will be implemented, repealed, amended,
or replaced, the full impact such requirements will have on our business, results of operations or financial condition is unclear. The
changes resulting from the Dodd-Frank Act or any changes to the regulations already implemented thereunder may require us to invest significant
management attention and resources to evaluate and make necessary changes in order to comply with new statutory and regulatory requirements.
Failure to comply with any such laws, regulations or principles, or changes thereto, may negatively impact our business, results of operations
or financial condition. While we cannot predict what effect any changes in the laws or regulations or their interpretations would have
on us as a result of recent financial reform legislation, these changes could be materially adverse to us and our stockholders. 

45 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Terrorist
attacks, acts of war or natural disasters may affect any market for our securities, impact the businesses in which we invest and harm
our business, operating results and financial condition. 

Terrorist acts, acts of war or natural disasters, including as a result
of global climate change, may disrupt our operations, as well as the operations of the businesses in which we invest. Such acts have created,
and may continue to create, economic and political uncertainties and have contributed to global economic instability. Terrorist activities,
military or security operations, global health emergencies, or extreme weather conditions or other natural disasters, including as a result
of global climate change, could further weaken domestic and/or global economies and create additional uncertainties, which may negatively
impact the businesses in which we invest directly or indirectly and, in turn, could have a material adverse impact on our business, operating
results and financial condition. Losses from terrorist attacks, global health emergencies, and extreme weather conditions or other natural
disasters are generally uninsurable. The nature and level of extreme weather conditions or other natural disasters cannot be predicted
and may be exacerbated by global climate change. 

The
failure in cyber-security systems, as well as the occurrence of events unanticipated in our disaster recovery systems and management
continuity planning could impair our ability to conduct business effectively. 

Cybersecurity incidents and cyber-attacks have been occurring globally
at a more frequent and severe level, and will likely continue to increase in frequency in the future. The occurrence of a disaster, such
as a cyber-attack against us or against a third party that has access to our data or networks, a natural catastrophe, an industrial accident,
failure of our disaster recovery systems, or consequential employee error, could have an adverse effect on our ability to communicate
or conduct business, negatively impacting our operations and financial condition. This adverse effect can become particularly acute if
those events affect our electronic data processing, transmission, storage, and retrieval systems, or impact the availability, integrity,
or confidentiality of our data. 

Our
business operations rely upon secure information technology systems for data processing, storage and reporting. Despite careful security
and controls design, implementation and updating, our information technology systems could become subject to cyber-attacks. Network,
system, application and data breaches could result in operational disruptions or information misappropriation, which could have a material
adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

The
occurrence of a disaster such as a cyber-attack, a natural catastrophe, an industrial accident, a terrorist attack or war, events unanticipated
in our disaster recovery systems, or a support failure from external providers, could have an adverse effect on our ability to conduct
business and on our results of operations and financial condition, particularly if those events affect our computer-based data processing,
transmission, storage, and retrieval systems or destroy data. If a significant number of the members of our management team are unavailable
in the event of a disaster, our ability to effectively conduct our business could be severely compromised. 

We
depend heavily upon computer systems to perform necessary business functions. Despite our implementation of a variety of security measures,
our computer systems could be subject to cyber-attacks and unauthorized access, such as physical and electronic break-ins or unauthorized
tampering. Like other companies, we may experience threats to our data and systems, including malware and computer virus attacks, unauthorized
access, system failures and disruptions. If one or more of these events occurs, it could potentially jeopardize the confidential, proprietary
and other information processed and stored in, and transmitted through, our computer systems and networks, or otherwise cause interruptions
or malfunctions in our operations, which could result in damage to our reputation, financial losses, litigation, increased costs, regulatory
penalties and/or customer dissatisfaction or loss, reputational damage, and increased costs associated with mitigation of damages and
remediation. If unauthorized parties gain access to such information and technology systems, they may be able to steal, publish, delete
or modify private and sensitive information, including nonpublic personal information related to stockholders (and their beneficial owners)
and material nonpublic information. The systems we have implemented to manage risks relating to these types of events could prove to
be inadequate and, if compromised, could become inoperable for extended periods of time, cease to function properly or fail to adequately
secure private information. Breaches such as those involving covertly introduced malware, impersonation of authorized users and industrial
or other espionage may not be identified even with sophisticated prevention and detection systems, potentially resulting in further harm
and preventing them from being addressed appropriately. The failure of these systems or of disaster recovery plans for any reason could
cause significant interruptions in our operations and result in a failure to maintain the security, confidentiality or privacy of sensitive
data, including personal information relating to stockholders, material nonpublic information and other sensitive information in our
possession. 

46 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

A
disaster or a disruption in the infrastructure that supports our business, including a disruption involving electronic communications
or other services used by us or third parties with whom we conduct business, or directly affecting our headquarters, could have a material
adverse impact on our ability to continue to operate our business without interruption. Our disaster recovery programs may not be sufficient
to mitigate the harm that may result from such a disaster or disruption. In addition, insurance and other safeguards might only partially
reimburse us for our losses, if at all. 

Third
parties with which we do business may also be sources of cybersecurity or other technological risk. We outsource certain functions and
these relationships allow for the storage and processing of our information, as well as client, counterparty, employee, and borrower
information. While we engage in actions to reduce our exposure resulting from outsourcing, ongoing threats may result in unauthorized
access, loss, exposure, destruction, or other cybersecurity incident that affects our data, resulting in increased costs and other consequences
as described above. 

In
addition, cybersecurity has become a top priority for regulators around the world, and some jurisdictions have enacted laws requiring
companies to notify individuals of data security breaches involving certain types of personal data. If we fail to comply with the relevant
laws and regulations, we could suffer financial losses, a disruption of our businesses, liability to investors, regulatory intervention
or reputational damage. 

Finally, the increased use of mobile and cloud technologies due to the
proliferation of remote work resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic could heighten these and other operational risks as certain aspects
of the security of such technologies may be complex and unpredictable. Reliance on mobile or cloud technology or any failure by mobile
technology and cloud service providers to adequately safeguard their systems and prevent cyber-attacks could disrupt our operations, the
operations of a portfolio company or the operations of our or their service providers and result in misappropriation, corruption or loss
of personal, confidential or proprietary information or the inability to conduct ordinary business operations. In addition, there is a
risk that encryption and other protective measures may be circumvented, particularly to the extent that new computing technologies increase
the speed and computing power available. An extended period of remote working, whether by us, our portfolio companies, or our third-party
providers, could strain technology resources and introduce operational risks, including heightened cybersecurity risk. Remote working
environments may be less secure and more susceptible to hacking attacks, including phishing and social engineering attempts. Accordingly,
the risks described above are heightened under current conditions. 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

Not
applicable. 

Item
2. Properties 

We
do not own any real estate or other physical properties materially important to our operations. Our principal executive office and headquarters
is located at 640 Fifth Avenue, 12th Floor, New York, NY 10019 and we maintain an additional office at One Sansome Street, Suite 730,
San Francisco, CA 94104. We are party to office leases pursuant to which we are leasing office facilities from third parties. We believe
our office facilities are suitable and adequate for our business as it is presently conducted. 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings 

We
are not currently subject to any material legal proceedings, nor, to our knowledge, are any material legal proceedings threatened against
us. From time to time, we may be a party to certain legal proceedings in the ordinary course of business, including proceedings relating
to the enforcement of our rights under contracts with our portfolio companies. Furthermore, third parties may seek to impose liability
on us in connection with the activities of our portfolio companies. Our business is also subject to extensive regulation, which may result
in regulatory proceedings against us. While the outcome of any future legal or regulatory proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty,
we do not expect that any such future proceedings will have a material effect upon our financial condition or results of operations. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not
applicable. 

47 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART
II 

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Our
common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol SSSS. Prior to November 24, 2021, our common
stock traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the same symbol SSSS ). Our common stock has historically traded at prices
both above and below our net asset value per share. It is not possible to predict whether our common stock will trade at, above or below
net asset value NAV ). See Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to an Investment in Our Securities. 
The following table sets forth, for each fiscal quarter for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the net asset value
per share of our common stock, the range of high and low closing sales prices for our common stock, and such closing sales price as a
percentage (premium and discount) to our net asset value per share. The closing market prices reported below have been adjusted to give
retroactive effect to material changes resulting from stock dividends. The reported closing market price of our common stock on March
15, 2023 was 3.01 per share, which represented an approximately 59.3 discount to our net asset value of 7.39 per share as of December
31, 2022. 

Price Range 
 High Close Price 
 as a 
 Low Close Price 
 as a 

NAV (1) 
 High 
 Low 
 Premium/(Discount) to NAV (2) 
 Premium/(Discount) to NAV (2) 
 
 Fiscal 2022 

Fourth Quarter 
 7.39 
 4.38 
 3.67 
 (40.7 
 (50.3 
 
 Third Quarter 
 7.83 
 6.81 
 3.87 
 (13.0 
 (50.6 
 
 Second Quarter 
 9.24 
 8.94 
 6.33 
 (3.2 
 (31.5 
 
 First Quarter 
 12.22 
 13.36 
 8.27 
 9.3 
 (32.3 
 
 Fiscal 2021 

Fourth Quarter 
 11.72 
 15.60 
 11.41 
 33.1 
 (2.6 
 
 Third Quarter 
 14.79 
 16.25 
 12.19 
 9.9 
 (17.6 
 
 Second Quarter 
 16.56 
 15.52 
 13.07 
 (6.3 
 (21.1 
 
 First Quarter 
 18.01 
 15.43 
 12.33 
 (14.3 
 (31.5 
 
 Fiscal 2020 

Fourth Quarter 
 15.14 
 13.29 
 8.16 
 (12.2 
 (46.1 
 
 Third Quarter 
 12.46 
 14.31 
 8.63 
 14.8 
 (30.7 
 
 Second Quarter 
 11.84 
 9.19 
 5.31 
 (22.4 
 (55.2 
 
 First Quarter 
 10.22 
 7.00 
 3.61 
 (31.5 
 (64.7 

(1) 
 NAV per share is determined as of the last day in the relevant
quarter and therefore may not reflect the NAV per share on the date of the high and low close prices. The NAV per share figures shown
are based on outstanding shares at the end of each period. 

(2) 
 Calculated as the respective high or low close sales price
divided by the NAV and subtracting 1. 

Holders 

As
of March 15, 2023, there were 6 holders of record of our common stock (including Cede Co.). 

Distributions 

We
have elected to be treated as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code and expect to continue to operate in a manner so as to qualify for
the tax treatment applicable to RICs. To maintain RIC tax treatment, we must, among other things, distribute at least 90 of our ordinary
income and realized net short-term capital gains in excess of realized net long-term capital losses, if any. Further, undistributed taxable
income (subject to a 4 excise tax) pertaining to a given fiscal year may be distributed up to 12 months subsequent to the end of that
fiscal year, provided such dividends are declared prior to the later of (1) the fifteenth day of the ninth month following the close
of that fiscal year or (2) the extended due date for filing the U.S. federal income tax return for that fiscal year. In order to avoid
certain excise taxes imposed on RICs, we currently intend to distribute during each calendar year an amount at least equal to the sum
of (1) 98 of our ordinary income for the calendar year, (2) 98.2 of our capital gains in excess of capital losses for the one-year
period ending on October 31 of the calendar year and (3) any ordinary income and net capital gains for preceding years that were not
distributed during such years. In addition, although we currently intend to distribute realized net capital gains (i.e., net long-term
capital gains in excess of net short-term capital losses), if any, at least annually, we may in the future decide to retain such capital
gains for investment. If this happens, our stockholders will be treated as if they received an actual distribution of the capital gains
we retain and reinvested the net after-tax proceeds in us. Stockholders may be eligible to claim a tax credit (or, in certain circumstances,
a tax refund) equal to the allocable share of the tax we paid on the capital gains deemed distributed to them. We can offer no assurance
that we will achieve results that will permit the payment of any cash distributions and, to the extent that we issue senior securities,
we will be prohibited from making distributions if doing so causes us to fail to maintain the asset coverage ratios stipulated by the
1940 Act or if distributions are limited by the terms of any of our borrowings. 

48 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

The
timing and amount of our distributions, if any, will be determined by our Board of Directors and will be declared out of assets legally
available for distribution. The following table lists the distributions, including dividends and returns of capital, if any, per share
that we have declared since our formation through December 31, 2022. The table is divided by fiscal year according to record date: 

Date Declared 
 Record Date 
 Payment Date 
 Amount per Share 
 
 Fiscal 2015: 

November 4, 2015 (1) 
 November 16, 2015 
 December 31, 2015 
 2.76 
 
 Fiscal 2016: 

August 3, 2016 (2) 
 August 16, 2016 
 August 24, 2016 
 0.04 
 
 Fiscal 2019: 

November 5, 2019 (3) 
 December 2, 2019 
 December 12, 2019 
 0.20 
 
 December 20, 2019 (4) 
 December 31, 2019 
 January 15, 2020 
 0.12 
 
 Fiscal 2020: 

July 29, 2020 (5) 
 August 11, 2020 
 August 25, 2020 
 0.15 
 
 September 28, 2020 (6) 
 October 5, 2020 
 October 20, 2020 
 0.25 
 
 October 28, 2020 (7) 
 November 10, 2020 
 November 30, 2020 
 0.25 
 
 December 16, 2020 (8) 
 December 30, 2020 
 January 15, 2021 
 0.22 
 
 Fiscal 2021: 

January 26, 2021 (9) 
 February 5, 2021 
 February 19, 2021 
 0.25 
 
 March 8, 2021 (10) 
 March 30, 2021 
 April 15, 2021 
 0.25 
 
 May 4, 2021 (11) 
 May 18, 2021 
 June 30, 2021 
 2.50 
 
 August 3, 2021 (12) 
 August 18, 2021 
 September 30, 2021 
 2.25 
 
 November 2, 2021 (13) 
 November 17, 2021 
 December 30, 2021 
 2.00 
 
 December 20, 2021 (14) 
 December 31, 2021 
 January 14, 2022 
 0.75 
 
 Fiscal 2022: 

March 8, 2022 (15) 
 March 25, 2022 
 April 15, 2022 
 0.11 
 
 Total 

12.10 

(1) 
 The distribution was paid in cash or shares of our common stock at the election of stockholders, although the total amount of cash distributed to all stockholders was limited to approximately 50 of the total distribution to be paid to all stockholders. As a result of stockholder elections, the distribution consisted of 2,860,903 shares of common stock issued in lieu of cash, or approximately 14.8 of our outstanding shares prior to the distribution, as well as cash of 26,358,885. The number of shares of common stock comprising the stock portion was calculated based on a price of 9.425 per share, which equaled the average of the volume weighted-average trading price per share of our common stock on December 28, 29 and 30, 2015. None of the 2.76 per share distribution represented a return of capital. 
 
 (2) 
 Of the total distribution of 887,240 on August 24, 2016, 820,753 represented a distribution from realized gains, and 66,487 represented a return of capital. 
 
 (3) 
 All of the 3,512,849 distribution paid on December 12, 2019 represented a distribution from realized gains. None of the distribution represented a return of capital. 
 
 (4) 
 All of the 2,107,709 distribution paid on January 15, 2020 represented a distribution from realized gains. None of the distribution represented a return of capital. 
 
 (5) 
 All of the 2,516,452 distribution paid on August 25, 2020 represented a distribution from realized gains. None of the distribution represented a return of capital. 
 
 (6) 
 All of the 5,071,326 distribution paid on October 20, 2020 represented a distribution from realized gains. None of the distribution represented a return of capital. 
 
 (7) 
 All of the 4,978,504 distribution paid on November 30, 2020 represented a distribution from realized gains. None of the distribution represented a return of capital. 

49 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

(8) 
 All of the 4,381,084 distribution paid on January 15, 2021 represented a distribution from realized gains. None of the distribution represented a return of capital. 
 
 (9) 
 All of the 4,981,131 distribution paid on February 19, 2021 represented a distribution from realized gains. None of the distribution represented a return of capital. 
 
 (10) 
 All of the 6,051,304 distribution paid on April 15, 2021 represented a distribution from realized gains. None of the distribution represented a return of capital. 
 
 (11) 
 The distribution was paid in cash or shares of our common stock at the election of stockholders, although the total amount of cash distributed to all stockholders was limited to approximately 50 of the total distribution to be paid to all stockholders. As a result of stockholder elections, the distribution consisted of 2,335,527 shares of common stock issued in lieu of cash, or approximately 9.6 of our outstanding shares prior to the distribution, as well as cash of 29,987,589. The number of shares of common stock comprising the stock portion was calculated based on a price of 13.07 per share, which equaled the average of the volume weighted-average trading price per share of our common stock on May 12, 13, and 14, 2021. None of the 2.50 per share distribution represented a return of capital. 
 
 (12) 
 The distribution was paid in cash or shares of our common stock at the election of stockholders, although the total amount of cash distributed to all stockholders was limited to approximately 50 of the total distribution to be paid to all stockholders. As a result of stockholder elections, the distribution consisted of 2,225,193 shares of common stock issued in lieu of cash, or approximately 8.4 of our outstanding shares prior to the distribution, as well as cash of 29,599,164. The number of shares of common stock comprising the stock portion was calculated based on a price of 13.55 per share, which equaled the average of the volume weighted-average trading price per share of our common stock on August 11, 12, and 13, 2021. None of the 2.25 per share distribution represented a return of capital. 
 
 (13) 
 The distribution was paid in cash or shares of our common stock at the election of stockholders, although the total amount of cash distributed to all stockholders was limited to approximately 50 of the total distribution to be paid to all stockholders. As a result of stockholder elections, the distribution consisted of 2,170,807 shares of common stock issued in lieu of cash, or approximately 7.5 of our outstanding shares prior to the distribution, as well as cash of 28,494,812. The number of shares of common stock comprising the stock portion was calculated based on a price of 13.39 per share, which equaled the average of the volume weighted-average trading price per share of our common stock on November 11, 12, and 13, 2021. None of the 2.00 per share distribution represented a return of capital. 
 
 (14) 
 All of the 23,338,915 distribution paid on January 14, 2022 represented a distribution from realized gains. None of the distribution represented a return of capital. 
 
 (15) 
 All of the 3,441,824 distribution paid on April 15, 2022 represented a distribution from realized gains. None of the distribution represented a return of capital. 

We
intend to focus on making equity-based investments from which we will derive primarily capital gains. As a consequence, we do not anticipate
that we will pay distributions on a quarterly basis or become a predictable distributor of distributions, and we expect that our distributions,
if any, will be much less consistent than the distributions of other BDCs that primarily make debt investments. If there are earnings
or realized capital gains to be distributed, we intend to declare and pay a distribution at least annually. The amount of realized capital
gains available for distribution to stockholders will be impacted by our tax status. 

Our
current intention is to make any future distributions out of assets legally available therefrom in the form of additional shares of our
common stock under our dividend reinvestment plan, except in the case of stockholders who elect to receive dividends and/or long-term
capital gains distributions in cash. Under the dividend reinvestment plan, if a stockholder owns shares of common stock registered in
its own name, the stockholder will have all cash distributions (net of any applicable withholding) automatically reinvested in additional
shares of common stock unless the stockholder opts out of our dividend reinvestment plan by delivering a written notice to our dividend
paying agent prior to the record date of the next dividend or distribution. Any distributions reinvested under the plan will nevertheless
be treated as received by the U.S. stockholder for U.S. federal income tax purposes, although no cash distribution has been made. As
a result, if a stockholder does not elect to opt out of the dividend reinvestment plan, it will be required to pay applicable federal,
state and local taxes on any reinvested dividends even though such stockholder will not receive a corresponding cash distribution. Stockholders
that hold shares in the name of a broker or financial intermediary should contact the broker or financial intermediary regarding any
election to receive distributions in cash. 

So
long as we qualify and maintain our tax treatment as a RIC, we generally will not be subject to U.S. federal and state income taxes on
any ordinary income or capital gains that we distribute at least annually to our stockholders as dividends. Rather, any tax liability
related to income earned by the RIC will represent obligations of our investors and will not be reflected in our consolidated financial
statements. See Note 2 Significant Accounting Policies U.S. Federal and State Income Taxes and Note
9 Income Taxes to our consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2022 for more information. The Taxable Subsidiaries
included in our consolidated financial statements are taxable subsidiaries, regardless of whether we are taxed as a RIC. These taxable
subsidiaries are not consolidated for income tax purposes and may generate income tax expenses as a result of their ownership of the
portfolio companies. Such income tax expenses and deferred taxes, if any, will be reflected in our consolidated financial statements. 

50 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Performance
Graph 

The
following graph compares the cumulative total return on our common stock with that of the Standard Poor s 500 Stock Index
and the Nasdaq Stock Index, as we do not believe there is an appropriate index of companies with an investment strategy similar to our
own with which to compare the return on our common stock, for the five years ended December 31, 2022. The graph assumes that, on December
31, 2017, a person invested 100.00 in our common stock, at the closing price of our common stock on December 31, 2017, and in the Standard
 Poor s 500 Stock Index and the Nasdaq Stock Index. The graph measures total stockholder return, which takes into account
both changes in stock price and dividends. It assumes that dividends are reinvested in like securities on the respective dividend dates
without commissions. 

12/31/17 
 12/31/18 
 12/31/19 
 12/31/20 
 12/31/21 
 12/31/22 
 
 SSSS 
 100.00 
 95.78 
 126.01 
 272.97 
 471.18 
 139.92 
 
 S P 500 Index 
 100.00 
 93.76 
 120.84 
 140.49 
 178.27 
 143.61 
 
 Nasdaq Stock Index 
 100.00 
 96.12 
 129.97 
 186.69 
 226.63 
 151.61 

The
graph and other information furnished under this Part II, Item 5 of this annual report on Form 10-K shall not be deemed to be soliciting
material or to be filed with the SEC or subject to Regulation 14A or 14C, or to the liabilities of Section 18 of
the Exchange Act. The stock price performance included in the above graph is not necessarily indicative of future stock price performance. 

Sales
of Unregistered Equity Securities 

We
did not sell any equity securities during the period covered in this report that were not registered under the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended. 

51 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Issuer
Purchases of Equity Securities (1) 

Information
relating to the Company s purchases of its common stock during the year ended December 31, 2022 is as follows: 

Period 
 Total Number
of Shares Purchased (2) 
 Average Price Paid Per Share 
 Total
Number of
Shares Purchased
as Part
of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs 
 Approximate Dollar
Value of Shares
that May Yet
Be Purchased Under
the Share Repurchase Program 
 
 January 1 through January 31, 2022 

9,617,312 
 
 February 1 through February 28, 2022 

9,617,312 
 
 March 1 through March 31, 2022 
 153,517 
 8.86 
 153,517 
 23,257,705 
 
 April 1 through April 30, 2022 
 431,134 
 8.57 
 431,134 
 19,562,554 
 
 May 1 through May 31, 2022 
 250,000 
 8.09 
 250,000 
 17,540,619 
 
 June 1 through June 30, 2022 
 174,025 
 6.76 
 174,025 
 16,364,771 
 
 July 1 through July 31, 2022 

16,364,771 
 
 August 1 through August 31, 2022 

16,364,771 
 
 September 1 through September 30, 2022 
 2,000,000 
 6.60 
 2,000,000 
 16,364,771 
 
 October 1 through October 31, 2022 

16,364,771 
 
 November 1 through November 30, 2022 
 50,000 
 4.26 
 
 16,364,771 
 
 December 1 through December 31, 2022 
 92,508 
 3.73 
 
 16,364,771 
 
 Total 
 3,151,184 
 
 3,008,676 

On
August 8, 2022, the Company commenced a modified Dutch Auction tender offer (the Modified Dutch Auction Tender Offer to purchase up to 2,000,000 shares of its common stock from it s stockholders, which expired on September 2, 2022. In accordance
with the terms of the Modified Dutch Auction Tender Offer, the Company selected the lowest price per share of not less than 6.00 per
share and not greater than 7.00 per share. 

Pursuant
to the Modified Dutch Auction Tender Offer, the Company repurchased 2,000,000 shares, representing 6.6 of its then outstanding
shares, on or about September 12, 2022 at a price of 6.60 per share. The Company used available cash to fund the purchases of its
shares of common stock in the Modified Dutch Auction Tender Offer and to pay for all related fees and expenses. 

(1) 
 On August 8, 2017, we announced the 5.0 million discretionary
open-market Share Repurchase Program under which our Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of shares of our common stock in the
open market until the earlier of (i) August 6, 2018 or (ii) the repurchase of 5.0 million in aggregate amount of our common stock. On
November 7, 2017, our Board of Directors authorized an extension of, and an increase in the amount of shares of our common stock that
may be repurchased under, the discretionary Share Repurchase Program until the earlier of (i) November 6, 2018 or (ii) the repurchase
of 10.0 million in aggregate amount of our common stock. On May 3, 2018, the Company s Board of Directors authorized an additional
 5.0 million increase in the amount of shares of our common stock that may be repurchased under the discretionary Share Repurchase Program
until the earlier of (i) November 6, 2018 or (ii) the repurchase of 15.0 million in aggregate amount of our common stock. On November
1, 2018, the Company s Board of Directors authorized a 5.0 million increase in the amount of shares of the Company s common
stock that may be repurchased under the discretionary Share Repurchase Program until the earlier of (i) October 31, 2019 or (ii) the
repurchase of 20.0 million in aggregate amount of the Company s common stock. On August 5, 2019, our Board of Directors authorized
a 5.0 million increase in the amount of shares of our common stock that may be repurchased under the discretionary Share Repurchase
Program until the earlier of (i) August 4, 2020 or (ii) the repurchase of 25.0 million in aggregate amount of our common stock. On March
9, 2020, our Board of Directors authorized a 5.0 million increase in the amount of shares of our common stock that may be repurchased
under the discretionary Share Repurchase Program until the earlier of (i) March 8, 2021 or (ii) the repurchase of 30.0 million in aggregate
amount of our common stock. On October 28, 2020, our Board of Directors authorized a 10.0 million increase in the amount of shares of
our common stock that may be repurchased under the discretionary Share Repurchase Program until the earlier of (i) October 31, 2021 or
(ii) the repurchase of 40.0 million in aggregate amount of our common stock. On October 27, 2021, our Board of Directors approved an
extension of the Share Repurchase Program until the earlier of (i) October 31, 2022 or (ii) the repurchase of 40.0 million in aggregate
amount of our common stock. On March 13, 2022, our Board of Directors authorized a 15.0 million increase in the amount of shares of
our common stock that may be repurchased under the discretionary Share Repurchase Program until the earlier of (i) October 31, 2022 or
(ii) the repurchase of 55.0 million in aggregate amount of our common stock. On October 19, 2022, the Company s Board of Directors
approved an extension of the Share Repurchase Program until the earlier of (i) October 31, 2023 or (ii) the repurchase of 55.0 million
in aggregate amount of the Company s common stock. The timing and number of shares to be repurchased will depend on a number of
factors, including market conditions and alternative investment opportunities. The Share Repurchase Program may be suspended, terminated
or modified at any time for any reason and does not obligate us to acquire any specific number of shares of our common stock. During
the year ended December 31, 2022, we repurchased 1,008,676 shares, respectively, of our common stock under the Share Repurchase Program. As
of December 31, 2022, the dollar value of shares that remained available to be purchased by the Company under the Share Repurchase Program
was approximately 16.4 million. 

(2) 
 Includes purchases of our common stock made on the open market
by or on behalf of any affiliated purchaser, as defined in Exchange Act Rule 10b-18(a)(3), of the Company. 

52 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Senior
Securities 

Information
about our senior securities is shown in the following table as of the end of the last ten fiscal years. The report of our independent
registered public accounting firm, Marcum LLP, on the senior securities table, as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, is attached as
an exhibit to this annual report on Form 10-K. 

Class and Year 
 Total Amount Outstanding Exclusive of Treasury Securities (1) 
 Asset Coverage Ratio Per Unit (2) 
 Involuntary Liquidation Preference Per Unit (3) 
 Average Market Value Per Unit 
 
 6.00 Notes due 2026 

Fiscal 2022 (4) 
 75,000,000 
 3,800 
 
 24.83 
 
 Fiscal 2021 (4) 
 75,000,000 
 5,865 
 
 25.52 
 
 Fiscal 2020 
 
 8,892 
 
 N/A 
 
 Fiscal 2019 
 
 5,998 
 
 N/A 
 
 Fiscal 2018 
 
 5,884 
 
 N/A 
 
 Fiscal 2017 
 
 3,968 
 
 N/A 
 
 Fiscal 2016 
 
 3,784 
 
 N/A 
 
 Fiscal 2015 
 
 4,884 
 
 N/A 
 
 Fiscal 2014 
 
 4,286 
 
 N/A 
 
 Fiscal 2013 
 
 5,173 
 
 N/A 
 
 4.75 Convertible Senior Notes due 2023 

Fiscal 2022 
 
 3,800 
 
 N/A 
 
 Fiscal 2021 (5) 
 
 5,865 
 
 N/A 
 
 Fiscal 2020 (5) 
 38,215,000 
 8,892 
 
 N/A 
 
 Fiscal 2019 
 40,000,000 
 5,998 
 
 N/A 
 
 Fiscal 2018 
 40,000,000 
 5,884 
 
 N/A 
 
 Fiscal 2017 
 
 3,968 
 
 N/A 
 
 Fiscal 2016 
 
 3,784 
 
 N/A 
 
 Fiscal 2015 
 
 4,884 
 
 N/A 
 
 Fiscal 2014 
 
 4,286 
 
 N/A 
 
 Fiscal 2013 
 
 5,173 
 
 N/A 
 
 5.25 Convertible Senior Notes due 2018 

Fiscal 2022 
 
 3,800 
 
 N/A 
 
 Fiscal 2021 
 
 5,865 
 
 N/A 
 
 Fiscal 2020 
 
 8,892 
 
 N/A 
 
 Fiscal 2019 
 
 5,998 
 
 N/A 
 
 Fiscal 2018 (6) 
 
 5,884 
 
 N/A 
 
 Fiscal 2017 
 69,000,000 
 3,968 
 
 N/A 
 
 Fiscal 2016 
 69,000,000 
 3,784 
 
 N/A 
 
 Fiscal 2015 
 69,000,000 
 4,884 
 
 N/A 
 
 Fiscal 2014 
 69,000,000 
 4,286 
 
 N/A 
 
 Fiscal 2013 
 69,000,000 
 5,173 
 
 N/A 
 
 Credit Facility 

Fiscal 2022 
 
 3,800 
 
 N/A 
 
 Fiscal 2021 
 
 5,865 
 
 N/A 
 
 Fiscal 2020 
 
 8,892 
 
 N/A 
 
 Fiscal 2019 (7) 
 
 5,998 
 
 N/A 
 
 Fiscal 2018 (7) 
 
 5,884 
 
 N/A 
 
 Fiscal 2017 (7) 
 
 3,968 
 
 N/A 
 
 Fiscal 2016 (8) 
 
 3,784 
 
 N/A 
 
 Fiscal 2015 (8) 
 
 4,884 
 
 N/A 
 
 Fiscal 2014 (8) 
 18,000,000 
 4,286 
 
 N/A 
 
 Fiscal 2013 
 
 5,173 
 
 N/A 

(1) 
 Total gross amount of each class of senior securities outstanding
at the end of the period presented, before deduction of discount and debt issuance costs. 

53 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

(2) 
 Asset coverage per unit for a class of senior securities is
the ratio of the carrying value of our total consolidated assets, less all liabilities and indebtedness not represented by senior securities,
to the aggregate amount of senior securities representing indebtedness. Asset coverage per unit is expressed in terms of dollar amounts
per 1,000 of indebtedness. 

(3) 
 The amount to which such class of senior security would be
entitled upon the voluntary liquidation of the issuer in preference to any security junior to it. The in this column
indicates that the SEC expressly does not require this information to be disclosed for the types of senior securities representing indebtedness
issued by the Company as of the stated time periods. 

(4) 
 The 6.00 Notes due 2026 were issued on December 17, 2021. 

(5) 
 For the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company issued 174,888
shares of its common stock and cash for fractional shares upon the conversion of 1,785,000 in aggregate principal amount of the 4.75 
Convertible Senior Notes due 2023. The 4.75 Convertible Senior Notes due 2023 were repaid in full with interest on March 29, 2021. 

(6) 
 The 5.25 Convertible Senior Notes due 2018 were repaid in
full with interest on September 15, 2018. 

(7) 
 Represents amounts under the 12.0 million senior secured revolving
Credit Facility with Western Alliance Bank which matured on May 31, 2019. 

(8) 
 Represents amounts under the 18.0 million Credit Facility
with SVB which matured on December 31, 2016. 

Fees
and Expenses 

The
following table is intended to assist you in understanding the costs and expenses that an investor will bear directly or indirectly.
We caution you that some of the percentages indicated in the table below are estimates and may vary. The following table should not be
considered a representation of our future expenses. Actual expenses may be greater or less than shown. Except where the context suggests
otherwise, whenever this Annual Report on Form 10-K contains a reference to fees or expenses paid by us or SuRo
Capital, or that we will pay fees or expenses, you will indirectly bear such fees or expenses as an investor in
SuRo Capital Corp., however, your responsibility for such fees or expenses is limited to your investment in SuRo Capital Corp. The fee
table and example below include all fees and expenses of our consolidated subsidiaries. 

Stockholder transaction expenses: 

Sales load (as a percentage of offering price) 
 (1) 
 
 Offering expenses (as a percentage of offering price) 
 (2) 
 
 Dividend reinvestment plan expenses 
 (3) 
 
 Total stockholder transaction expenses (as a percentage of offering price) 
 (4) 
 
 Annual expenses (as a percentage of net assets attributable to common stock) (8) : 

Operating expenses 
 5.55 (5) 
 
 Interest payments on borrowed funds 
 2.34 (6) 
 
 Other expenses 
 0.76 (7) 
 
 Total annual expenses 
 8.65 

(1) 
 In the event that our securities are sold to or through underwriters,
a corresponding prospectus or prospectus supplement will disclose the applicable sales load. 

54 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

(2) 
 In the event that we conduct an offering of our securities,
a corresponding prospectus or prospectus supplement will disclose the estimated offering expenses. Our common stockholders will bear,
directly or indirectly, the expenses of any offering of our securities, including debt securities. 

(3) 
 Under our distribution reinvestment plan (the DRIP ),
the plan administrator s fees will be paid by us. There will be no brokerage charges or other charges to stockholders who participate
in the plan except that, if a participant elects by his or its written or telephonic notice to the plan administrator in advance of termination
to have the plan administrator sell part or all of his or its shares and remit the proceeds to the participant, the plan administrator
is authorized to deduct a 15 transaction fee plus brokerage commission from the proceeds. The expenses of our DRIP are included in Other
Expenses. 

(4) 
 The total stockholder transaction expenses may include sales
load and will be disclosed in a future prospectus or prospectus supplement, if any. 

(5) 
 Operating expenses in this table represent estimated annual
operating expenses based upon the actual annual operating expenses of SuRo Capital Corp. and its consolidated subsidiaries for the year
ended December 31, 2022. We do not have an investment adviser and are internally managed by our executive officers under the supervision
of our Board of Directors. As a result, we do not pay investment advisory fees, but instead we pay the operating costs associated with
employing investment management professionals including, without limitation, compensation expenses related to salaries, discretionary
bonuses and restricted stock grants. 

(6) 
 We are exposed to the risks of leverage, which may be considered
a speculative investment technique. The use of leverage magnifies the potential for gain and loss on amounts invested and, therefore,
increases the risks associated with an investment in us. Interest payments on borrowed funds represents our estimated annual interest
payments based on actual interest rate terms under our outstanding 6.00 Notes due 2026 as of December 31, 2022. 

(7) 
 Other expenses, which we calculate to equal approximately
 1.6 million, are estimated based upon actual Other expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

(8) 
 Net assets attributable to common stock, which
we calculate to equal approximately 210.0 million, reflect our net assets for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Example 

The
following example demonstrates the projected dollar amount of total cumulative expenses that would be incurred over various periods with
respect to a hypothetical investment in our common stock. In calculating the following expense amounts, we have assumed that our annual
operating expenses would remain at the levels set forth in the table above. See footnote 6 above for additional information regarding
certain assumptions regarding our level of leverage. 

1
 Year 
 3
 Years 
 5
 Years 
 10
 Years 
 
 You
 would pay the following expenses on a 1,000 investment, assuming a 5 annual return 
 85 
 246 
 376 
 635 

The
example and the expenses in the tables above should not be considered a representation of our future expenses, and actual expenses may
be greater or less than those shown. While the example assumes, as required by the SEC, a 5.0 annual return, our performance will vary
and may result in a return greater or less than 5.0 . In addition, while the example assumes reinvestment of all dividends at net asset
value participants in our DRIP will receive a number of shares of our common stock, determined by dividing the total dollar amount of
the dividend payable to a participant by the market price per share of our common stock at the close of trading on the dividend payment
date, which may be at, above or below net asset value. See Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters
and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities - Distributions for additional information regarding our DRIP. 

Item
6. [Reserved] 

55 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Forward-Looking
Statements 

This
annual report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking
statements are not historical facts, but rather are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about us, our current and
prospective portfolio investments, our industry, our beliefs, and our assumptions. Words such as anticipates, expects, 
 intends, plans, will, may, continue, believes, seeks, 
 estimates, would, could, should, targets, projects, 
and variations of these words and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. 

The
forward-looking statements contained in this annual report on Form 10-K involve risks and uncertainties, including, without limitation,
statements as to: 

the
 effect and consequences of the novel coronavirus COVID-19 public health crisis on matters including global, U.S.
 and local economies, our business operations and continuity, potential disruption to our portfolio companies, tightened availability
 to capital and financing, the health and productivity of our employees, the ability of third-party providers to continue uninterrupted
 service, and the regulatory environment in which we operate; 

our
 future operating results; 

our
 business prospects and the prospects of our portfolio companies; 

the
 impact of investments that we expect to make; 

our
 contractual arrangements and relationships with third parties; 

the
 dependence of our future success on the general economy and its impact on the industries in which we invest; 

the
 ability of our portfolio companies to achieve their objectives; 

our
 expected financings and investments; 

the
 adequacy of our cash resources and working capital; and 

the
 timing of cash flows, if any, from the operations of our portfolio companies. 

These
statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks, uncertainties, and other factors, some of which are beyond
our control and difficult to predict and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or forecasted in the forward-looking
statements, including without limitation: 

an
 economic downturn could impair our portfolio companies ability to continue to operate, which could lead to the loss of some
 or all of our investments in such portfolio companies; 

an
 economic downturn could disproportionately impact the market sectors in which a significant portion of our portfolio is concentrated,
 causing us to suffer losses in our portfolio; 

a
 contraction of available credit and/or an inability to access the equity markets could impair our investment activities; 

increases
 in inflation or an inflationary economic environment could adversely affect our portfolio companies operating results, causing
 us to suffer losses in our portfolio; 

interest
 rate volatility could adversely affect our results, particularly because we use leverage as part of our investment strategy; and 

the
 risks, uncertainties and other factors we identify in the sections entitled Risk Factors in our quarterly reports on
 Form 10-Q, our annual report on Form 10-K, and in our other filings with the SEC. 

56 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Although
we believe that the assumptions on which these forward-looking statements are based are reasonable, any of those assumptions could prove
to be inaccurate, and as a result, the forward-looking statements based on those assumptions also could be inaccurate. Important assumptions
include our ability to originate new investments, certain margins and levels of profitability and the availability of additional capital.
In light of these and other uncertainties, the inclusion of a projection or forward-looking statement in this annual report on Form 10-K
should not be regarded as a representation by us that our plans and objectives will be achieved. These risks and uncertainties include
those described or identified in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and our annual report on Form 10-K, in the Risk Factors 
sections. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which apply only as of the date of this annual report
on Form 10-K. The following analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated
financial statements and the related notes thereto contained elsewhere in this annual report on Form 10-K. 

Overview 

We
are an internally-managed, non-diversified closed-end management investment company that has elected to be regulated as a business development
company BDC under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act ), and has elected to be
treated, and intends to qualify annually, as a regulated investment company RIC under Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue
Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ). 

Our
investment objective is to maximize our portfolio s total return, principally by seeking capital gains on our equity and equity-related
investments, and to a lesser extent, income from debt investments. We invest principally in the equity securities of what we believe
to be rapidly growing venture-capital-backed emerging companies. We acquire our investments through direct investments in prospective
portfolio companies, secondary marketplaces for private companies and negotiations with selling stockholders. In addition, we may invest
in private credit and in the founders equity, founders warrants, forward purchase agreements, and private investment in public equity PIPE transactions of special purpose acquisition companies SPACs ). We may also invest on an opportunistic
basis in select publicly traded equity securities or certain non-U.S. companies that otherwise meet our investment criteria, subject
to applicable requirements of the 1940 Act. To the extent we make investments in private equity funds and hedge funds that are excluded
from the definition of investment company under the 1940 Act by Section 3(c)(1) or 3(c)(7) of the 1940 Act, we will limit
such investments to no more than 15 of our net assets. 

In
regard to the regulatory requirements for BDCs under the 1940 Act, some of these investments may not qualify as investments in eligible
portfolio companies, and thus may not be considered qualifying assets. Eligible portfolio companies 
generally include U.S. companies that are not investment companies and that do not have securities listed on a national exchange. If
at any time less than 70 of our gross assets are comprised of qualifying assets, including as a result of an increase in the value of
any non-qualifying assets or decrease in the value of any qualifying assets, we would generally not be permitted to acquire any additional
non-qualifying assets until such time as 70 of our then-current gross assets were comprised of qualifying assets. We would not be required,
however, to dispose of any non-qualifying assets in such circumstances. 

Our
investment philosophy is based on a disciplined approach of identifying promising investments in high-growth, venture-backed companies
across several key industry themes which may include, among others, social/mobile, cloud computing and big data, internet commerce, financial
technology, mobility, and enterprise software. Our investment decisions are based on a disciplined analysis of available information
regarding each potential portfolio company s business operations, focusing on the portfolio company s growth potential, the
quality of recurring revenues, and path to profitability, as well as an understanding of key market fundamentals. Venture capital funds
or other institutional investors have invested in the vast majority of companies that we evaluate. 

We
seek to deploy capital primarily in the form of non-controlling equity and equity-related investments, including common stock, warrants,
preferred stock and similar forms of senior equity, which may or may not be convertible into a portfolio company s common equity,
and convertible debt securities with a significant equity component. Typically, our preferred stock investments are non-income producing,
have different voting rights than our common stock investments and are generally convertible into common stock at our discretion. As
our investment strategy is primarily focused on equity positions, our investments generally do not produce current income and therefore
we may be dependent on future capital raising to meet our operating needs if no other source of liquidity is available. 

We
seek to create a low-turnover portfolio that includes investments in companies representing a broad range of investment themes. 

57 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Our History 

We formed in 2010 as a
Maryland corporation and operate as an internally managed, non-diversified closed-end management investment company. Our investment
activities are supervised by our Board of Directors and managed by our executive officers and investments professionals, all of
which are our employees. 

Our date of inception was January 6, 2011, which is the date we commenced
development stage activities. We commenced operations as a BDC upon completion of our IPO in May 2011 and began our investment operations
during the second quarter of 2011. 

On and effective June 22, 2020, we changed our name to SuRo Capital Corp. from Sutter Rock Capital
Corp. 

On and effective March 12, 2019, our Board of Directors approved our Internalization,
and we began operating as an internally-managed non-diversified closed-end management investment company that has elected to be regulated
as a BDC under the 1940 Act. Our Board of Directors approved the Internalization in order to better align the interests of our stockholders
with its management. As an internally managed BDC, we are managed by our employees, rather than the employees of an external investment
adviser, thereby allowing for greater transparency to stockholders through robust disclosure regarding our compensation structure. 

As a result, we no longer pay any fees or expenses under an investment
advisory agreement or administration agreement, and instead pay the operating costs associated with employing investment management professionals
including, without limitation, compensation expenses related to salaries, discretionary bonuses and restricted stock grants. 

Except as otherwise disclosed herein, this Form 10-K discusses our business
and operations as an internally-managed BDC during the period covered by this Form 10-K. 

58 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Portfolio
and Investment Activity 

Year
Ended December 31, 2022 

The
value of our investment portfolio will change over time due to changes in the fair value of our underlying investments, as well as changes
in the composition of our portfolio resulting from purchases of new and follow-on investments and the sales of existing investments.
The fair value, as of December 31, 2022, of all of our portfolio investments, excluding U.S. Treasury bills, was 157,188,578. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, we funded investments in an aggregate amount of 23,665,080 (not including capitalized transaction
costs or investments in short-term U.S. Treasury investments) as shown in the following table: 

Portfolio Company 
 Investment 
 Transaction Date 
 Gross Payments 
 
 Shogun Enterprises, Inc. (d/b/a Hearth) 
 Convertible Note 0.5 , Due 4/18/2024 
 5/2/2022 
 500,000 
 
 EDGE Markets, Inc. 
 Preferred shares, Series Seed 
 5/18/2022 
 500,000 
 
 Whoop, Inc. 
 Preferred shares, Series C 
 6/30/2022 
 10,000,000 
 
 Xgroup Holdings Limited (d/b/a Xpoint) 
 Convertible Note 6 , Due 8/17/2023 
 8/17/2022 
 1,000,000 
 
 Orchard Technologies, Inc. 
 Simple Agreement for Future Equity (SAFE) 
 9/2/2022 
 500,000 
 
 Forge Global, Inc. (1) 
 Common shares 
 9/30/2022 
 915,076 
 
 YouBet Technology, Inc. (d/b/a FanPower) 
 Preferred shares, Series Seed-2 
 11/17/2022 
 249,999 
 
 Locus Robotics Corp. 
 Preferred shares, Series F 
 11/30/2022 
 10,000,005 
 
 Total 

23,665,080 

(1) 
 On and effective August 5, 2022, SuRo Capital Corp. notified
Forge Global, Inc. of its intent to net exercise via cashless settlement its 230,144 common warrants in Forge Global, Inc. into 53,283
shares of Forge Global Inc. s public common stock, pursuant to the net exercise formula in the warrant agreement. The exercise
was effectuated on September 30, 2022. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, we capitalized fees of 33,384. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, we exited or received proceeds from investments in the amount of 9,063,919, net of transaction costs,
and realized a net gain/(loss) on investments of (5,905,453) (including adjustments to amounts held in escrow receivable) as shown in
following table: 

Portfolio Company 
 Transaction Date 
 Shares 
 Average Net Share Price (1) 
 Net Proceeds 
 Realized Gain/(Loss) (2) 
 
 NewLake Capital Partners, Inc. (f/k/a GreenAcreage Real Estate Corp.) (3) 
 Various 
 48,713 
 23.50 
 1,144,774 
 170,103 
 
 Rover Group, Inc. (4) 
 Various 
 838,381 
 4.93 
 4,131,112 
 1,624,993 
 
 Rent the Runway, Inc. (5) 
 Various 
 260,000 
 3.56 
 925,289 
 (3,025,364 
 
 Residential Homes for Rent, LLC (d/b/a Second Avenue) (6) 
 Various 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 1,000,000 

True Global Ventures 4 Plus Pte Ltd (7) 
 5/31/2022 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 874,470 
 160,965 
 
 Palantir Lending Trust SPV I (8) 
 7/14/2022 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 611,930 
 610,790 
 
 Enjoy Technology, Inc. (9) 
 Various 
 947,297 
 0.26 
 246,134 
 (5,280,642 
 
 Kahoot! ASA (10) 
 10/19/2022 
 61,367 
 2.12 
 130,210 
 (151,861 
 
 Total 

9,063,919 
 (5,891,016 

(1) 
 The average net share price is the net share price realized
after deducting all commissions and fees on the sale(s), if applicable. 

(2) 
 Realized gain/(loss) does not include adjustments to amounts
held in escrow receivable. 

(3) 
 As of December 31, 2022, SuRo Capital Corp. held 229,758 remaining
NewLake Capital Partners, Inc. public common shares. 

(4) 
 As of October 11, 2022, SuRo Capital Corp. had sold all its
public common shares of Rover Group, Inc. 

(5) 
 As of December 31, 2022, SuRo Capital Corp. held 79,191 remaining
Rent the Runway, Inc. public common shares. 

(6) 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, approximately 1.2
million has been received from Residential Homes for Rent, LLC (d/b/a Second Avenue) related to the 15 term loan due December 23, 2023.
Of the proceeds received, approximately 1.0 million repaid a portion of the outstanding principal and the remaining was attributed to
interest. 

(7) 
 On May 31, 2022, SuRo Capital
Corp. received an 874,470 cash distribution from True Global Ventures 4 Plus Pte Ltd. 

(8) 
 On July 14, 2022, a final payment was received for the remaining
512,290 Class A common shares of Palantir Technologies, Inc. that comprised the beneficial equity interest in underlying shares. The
realized gain from SuRo Capital Corp. s investment in Palantir Lending Trust SPV I is generated by the proceeds from the sale of
shares collateralizing the repaid promissory note to Palantir Lending Trust SPV I and attributable to the Equity Participation in Underlying
Collateral. 

(9) 
 As of August 12, 2022, SuRo Capital Corp. had sold all its
public common shares of Enjoy Technology, Inc. 

(10) 
 As of December 31, 2022, SuRo Capital Corp. held 38,305 remaining
Kahoot! ASA public common shares. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, we did not write-off any investments and our OneValley, Inc. (f/k/a NestGSV, Inc.) Series B preferred
warrants with a strike price of 2.31 expired on May 29, 2022. 

59 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Year
Ended December 31, 2021 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, we funded investments in an aggregate amount of 81,668,146 (not including capitalized transaction
costs) as shown in the following table: 

Portfolio Company 
 Investment 
 Transaction Date 
 Gross Payments 
 
 NewLake Capital Partners, Inc. (f/k/a GreenAcreage Real Estate Corp.) 
 Common shares 
 2/12/2021 
 499,986 
 
 Churchill Sponsor VI LLC (1) 
 Common share units Warrant units 
 2/25/2021 
 200,000 
 
 Churchill Sponsor VII LLC (2) 
 Common share units Warrant units 
 2/25/2021 
 300,000 
 
 Shogun Enterprises, Inc. (3) 
 Preferred shares, Series B-1 Series B-2 
 2/26/2021 
 6,999,992 
 
 Commercial Streaming Solutions Inc. (d/b/a BettorView) 
 Simple Agreement for Future Equity SAFE 
 3/26/2021 
 1,000,000 
 
 Churchill Capital Corp. II (4) 
 Common shares, Class A 
 6/8/2021 
 10,000,000 
 
 Trax Ltd. 
 Common shares Investec Preferred shares 
 6/9/2021 
 10,000,000 
 
 Blink Health, Inc. 
 Preferred shares, Series C 
 6/28/2021 
 4,999,987 
 
 Colombier Sponsor LLC (5) 
 Class B Units Class W Units 
 Various 
 2,711,842 
 
 AltC Sponsor LLC (6) 
 Share units 
 7/21/2021 
 250,000 
 
 PayJoy, Inc. 
 Preferred shares 
 7/23/2021 
 2,500,002 
 
 Orchard Technologies, Inc. 
 Preferred shares, Series D 
 8/9/2021 
 9,999,996 
 
 Varo Money, Inc. 
 Common shares 
 8/11/2021 
 10,000,371 
 
 YouBet Technology, Inc. (d/b/a PickUp) 
 Preferred shares, Series Seed-2 
 8/26/2021 
 499,999 
 
 True Global Ventures 4 Plus Pte Ltd (7) 
 Limited Partner Fund Investment 
 8/27/2021 
 706,000 
 
 Architect Capital PayJoy SPV, LLC (8) 
 Membership Interest in Lending SPV 
 Various 
 10,000,000 
 
 Rebric, Inc. (d/b/a Compliable) 
 Preferred shares, Series Seed-4 
 10/12/2021 
 1,000,000 
 
 Course Hero, Inc. 
 Preferred shares, Series C 
 11/5/2021 
 9,999,971 
 
 Total 

81,668,146 

(1) 
 Churchill Sponsor VI LLC is the sponsor of Churchill Capital
Corp VI, a special purpose acquisition company formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition,
stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses. Our investment in Churchill Sponsor VI LLC
constituted a remote-affiliate transaction for purposes of the 1940 Act in light of the fact that Mark Klein, our Chairman,
CEO and President, has a non-controlling interest in the entity that controls Churchill Sponsor VI LLC, and is a non-controlling board
member of Churchill Capital Corp VI. 

(2) 
 Churchill Sponsor VII LLC is the sponsor of Churchill Capital
Corp VII, a special purpose acquisition company formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition,
stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses. Our investment in Churchill Sponsor VII LLC
constituted a remote-affiliate transaction for purposes of the 1940 Act in light of the fact that Mark Klein, our Chairman,
CEO and President, has a non-controlling interest in the entity that controls Churchill Sponsor VII LLC, and is a non-controlling board
member of Churchill Capital Corp VII. 

(3) 
 The Company s initial investment in Shogun Enterprises,
Inc. on February 26, 2021 constituted a remote-affiliate transaction for purposes of the 1940 Act in light of the fact
that Keri Findley, a former senior managing director of the Company until her departure on March 9, 2022, is a non-controlling member
of the board of directors of Shogun Enterprises, Inc., and holds a minority equity interest in such portfolio company. 

(4) 
 On June 11, 2021, Churchill Capital Corp. II, a special purpose
acquisition company, executed a private investment in public equity transaction in order to acquire shares of Software Luxembourg Holding
S.A. alongside the merger of Software Luxembourg Holding S.A. and Churchill Capital Corp. II. Following the merger, Software Luxembourg
Holding S.A. changed its name to Skillsoft Corp. This investment constituted a remote-affiliate transaction for purposes
of the 1940 Act in light of the fact that Mark Klein, our Chairman, CEO and President, has a non-controlling interest in the entity that
controls Churchill Sponsor II LLC, the sponsor of Churchill Capital Corp II, and is a non-controlling board member of Churchill Capital
Corp II. 

(5) 
 Colombier Sponsor LLC is the sponsor of Colombier Acquisition
Corp., a special purpose acquisition company formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition,
stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses. Keri Findley, a former senior managing director
of the Company until her departure on March 9, 2022, and Claire Councill, a former investment professional of the Company until her departure
on April 15, 2022, are non-controlling members of the board of directors of Colombier Acquisition Corp., a special purpose acquisition
company, which is sponsored by Colombier Sponsor LLC, one of the Company s portfolio companies. 

(6) 
 AltC Sponsor LLC is the sponsor of AltC Acquisition Corp.,
a special purpose acquisition company formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock
purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses. The Company s investment in AltC Sponsor
LLC constituted a remote-affiliate transaction for purposes of the 1940 Act in light of the fact that Mark D. Klein, the
Company s Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President, has a non-controlling interest in one of the entities that controls
AltC Sponsor LLC, and Allison Green, the Company s Chief Financial Officer, Chief Compliance Officer, Treasurer and Secretary,
is a non-controlling member of the board of directors of AltC Acquisition Corp. 

(7) 
 As of December 31, 2021, 0.7 million of a 2.0 million capital
commitment to True Global Ventures 4 Plus Fund LP had been called and funded. 

(8) 
 As of December 31, 2021, the total 10.0 million capital commitment
representing SuRo Capital Corp. s Membership Interest in Architect Capital PayJoy SPV, LLC had been called and funded. 

60 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, we capitalized fees of 47,893. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, we exited or received proceeds from investments in an amount of 259,698,537, net of transaction costs,
and realized a net gain on investments of 218,735,504 (including adjustments to amounts held in escrow receivable) as shown in following
table: 

Portfolio Company 
 Transaction Date 
 Shares 
 Average Net Share Price (1) 
 Net Proceeds 
 Realized Gain (2) 
 
 Palantir Technologies, Inc. (3) 
 Various 
 4,618,952 
 26.72 
 123,419,184 
 110,544,068 
 
 Palantir Lending Trust SPV I (4) 
 Various 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 2,172,637 
 2,172,637 
 
 Residential Homes for Rent, LLC (d/b/a Second Avenue) (5) 
 Various 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 1,386,457 

SP Holdings Group, Inc. 
 4/28/2021 
 2,542,587 
 0.19 
 490,246 
 490,246 
 
 CUX, Inc. (d/b/a CorpU) (6) 
 8/24/2021 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 6,009,092 
 1,968,218 
 
 Clever, Inc. (7) 
 9/3/2021 
 1,799,047 
 1.67 
 3,011,486 
 1,010,886 
 
 Skillsoft Corp. 
 Various 
 18,157 
 12.63 
 229,269 
 47,699 
 
 Coursera, Inc. (8) 
 Various 
 3,128,361 
 36.86 
 115,325,000 
 97,965,464 
 
 Tynker (f/k/a Neuron Fuel, Inc.) (9) 
 12/6/2021 
 534,162 
 5.44 
 2,907,951 
 2,598,640 
 
 NewLake Capital Partners, Inc. (f/k/a GreenAcreage Real Estate Corp.) 
 Various 
 167,755 
 28.30 
 4,747,215 
 1,390,636 
 
 Total 

259,698,537 
 218,188,494 

(1) 
 The average net share price is the net share price realized
after deducting all commissions and fees on the sale(s), if applicable. 

(2) 
 Realized gain does not include adjustments to amounts held
in escrow receivable. 

(3) 
 As of March 4, 2021, all remaining shares of Palantir Technologies,
Inc. held by us had been sold. 

(4) 
 The Palantir Lending Trust SPV I promissory note was initially
collateralized with 2,260,000 Class A common shares of Palantir Technologies, Inc. to which SuRo Capital Corp. retains a beneficial equity
upside interest. As of December 31, 2021, 512,290 Class A common shares remain in Palantir Lending Trust SPV I, none of which are subject
to lock-up restrictions. The realized gain from SuRo Capital Corp. s investment in Palantir Lending Trust SPV I is generated by
the proceeds from the sale of a portion of the shares collateralizing the promissory note to Palantir Lending Trust SPV I and attributable
to the Equity Participation in Underlying Collateral. 

(5) 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, approximately 1.4
million has been received from Residential Homes for Rent, LLC (d/b/a Second Avenue) related to the 15 term loan due December 23, 2023.
Of the proceeds received, approximately 1.0 million repaid a portion of the outstanding principal and approximately 0.4 million was
attributed to interest. 

(6) 
 As of December 31, 2021, net proceeds includes approximately
 0.3 million in additional proceeds currently held in escrow. 

(7) 
 On September 3, 2021, Clever, Inc. completed its sale to Kahoot!
ASA. In connection with this transaction, SuRo Capital Corp. received 86,800 common shares in Kahoot! ASA in addition to cash proceeds
and amounts currently held in escrow. SuRo Capital Corp. is also eligible to receive cash and Kahoot! ASA common shares subject to certain
earn-out provisions and contingencies. As of December 31, 2021, SuRo Capital Corp. s common shares in Kahoot! ASA were subject
to certain lock-up restrictions. 

(8) 
 As of November 4, 2021, all remaining shares of Coursera, Inc.
held by us had been sold. 

(9) 
 As of December 31, 2021, net proceeds includes approximately
 0.4 million in additional proceeds currently held in escrow. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, we realized a net investment loss of 0.1 million due to the expiration of our OneValley, Inc.
(f/k/a NestGSV, Inc.) Series A-4 preferred warrants with a strike price of 1.33 on July 18, 2021, and our OneValley, Inc.
(f/k/a NestGSV, Inc.) Series B preferred warrants with a strike price of 2.31 on November 29, 2021. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, we did not write-off any investments and our OneValley, Inc. (f/k/a NestGSV, Inc.) Series A-3
preferred warrants with a strike price of 1.33 expired on April 4, 2021, and our OneValley, Inc. (f/k/a NestGSV, Inc.)
Series A-4 preferred warrants with a strike price of 1.33 expired on October 6, 2021. 

Year
Ended December 31, 2020 

During
the year ended December 31, 2020, we funded investments in an aggregate amount of 31,242,228 (not including capitalized transaction
costs) as shown in the following table: 

Portfolio Company 
 Investment 
 Transaction Date 
 Gross Payments 
 
 Neutron Holdings, Inc. (d/b/a Lime) 
 Junior Preferred Convertible Note 4 Due 5/11/2027 
 5/11/2020 
 506,339 
 
 Rent the Runway, Inc. 
 Preferred Shares, Series G 
 6/17/2020 
 5,000,001 
 
 Palantir Lending Trust SPV I 
 Collateralized Loan 15 Due 6/19/2022 
 6/19/2020 
 6,870,000 
 
 Coursera, Inc. 
 Preferred Shares, Series F 
 7/15/2020 
 2,838,354 
 
 Blink Health, Inc. 
 Preferred Shares, Series A 
 10/27/2020 
 4,999,995 
 
 Blink Health, Inc. 
 Preferred Shares, Series C 
 10/27/2020 
 4,999,987 
 
 Enjoy Technology, Inc. 
 Convertible Note 14 Due 1/30/2024 
 11/30/2020 
 521,112 
 
 GreenAcreage Real Estate Corp. 
 Common Shares 
 12/17/2020 
 503,220 
 
 GreenAcreage Real Estate Corp. 
 Common Shares 
 12/29/2020 
 503,220 
 
 Residential Homes for Rent, LLC (d/b/a Second Avenue) 
 Term Loan 15 Due 12/23/2023 
 12/23/2020 
 3,000,000 
 
 Residential Homes for Rent, LLC (d/b/a Second Avenue) 
 Preferred Shares, Series A 
 12/23/2020 
 1,500,000 
 
 Total 

31,242,228 

During
the year ended December 31, 2020, we capitalized fees of 190,799. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2020, we exited investments in an amount of 31,245,944, net of transaction costs, and realized a net gain
on investments of 16,441,223 (including U.S. Treasury investments and adjustments to amounts held in escrow receivable) as shown in
following table: 

Portfolio Company 
 Net Proceeds 
 Realized Gain/(Loss) (1) 
 
 Parchment, Inc. (2) 
 10,876,621 
 6,785,364 
 
 4C Insights (f/k/a The Echo Systems Corp.) (3) 
 807,952 
 (628,452 
 
 Palantir Technologies, Inc. (4) 
 11,671,878 
 8,357,068 
 
 Palantir Lending Trust SPV I (5) 
 7,889,493 
 988,892 (6) 
 
 Total 
 31,245,944 
 15,502,872 

(1) Realized
 gain/(loss) does not include amounts held in escrow receivable or any realized gain/(loss)
 incurred on the maturity of our U.S. Treasury investments. 
 
 (2) On
 January 31, 2020, Parchment, Inc. closed a merger with Credentials Solutions. As a result
 of the transaction, we received 10,876,621 in net proceeds. As of December 31, 2020, we
 received all escrow proceeds of 90,275. 
 
 (3) On
 July 29, 2020, SuRo Capital Corp. exited its investment in 4C Insights (f/k/a The Echo Systems
 Corp.). In connection with this exit, SuRo Capital Corp. received 112,374 Class A common
 shares in Kinetiq Holdings, LLC in addition to cash proceeds and amounts currently held in
 escrow. As of December 31, 2020, we have received 12,900 in escrow proceeds, and expect
 to receive 43,223 in additional escrow proceeds in 2021. 
 
 (4) As
 of December 31, 2020, we held 4,618,952 remaining Class A common shares of Palantir Technologies,
 Inc., all of which were subject to lock-up restrictions. 

61 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

(5) The
 Palantir Lending Trust SPV I promissory note was initially collateralized with 2,260,000
 Class A common shares of Palantir Technologies, Inc. The collateralized loan to Palantir
 Lending Trust SPV I matures on June 19, 2022 and includes a 15 interest rate. Through the
 collateralized loan, SuRo Capital Corp. participated in additional upside in a future Palantir
 Technologies, Inc. liquidity event by receiving a percentage of the share price appreciation
 as captured in the Equity Participation in Underlying Collateral security. As of December
 31, 2020, the balance of the loan and all guaranteed interest has been fully repaid, and
 SuRo Capital Corp. retains the right to upside on 1,312,290 shares as captured in the Equity
 Participation in Underlying Collateral security. The net proceeds figure does not include
 accrued guaranteed interest received of 782,125. 
 
 (6) The
 realized gain from SuRo Capital Corp. s investment in Palantir Lending Trust SPV I is generated
 by the proceeds from the sale of a portion of the shares collateralizing the promissory note
 to Palantir Lending Trust SPV I and attributable to the Equity Participation in Underlying
 Collateral. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2020, we did not write-off any investments and our CUX, Inc. (d/b/a CorpU) Series D preferred warrants with
a strike price of 4.59, expired on February 14, 2020. 

Results
of Operations 

Comparison
of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 

Operating
results for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 are as follows: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Total Investment Income 
 3,456,193 
 1,470,842 
 1,824,127 
 
 Interest income 
 2,914,954 
 897,772 
 1,006,510 
 
 Dividend income 
 541,239 
 573,070 
 817,617 
 
 Total Operating Expenses 
 18,164,201 
 11,401,661 
 16,338,543 
 
 Compensation expense 
 7,566,452 
 6,162,716 
 8,801,841 
 
 Directors fees 
 675,716 
 752,442 
 445,000 
 
 Professional fees 
 3,395,260 
 2,665,689 
 2,962,781 
 
 Interest expense 
 4,845,549 
 693,526 
 2,247,817 
 
 Income tax expense 
 82,238 
 9,347 
 43,574 
 
 Other expenses 
 1,598,986 
 1,117,941 
 1,837,530 
 
 Net Investment Loss 
 (14,708,008 
 (9,930,819 
 (14,514,416 
 
 Net realized gain/(loss) on investments 
 (5,905,453 
 218,735,504 
 16,441,223 
 
 Net change in unrealized appreciation/(depreciation) of investments 
 (111,563,592 
 (61,732,964 
 73,410,631 
 
 Net Increase/(Decrease) in Net Assets Resulting from Operations 
 (132,177,053 
 147,071,721 
 75,337,438 

Investment
Income 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 

Investment income increased to 3,456,193 for the year ended December 31,
2022 from 1,470,842 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The net increase between periods was due to increases in interest income from
U.S. Treasury Bills, Xgroup Holdings Limited (d/b/a Xpoint), Architect Capital PayJoy SPV, LLC, and Shogun Enterprises, Inc. (d/b/a Hearth)
plus an increase in dividend income from NewLake Capital Partners, Inc. (f/k/a GreenAcreage Real Estate Corp.) and interest on idle cash.
The increase was offset by a decrease in interest income from Residential Homes for Rent, LLC (d/b/a Second Avenue) and Neutron Holdings,
Inc. (d/b/a/ Lime), plus a cessation in dividend income from Treehouse Real Estate Investment Trust, Inc. during the year ended December
31, 2022, relative to the year ended December 31, 2021. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2021 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2020 

Investment
income decreased to 1,470,842 for the year ended December 31, 2021 from 1,824,127 for the year ended December 31, 2020. The net decrease
between periods was due to a decrease in dividend income from SPBRX, Inc. (f/k/a GSV Sustainability Partners, Inc.), and a decrease in
accrued interest income from Palantir Lending Trust SPV I. The decrease was offset by an increase in dividend income from Aventine Property
Group, Inc., Treehouse Real Estate Investment Trust, Inc., and NewLake Capital Partners, Inc. (f/k/a GreenAcreage Real Estate Corp.),
and interest income from the Residential Homes for Rent, LLC (d/b/a Second Avenue) term loan, Enjoy Technology, Inc. convertible promissory
note, and Architect Capital PayJoy SPV, LLC membership interest in lending SPV during the year ended December 31, 2021, relative to the
year ended December 31, 2020. 

Operating
Expenses 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 

Total operating expenses increased to 18,164,201 for the year ended December
31, 2022 from 11,401,661 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in operating expense was primarily due to an increase in
interest expense, compensation expense, and professional fees during the year ended December 31, 2022, relative to the year ended December
31, 2021. 

62 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

For
the year ended December 31, 2021 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2020 

Total
operating expenses decreased to 11,401,661 for the year ended December 31, 2021 from 16,338,543 for the year ended December 31, 2020.
The decrease in operating expense was primarily due to the decrease in the recognition of all unvested and unrecognized compensation
cost related to the stock-based compensation plan upon cancellation of all outstanding options on April 28, 2020, as well as a decrease
in interest expense, professional fees, income tax expense, and other expenses during the year ended December 31, 2021, relative to the
year ended December 31, 2020. 

Net
Investment Loss 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, we recognized a net investment loss of 14,708,008, compared to a net investment loss of 9,930,819
for the year ended December 31, 2021. The change between periods resulted from the increase in operating expenses offset by an increase
in total investment income between periods during the year ended December 31, 2022, relative to the year ended December 31, 2021. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2021 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2020 

For
the year ended December 31, 2021, we recognized net investment loss of 9,930,819, compared to net investment loss of 14,514,416 for
the year ended December 31, 2020. The change between periods resulted from the decrease in operating expenses between periods during
the year ended December 31, 2021, relative to the year ended December 31, 2020. 

Net
Realized Gain/(Loss) on Investments 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, we recognized a net realized loss on our investments of 5,905,453, compared to a net realized gain
of 218,735,504 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The components of our net realized gains on portfolio investments for the year
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, excluding U.S. Treasury investments and fluctuations in escrow receivables estimates, are reflected
in the tables above, under Portfolio and Investment Activity. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2021 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2020 

For
the year ended December 31, 2021, we recognized a net realized gain on our investments of 218,735,504, compared to a net realized gain
of 16,441,223 for the year ended December 31, 2020. The components of our net realized gains on portfolio investments for the year ended
December 31, 2021 and 2020, excluding U.S. Treasury investments, are reflected in the tables above, under Portfolio and
Investment Activity. 

63 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Net
Change in Unrealized Appreciation/(Depreciation) of Investments 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022 , we had a net change in unrealized appreciation/(depreciation) of (111,563,592). For the year ended
December 31, 2021, we had a net change in unrealized appreciation/(depreciation) of (61,732,964). For the year ended December 31, 2020,
we had a net change in unrealized appreciation/(depreciation) of 73,410,631. The following tables summarize, by portfolio company, the
significant changes in unrealized appreciation/(depreciation) of our investment portfolio for the year ended December 31, 2022, 2021,
and 2020. 

Portfolio Company 
 Net
Change in 
 Unrealized Appreciation/(Depreciation)
For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 
 True Global Ventures 4 Plus Pte Ltd (1) 
 3,106,863 
 
 Rent the Runway (1) 
 1,773,329 
 
 StormWind, LLC 
 (1,879,887 
 
 NewLake Capital Partners, Inc. (f/k/a GreenAcreage Real Estate Corp.) (1) 
 (3,331,136 
 
 Blink Health, Inc. 
 (3,365,627 
 
 Whoop, Inc. 
 (3,927,419 
 
 Neutron Holdings, Inc. (d/b/a/ Lime) 
 (3,991,353 
 
 Shogun Enterprises, Inc. (d/b/a Hearth) 
 (4,225,397 
 
 Aspiration Partners, Inc. 
 (4,514,232 
 
 Rover Group, Inc. (1) 
 (5,259,385 
 
 Varo Money, Inc. 
 (7,254,893 
 
 Trax Ltd. 
 (7,442,485 
 
 Skillsoft Corp. 
 (7,707,467 
 
 Nextdoor Holdings, Inc. 
 (8,726,545 
 
 Forge Global, Inc. 
 (17,594,073 
 
 Learneo, Inc. (f/k/a Course Hero, Inc.) 
 (37,290,369 
 
 Other (2) 
 66,484 
 
 Total 
 (111,563,592 

(1) 
 The change in unrealized appreciation/(depreciation) reflected
for these investments resulted in full or in part from the full or partial exit of the investment, which resulted in the reversal of
previously accrued unrealized appreciation/(depreciation), as applicable. 

(2) 
 Other represents investments, including U.S.
Treasury bills, for which individual changes in unrealized appreciation/(depreciation) was less than 1.0 million for the year ended
December 31, 2022. 

64 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Portfolio Company 
 Net Change in Unrealized Appreciation/(Depreciation) For the Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 Portfolio Company 
 Net Change in Unrealized Appreciation/(Depreciation) For the Year Ended December 31, 2020 
 
 Course Hero, Inc. 
 42,752,699 
 Palantir Technologies, Inc. (1) 
 66,368,123 
 
 Forge Global, Inc. 
 10,976,202 
 Coursera, Inc. 
 16,772,218 
 
 Aspiration Partners, Inc. 
 7,597,596 
 Course Hero, Inc. 
 9,405,053 
 
 Rover Group, Inc. 
 6,290,626 
 Forge Global, Inc. (1) 
 7,513,356 
 
 StormWind, LLC 
 3,872,381 
 Palantir Lending Trust SPV I (1) 
 2,550,762 
 
 CUX, Inc. (d/b/a CorpU) (1) 
 3,654,203 
 Nextdoor Holdings, Inc. 
 1,968,755 
 
 NewLake Capital Partners, Inc. (f/k/a GreenAcreage Real Estate Corp.) (1) 
 1,905,116 
 4C Insights (f/k/a The Echo Systems Corp.) (1) 
 1,414,905 
 
 Varo Money, Inc. 
 (1,463,873 
 Aspiration Partners, Inc. 
 (1,334,698 
 
 Palantir Lending Trust SPV I 
 (1,620,240 
 StormWind, LLC 
 (1,342,526 
 
 Enjoy Technology, Inc. 
 (2,514,243 
 NestGSV, Inc. (d/b/a GSV Labs, Inc.) 
 (2,326,760 
 
 Rent the Runway, Inc. 
 (2,581,146 
 Treehouse Real Estate Investment Trust, Inc. 
 (4,063,112 
 
 Ozy Media, Inc. 
 (10,098,381 
 SharesPost, Inc. (1) 
 (4,693,514 
 
 Coursera, Inc. (1) 
 (35,822,601 
 Ozy Media, Inc. 
 (5,585,800 
 
 Palantir Technologies, Inc. (1) 
 (81,760,272 
 Neutron Holdings, Inc. (d/b/a/ Lime) 
 (6,515,508 
 
 Other (2) 
 (2,921,031 
 Parchment, Inc. (1) 
 (6,895,603 

Other (2) 
 174,980 

Total 
 (61,732,964 
 Total 
 73,410,631 

(1) 
 The change in unrealized appreciation/(depreciation) reflected
for these investments resulted from the full or partial exit of the investment, which resulted in the reversal of previously accrued
unrealized appreciation/(depreciation), as applicable. 

(2) 
 Other represents investments (including U.S.
Treasury bills) for which individual change in unrealized appreciation/(depreciation) was less than 1.0 million for the year ended December
31, 2021 and 2020. 

Recent
Developments 

Portfolio
Activity 

Please
refer to Note 12 Subsequent Events to our consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2022 for details regarding
activity in our investment portfolio from January 1, 2023 through March 15, 2023. 

We
are frequently in negotiations with various private companies with respect to investments in such companies. Investments in private companies
are generally subject to satisfaction of applicable closing conditions. In the case of secondary market transactions, such closing conditions
may include approval of the issuer, waiver or failure to exercise rights of first refusal by the issuer and/or its stockholders and termination
rights by the seller or us. Equity investments made through the secondary market may involve making deposits in escrow accounts until
the applicable closing conditions are satisfied, at which time the escrow accounts will close and such equity investments will be effectuated. 

65 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Notice of Terminating
Custody Agreements 

On March 10, 2023, the
Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (the Securities Custodian and U.S. Bank National
Association (the Document Custodian and, together with the Custodian, the U.S. Bank Entities agreed to terminate,
effective as of May 9, 2023 or such later date as the parties mutually agree, the Custody Agreement, dated as of October 28, 2022, between
the Company and the Custodian (the Securities Custody Agreement ), and the Document Custody Agreement, dated as of October
28, 2022, between the Company and the Document Custodian (the Document Custody Agreement and, together with the Securities
Custody Agreement, the Custody Agreements ). We have commenced a transition process with the U.S. Bank Entities, and we are
currently in discussions with a number of reputable qualified custodians that we expect will be able to fulfill the Company s needs
in providing the custodial services currently provided by the U.S. Bank Entities without disruption. The termination of the Custody Agreements
followed a determination by the parties that the arrangements set forth by the Custody Agreements were no longer mutually beneficial.
We do not believe that such termination will have a material adverse impact on our operations or financial condition. See Item
9B. Other Information of this Form 10-K for additional information. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Our
liquidity and capital resources are generated primarily from the sales of our investments and the net proceeds from public offerings
of our equity and debt securities, including pursuant to our continuous at-the-market offering of shares of our common stock as discussed
below under At-the-Market Offering . In addition, on March 28, 2018, we issued 40.0 million aggregate principal amount
of 4.75 Convertible Senior Notes due 2023, the outstanding principal amount of which we redeemed in full on March 29, 2021. On December
17, 2021, we issued 75.0 million aggregate principal amount of 6.00 Notes due 2026, all of which remain outstanding. For additional
information, see below and Note 10 Debt Capital Activities to our consolidated financial statements as of December
31, 2022. 

Our
primary uses of cash are to make investments, pay our operating expenses, and make distributions to our stockholders. For the year ended
December 31, 2022, our operating expenses were 18,164,201. For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, our operating expenses were
 11,401,661 and 16,338,543, respectively. 

Cash Reserves and Liquid Securities 
 December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 December 31, 2020 
 
 Cash 
 40,117,598 
 198,437,078 
 45,793,724 
 
 Cash Equivalents: 

U.S. Treasury bills (3) 
 85,056,817 

Securities of publicly traded portfolio companies: 

Unrestricted securities (1) 
 13,298,992 
 16,970,411 

Subject to other sales restrictions (2) 
 24,493 
 27,602,814 
 94,635,398 
 
 Securities of publicly traded portfolio companies 
 13,323,485 
 44,573,225 
 94,635,398 
 
 Total Cash Reserves and Liquid Securities 
 138,497,900 
 243,010,303 
 140,429,122 

(1) 
 Unrestricted securities represents common stock
of our publicly traded companies that are not subject to any restrictions upon sale. We may incur losses if we liquidate these positions
to pay operating expenses or fund new investments. 

(2) 
 Securities of publicly traded portfolio companies subject
to other sales restrictions represents common stock and options of our publicly traded companies that are subject to certain lock-up
restrictions. 
 
 (3) 
 Consists of short-term U.S. Treasury bills 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, cash decreased to 40,117,598 from 198,437,078 at the beginning of the year. The decrease in cash
was primarily due to the purchase of new investments including U.S. Treasury bills, the payment of our dividends, the Modified Dutch
Auction Tender Offer and share repurchases under the Share Repurchase Program, interest on the 6.00 Notes due 2026, and to pay our
operating expenses offset by proceeds from the sale of public investments and other investment income received. 

66 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Currently, we believe we have ample liquidity to support our near-term
capital requirements. Consistent with past and current practices, we will continue to evaluate our overall liquidity position and take
proactive steps to maintain the appropriate liquidity position based upon the current circumstances. 

Contractual
Obligations 

A
summary of our significant contractual payment obligations as of December 31, 2022 is as follows: 

Payments Due By Period (in millions) 

Total 
 Less than 1 year 
 1 3 years 
 3 5 years 
 More than 5 years 
 
 Notes (1) 
 75.0 

75.0 

Operating lease liability 
 0.3 
 0.2 
 0.1 

Total 
 75.3 
 0.2 
 0.1 
 75.0 

(1) 
 The balance shown for the Notes reflects the
principal balance payable to investors for the 6.00 Notes due 2026 as of December 31, 2022. Refer to Note 10 Debt Capital
Activities in our consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2022 for more information. 

Share
Repurchase Program 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company repurchased 1,008,676 shares of the Company s common stock under the Share Repurchase
Program. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company did not repurchase any shares of common stock under the Share Repurchase
Program. As of December 31, 2022, the dollar value of shares that remained available to be purchased by the Company under the Share Repurchase
Program was approximately 16.4 million. 

Under the Share Repurchase Program, we may repurchase our outstanding common
stock in the open market provided that we comply with the prohibitions under our insider trading policies and procedures and the applicable
provisions of the 1940 Act and the Exchange Act. For more information on the Share Repurchase Program, see Part II, Item 5. Market
for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Issuer Repurchases
of Equity Securities and Note 5 Common Stock to our consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2022. 

Modified
Dutch Auction Tender Offer 

On
August 8, 2022, the Company commenced a modified Dutch Auction tender offer (the Modified Dutch Auction Tender Offer to purchase up to 2,000,000 shares of its common stock from its stockholders, which expired on September 2, 2022. In accordance with
the terms of the Modified Dutch Auction Tender Offer, the Company selected the lowest price per share of not less than 6.00 per share
and not greater than 7.00 per share. 

Pursuant
to the Modified Dutch Auction Tender Offer, the Company repurchased 2,000,000 shares, representing 6.6 of its then outstanding
shares, on or about September 12, 2022 at a price of 6.60 per share. The Company used available cash to fund the purchases of its
shares of common stock in the Modified Dutch Auction Tender Offer and to pay for all related fees and expenses. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had no off-balance sheet arrangements, including any risk management of commodity pricing or other hedging practices.
However, we may employ hedging and other risk management techniques in the future. 

Equity
Issuances Debt Capital Activities 

At-the-Market
Offering 

On
July 29, 2020, the Company entered into an At-the-Market Sales Agreement, dated July 29, 2020 (the Initial Sales Agreement ),
with BTIG, LLC, JMP Securities LLC, and Ladenburg Thalmann Co., Inc. (collectively, the Agents ). Under the Initial
Sales Agreement, the Company may, but has no obligation to, issue and sell up to 50.0 million in aggregate amount of shares of its common
stock (the Shares from time to time through the Agents or to them as principal for their own account (the ATM Program ).
On September 23, 2020, the Company increased the maximum amount of Shares to be sold through the ATM Program to 150.0 million from 50.0
million. In connection with the upsize of the ATM Program to 150.0 million, the Company entered into the Amendment No. 1 to the At-the-Market
Sales Agreement, dated September 23, 2020, with the Agents. The Company intends to use the net proceeds from the ATM Program to make
investments in portfolio companies in accordance with its investment objective and strategy and for general corporate purposes. 

67 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued and sold 17,807 shares under the ATM Program at a weighted-average
price of 13.01 per share, for gross proceeds of 231,677 and net proceeds of 229,896, after deducting commissions to the Agents on
Shares sold. As of December 31, 2022, up to approximately 98.8 million in aggregate amount of the Shares remain available for sale under
the ATM Program. 

During the year ended December 31, 2021, we issued and sold 5,900 shares
under the ATM Program at a weighted-average price of 13.42 per share, for gross proceeds of 79,198 and net proceeds of 78,608, after
deducting commissions to the Agents on shares sold. As of December 31, 2021, up to approximately 99.0 million in aggregate amount of
the shares remain available for sale under the ATM Program. 

Refer to Note 5 Common Stock to our consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2022 for
more information regarding the ATM Program. 

4.75 
Convertible Senior Notes due 2023 

On
March 28, 2018, we issued 40.0 million aggregate principal amount of 4.75 Convertible Senior Notes due 2023, which bore interest at
a fixed rate of 4.75 per year, payable semi-annually in arrears on March 31 and September 30 of each year, commencing on September 30,
2018. We received approximately 38.2 million in proceeds from the offering, net of underwriting discounts and commissions and other
offering expenses. The 4.75 Convertible Senior Notes due 2023 had a maturity date of March 28, 2023, unless previously repurchased or
converted in accordance with their terms. We did not have the right to redeem the 4.75 Convertible Senior Notes due 2023 prior to March
27, 2021. 

On
March 29, 2021, the Company redeemed 0.3 million in aggregate principal amount of the 4.75 Convertible Senior Notes due 2023 at a redemption
price equal to 100 of their principal amount 1,000 per convertible note), plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon, which amounted
to approximately 0.8 million. As a result of this redemption and prior conversions of the 4.75 Convertible Senior Notes due 2023 into
shares of our common stock by the holders thereof, the 4.75 Convertible Senior Notes due 2023 were no longer outstanding as of March
29, 2021. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021 the Company issued 4,097,808 shares of its common stock and cash for fractional shares
upon the conversion of approximately 37.9 million in aggregate principal amount of the 4.75 Convertible Senior Notes due 2023. The
Company also redeemed approximately 0.3 million of aggregate principal amount for cash plus accrued and unpaid interest on March 29,
2021. During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company issued 174,888 shares of its common stock and cash for fractional shares upon
the conversion of 1,785,000 in aggregate principal amount of the 4.75 Convertible Senior Notes due 2023. 

Refer
to Note 10 Debt Capital Activities to our consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2022 for more information
regarding the 4.75 Convertible Senior Notes due 2023. 

6.00 
Notes due 2026 

On
December 17, 2021, we issued 70.0 million aggregate principal amount of 6.00 Notes due 2026, which bear interest at a fixed rate of
6.00 per year, payable quarterly in arrears on March 31, June 30, September 30, and December 30 of each year, commencing on March 30,
2022. On December 21, 2021, we issued an additional 5.0 million aggregate principal amount of 6.00 Notes due 2026. We received approximately
 73.0 million in proceeds from the offering, net of underwriting discounts and commissions and other offering expenses. The 6.00 Notes
due 2026 have a maturity date of December 30, 2026, unless previously repurchased or redeemed in accordance with their terms. We have
the right to redeem the 6.00 Notes due 2026, in whole or in part, at any time or from time to time, on or after December 30, 2024 at
a redemption price of 100 of the aggregate principal amount thereof plus accrued and unpaid interest. 

Refer
to Note 10 Debt Capital Activities to our consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2022 for more information
regarding the 6.00 Notes due 2026. 

68 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Distributions 

The timing and amount of
our distributions, if any, will be determined by our Board of Directors and will be declared out of assets legally available for distribution.
See Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities in
Part II, Item 5 of this Form 10-K for a list of our past distributions, including dividends and returns of capital, if any,
per share that we have declared since our formation through December 31, 2022. 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

Critical
accounting policies and practices are the policies that are both most important to the portrayal of our financial condition and results,
and require management s most difficult, subjective, or complex judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates about
the effects of matters that are inherently uncertain. These include estimates of the fair value of our Level 3 investments and other
estimates that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities as of the date of the consolidated financial statements and the
reported amounts of certain revenues and expenses during the reporting period. It is likely that changes in these estimates will occur
in the near term. Our estimates are inherently subjective in nature and actual results could differ materially from such estimates. See
 Note 2 Significant Accounting Policies to our consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2022 for further
detail regarding our critical accounting policies and recently issued or adopted accounting pronouncements. 

69 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Related-Party
Transactions 

See
 Note 3 Related-Party Arrangements to our consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2022 for more information. 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

Market
Risk 

Our
equity investments are primarily in growth companies that in many cases have short operating histories and are generally illiquid. In
addition to the risk that these companies may fail to achieve their objectives, the price we may receive for these companies in private
transactions may be significantly impacted by periods of disruption and instability in the capital markets. While these periods of disruption
generally have little actual impact on the operating results of our equity investments, these events may significantly impact the prices
that market participants will pay for our equity investments in private transactions. This may have a significant impact on the valuation
of our equity investments. 

Valuation
Risk 

Our
investments may not have a readily available market quotation, as such term is defined in Rule 2a-5, and we value these investments at
fair value as determined in good faith by our Board of Directors in accordance with our valuation policy, as applicable. There is no
single standard for determining fair value in good faith. As a result, determining fair value requires that judgment be applied to the
specific facts and circumstances of each portfolio investment while employing a consistently applied valuation process for the types
of investments we make. Due to the inherent uncertainty of determining the fair value of investments that do not have a readily available
market value, the fair value of our investments may fluctuate from period to period. Because of the inherent uncertainty of valuation,
these estimated values may differ significantly from the values that would have been used had a ready market for the investments existed,
and it is possible that the difference could be material. In addition, if we were required to liquidate a portfolio investment in a forced
or liquidation sale, we may realize amounts that are different from the amounts presented and such differences could be material. 

Interest
Rate Risk 

We
are subject to financial market risks, which could include, to the extent we utilize leverage with variable rate structures, changes
in interest rates. As we invest primarily in equity rather than debt instruments, we would not expect fluctuations in interest rates
to directly impact the return on our portfolio investments, although any significant change in market interest rates could potentially
have an adverse effect on the business, financial condition and results of operations of the portfolio companies in which we invest. 

As
of December 31, 2022, all of our debt investments and outstanding borrowings bore fixed rates of interest. 

70 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

Index
to Financial Statements 

Page 
 
 Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm PCAOB ID: 
 72 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 73 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 74 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 75 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 76 
 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments as of December 31, 2022 
 77 
 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments as of December 31, 2021 
 82 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 87 

71 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Shareholders and Board of Directors of SuRo Capital Corp. 

Opinion
on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of assets and liabilities of SuRo Capital Corp. and subsidiaries (the Company including the consolidated schedule of investments as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations,
cash flows, and changes in net assets for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, the financial highlights (presented
in Note 8) for each of the three years in the period then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial
statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements and financial highlights present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations, changes in net assets and its cash flows
for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 and the financial highlights for each of the three years in the period
then ended in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. Our procedures included confirmation
of investments owned as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, by correspondence with the custodian, loan agents, and borrowers; when replies
were not received, we performed other auditing procedures. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matter 

The
critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) related to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial
statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter
does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Valuation
of Investments Level 3 Investments in Preferred Stock, Common Stock, Debt Investments and Options 

As described in Note 4 to the financial statements, approximately 59 of
the Company s 242 million total investments in securities as of December 31, 2022 represents investments in level 3 preferred stock,
common stock, debt investments and options issued by private companies whose fair value, as disclosed by management, is determined in
good faith by the Board of Directors. Management applied significant judgment in determining the fair value of these level 3 investments,
which involved the use of significant unobservable inputs with respect to the revenue and/or other multiples utilized, liquidation value,
financing risk, term to expiration and discount rates. 

The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures
relating to the valuation of level 3 investments in preferred stock, common stock, debt investments and options is a critical audit matter
are the significant judgment involved by management in determining the fair value of these level 3 investments, including the use of various
valuation techniques and significant unobservable inputs, which in turn led to a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort
in performing audit procedures and evaluating the audit evidence obtained relating to the valuation techniques and significant unobservable
inputs. 

Addressing
the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the financial
statements and financial highlights. Our principle audit procedures included, among others: 

(i)
testing the completeness and accuracy of management s valuations, including evaluating the appropriateness of management s
methodologies, evaluating the reasonableness of assumptions and significant unobservable inputs, including revenue and/or other multiples
utilized, liquidation value, financing risk, term to expiration and discount rates; and 

(ii)
the involvement of professionals with specialized skills and knowledge to assist in the assessment of the fair values for a sample of
investments, including reviewing the valuation methodologies, assessing the assumptions utilized in developing the estimates, and evaluating
the reasonableness of management s conclusions in deriving the valuations. 

/s/ 

March
16, 2023 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2019. 

72 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

SURO
CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Investments at fair value: 

Non-controlled/non-affiliate investments (cost of and , respectively) 

Non-controlled/affiliate investments (cost of and , respectively) 

Controlled investments (cost of and , respectively) 

Total Portfolio Investments 

Investments in U.S. Treasury bills (cost of and , respectively) 

Total Investments (cost of and , respectively) 

Total Investments 

Cash 

Proceeds receivable 

Escrow proceeds receivable 

Interest and dividends receivable 

Deferred financing costs 

Prepaid expenses and other assets (1) 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses (1) 

Accrued interest payable 

Dividends payable 

6.00 Notes due December 30, 2026 (2) 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Notes 7 and 10) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net Assets 

NET ASSETS 

Common stock, par value per share authorized; and issued and outstanding, respectively) 

Paid-in capital in excess of par 

Accumulated net investment loss 

Accumulated net realized gain on investments, net of distributions 

Accumulated net unrealized appreciation/(depreciation) of investments 

Net Assets 

Net Asset Value Per Share 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

(1) 
 
 (2) Notes due December 30, 2026 (effective interest rate of had a face value . As of December 31, 2021, the Notes due December 30, 2026
 (effective interest rate of had a face value . Refer to Note 10 Debt
 Capital Activities for a reconciliation of the carrying value to the face value. 

73 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

SURO
CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 INVESTMENT INCOME 

Non-controlled/non-affiliate investments: 

Interest income 

Dividend income 

Non-controlled/affiliate investments: 

Interest income/(reversal of accrued interest) 

Dividend income 

Controlled investments: 

Interest income 

Dividend income 

Interest income from U.S. Treasury bills 

Total Investment Income 

OPERATING EXPENSES 

Compensation expense 

Directors fees (1) 

Professional fees 

Interest expense 

Income tax expense 

Other expenses 

Total Operating Expenses 

Net Investment Loss 

Realized Gain/(Loss) on Investments: 

Non-controlled/non-affiliated investments 

Non-controlled/affiliate investments 

Net Realized Gain/(Loss) on Investments 

Change in Unrealized Appreciation/(Depreciation) of Investments: 

Non-controlled/non-affiliated investments 

Non-controlled/affiliate investments 

Controlled investments 

Net Change in Unrealized Appreciation/(Depreciation) of Investments 

Net Change in Net Assets Resulting from Operations 

Net Change in Net Assets Resulting from Operations per Common Share: 

Basic 

Diluted (2) 

Weighted-Average Common Shares Outstanding 

Basic 

Diluted (2) 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

(1) of stock-based compensation expense related
to the 2020 annual non-employee director grants. Refer
 to Note 11 Stock-Based Compensation for more detail. 
 
 (2) 

74 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

SURO
CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN NET ASSETS 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Change in Net Assets Resulting from Operations 

Net investment loss 

Net realized gain/(loss) on investments 

Net change in unrealized appreciation/(depreciation) of investments 

Net Change in Net Assets Resulting from Operations 

Distributions 

Dividends declared 

Total Distributions 

Change in Net Assets Resulting from Capital Transactions 

Issuance of common stock from public offering 

Issuance of common stock from conversion of Convertible Notes 

Stock-based compensation (1) 

Issuance of common stock from stock dividend 

Repurchases of common stock 

Net Change in Net Assets Resulting from Capital Transactions 

Total Change in Net Assets 

Net Assets at Beginning of Year 

Net Assets at End of Year 

Capital Share Activity 

Shares outstanding at beginning of year 

Issuance of common stock from public offering 

Issuance of common stock under restricted stock plan, net 

Issuance of common stock from conversion of Convertible Notes 

Issuance of common stock from stock dividend 

Shares repurchased 

Shares Outstanding at End of Year 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

(1) of accelerated recognition of compensation
 cost related to the cancellation of unvested options on April 28, 2020. Refer to Note 11 
 Stock-Based Compensation for more detail. 

75 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

SURO
CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities 

Net change in net assets resulting from operations 

Adjustments to reconcile net change in net assets resulting from operations to net cash provided by/(used in) operating activities: 

Net realized (gain)/loss on investments 

Net change in unrealized (appreciation)/depreciation of investments 

Amortization of discount on Convertible Senior Notes 

Amortization of discount on Notes 

Stock-based compensation (1) 

Adjustments to escrow proceeds receivable 

Forfeited interest on Convertible Senior Notes 

Purchases of investments in: 

Portfolio investments 

U.S. Treasury bills 

Proceeds from sales or maturity of investments in: 

Portfolio investments 

U.S. Treasury bills 

Change in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Interest and dividends receivable 

Proceeds receivable 

Escrow proceeds receivable 

Payable for securities purchased 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Payable to executive officers 

Income tax payable 

Accrued interest payable 

Net Cash Provided by/(Used in) Operating Activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities 

Proceeds from the issuance of common stock, net 

Proceeds from the issuance of Notes 

Redemption of Convertible Senior Notes 

Deferred debt issuance costs 

Repurchases of common stock 

Cash dividends paid 

Cash paid for fractional shares 

Deferred financing costs 

Net Cash Provided by/(Used in) Financing Activities 

Total Increase/(Decrease) in Cash Balance 

Cash Balance at Beginning of Year 

Cash Balance at End of Year 

Supplemental Information: 
 2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Interest paid 

Taxes paid 

Conversion of Convertible Senior Notes 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

(1) of accelerated recognition
 of compensation cost related to the cancellation of unvested options on April 28, 2020. Refer
 to Note 11 Stock-Based Compensation for more detail. 

76 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

SURO
CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 

 December
31, 2022 

Portfolio Investments 
 Headquarters/ Industry 
 Date of Initial Investment 
 Shares/ Principal 
 Cost 
 Fair Value 
 of Net Assets 
 
 NON-CONTROLLED/NON-AFFILIATE 

Learneo, Inc. (f/k/a Course Hero, Inc.) 
 Redwood City, CA 

Preferred shares, Series A 8 

Preferred shares, Series C 8 

Total 

Blink Health, Inc. 
 New York, NY 

Preferred shares, Series A 

Preferred shares, Series C 

Total 

Orchard Technologies, Inc. 
 New York, NY 

Preferred shares, Series D 

Simple Agreement for Future Equity 

Total 

Locus Robotics Corp. 
 Wilmington, MA 

Preferred shares, Series F 

Aspiration Partners, Inc. 
 Marina Del Rey, CA 

Preferred shares, Series A 

Preferred shares, Series C-3 

Total 

Whoop, Inc. 
 Boston, MA 

Preferred shares, Series C 

Forge Global, Inc. 
 San Francisco, CA 

Common shares (3)(14) (3)(14) 

Nextdoor Holdings, Inc. 
 San Francisco, CA 

Common shares, Class B (3) (3) 

NewLake Capital Partners, Inc. (f/k/a GreenAcreage Real Estate Corp.) 
 New Canaan, CT 

Common
shares (3) 

Shogun Enterprises, Inc. (d/b/a Hearth) 
 Austin, TX 

Preferred shares, Series B-1 

Preferred shares, Series B-2 

Convertible Note 0.5 , Due 4/18/2024 

Total 

True Global Ventures 4 Plus Pte Ltd (8) 
 Singapore, Singapore 

Limited Partner Fund Investment (8) 

Residential Homes for Rent, LLC (d/b/a Second Avenue) 
 Chicago, IL 

Preferred shares, Series A (6) 

Term
 loan 15 , Due 12/23/2023 (11) 

Total 

Trax Ltd. 
 Singapore, Singapore 

Common shares 

Preferred shares, Investec Series 

Total 

PayJoy, Inc. 
 San Francisco, CA 

Preferred shares 

Aventine
Property Group, Inc. 
 Chicago, IL 

Common shares (11) 

Varo Money, Inc. 
 San Francisco, CA 

Common shares (3) 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

77 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

SURO
CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS - continued 

 December
31, 2022 

Portfolio Investments 
 Headquarters/ Industry 
 Date of Initial Investment 
 Shares/ Principal 
 Cost 
 Fair Value 
 of Net Assets 
 
 Skillsoft Corp. 
 Nashua, NH 

Common shares (3) (3) 

Commercial Streaming Solutions Inc. (d/b/a BettorView) (7) 
 Las Vegas, NV 

Simple Agreement for Future Equity (7) 

Rebric, Inc. (d/b/a Compliable) (7) 
 Denver, CO 

Preferred shares, Series Seed-4 (7) 

Xgroup Holdings Limited (d/b/a Xpoint) (7) 
 Dubai, UAE 

Convertible Note 6 , Due 8/17/2023 

YouBet Technology, Inc. (d/b/a FanPower) (7) 
 New York, NY 

Preferred shares, Series Seed-2 (7) 

EDGE Markets, Inc. (7) 
 San Diego, CA 

Preferred shares, Series Seed (7) 

Churchill Sponsor VII LLC (12) 
 New York, NY 

Common share units (12) 

Warrant units (12) 

Total (12) 

AltC Sponsor LLC (12) 
 New York, NY 

Share units (12) 

Rent the Runway, Inc. 
 New York, NY 

Common shares (3) 

Churchill Sponsor VI LLC (12) 
 New York, NY 

Common share units (12) 

Warrant units (12) 

Total (12) 

Kahoot! ASA 
 Oslo, Norway 

Common shares (3) 

Neutron Holdings, Inc. (d/b/a/ Lime) 
 San Francisco, CA 

Junior Preferred shares, Series 1-D 

Junior Preferred Convertible Note 4 Due 5/11/2027 (4) 

Common Warrants, Strike Price 0.01, Expiration Date 5/11/2027 

Total 

Fullbridge, Inc. 
 Cambridge, MA 

Common shares 

Promissory
 Note 1.47 , Due 11/9/2021 (4)(13) 

Total 

Treehouse Real Estate Investment Trust, Inc. 
 Chicago, IL 

Common shares 

Kinetiq Holdings, LLC 
 Philadelphia, PA 

Common shares, Class A 

Total Non-controlled/Non-affiliate 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

78 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

SURO
CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS - continued 

 December
31, 2022 

Portfolio Investments 
 Headquarters/ Industry 
 Date of Initial Investment 
 Shares/ Principal 
 Cost 
 Fair Value 
 of Net Assets 
 
 NON-CONTROLLED/AFFILIATE (1) 

StormWind, LLC (5) 
 Scottsdale, AZ 

Preferred shares, Series D 8 (1)(5) 

Preferred shares, Series C 8 (1)(5) 

Preferred shares, Series B 8 (1)(5) 

Preferred shares, Series A 8 (1)(5) 

Total 

OneValley, Inc. (f/k/a NestGSV, Inc.) 
 San Mateo, CA 

Derivative Security, Expiration Date 8/23/2024 (10) (1)(10) 

Convertible Promissory Note 8 Due 8/23/2024 (4)(10) (1)(4)(10) 

Preferred Warrant Series B, Strike Price 2.31, Expiration Date 12/31/2023 (1) 

Total 

Ozy Media, Inc. 
 Mountain View, CA 

Preferred shares, Series C-2 6 (1) 

Preferred shares, Series B 6 (1) 

Preferred shares, Series A 6 (1) 

Preferred shares, Series Seed 6 (1) 

Common Warrants, Strike Price 0.01, Expiration Date 4/9/2028 (1) 

Total (1) 

Maven Research, Inc. 
 San Francisco, CA 

Preferred shares, Series C (1) 

Preferred shares, Series B (1) 

Total (1) 

Curious.com, Inc. 
 Menlo Park, CA 

Common shares (1) 

Total Non-controlled/Affiliate (1) 

CONTROLLED (2) 

Architect Capital PayJoy SPV, LLC 
 San Francisco, CA 

Membership Interest in Lending SPV (2) 

Colombier Sponsor LLC (12) 
 New York, NY 

Class B Units (12) 

Class W Units (12) 

Total (12) 

SPBRX, INC. (f/k/a GSV Sustainability Partners, Inc.) 
 Cupertino, CA 

Preferred shares, Class A (9) (9) 

Common shares (9) 

Total (9) 

Total Controlled (9) 

Total Portfolio Investments 

U.S. Treasury 

U.S. Treasury bill, 0 , due 3/30/2023 (3) (3) 

U.S. Treasury bill, 0 , due 6/29/2023 (3) (3) 

Total 

TOTAL INVESTMENTS 

115.34 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

79 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

SURO
CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS - continued 

 December
31, 2022 

of
 its total investments are non-qualifying assets. 

(1) 

(2) 

(3) 

(4) 

(5) 

(6) 

(7) 

80 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

SURO
CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS - continued 

 December
31, 2022 

(8) 
 million of a million capital commitment to True Global Ventures
 4 Plus Fund LP had been called and funded. 

(9) 

(10) 

(11) 
 million has been received from Residential Homes for Rent, LLC (d/b/a Second
 Avenue) related to the term loan due December 23, 2023. Of the proceeds received, approximately million repaid a portion
 of the outstanding principal and the remaining was attributed to interest. 

(12) 

(13) 

(14) 
 .
 In addition, each warrant of Forge Global, Inc. was exchanged into warrants exercisable into common stock based on the exchange
 ratio of .
 The exercise price of each converted warrant was determined by dividing the exercise price of the respective Forge Global, Inc.
 warrants by the exchange ratio, rounded to the nearest whole cent. On and effective August 5, 2022, SuRo Capital Corp. notified
 Forge Global, Inc. of its intent to net exercise via cashless settlement its 
 common warrants in Forge Global, Inc. into 
 shares of Forge Global, Inc. s public common stock, pursuant to the net exercise formula in the warrant agreement. The
 exercise was effectuated on September 30, 2022. 

81 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

SURO
CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 

 December
31, 2021 

Portfolio
 Investments 
 Headquarters/ Industry 
 Date
 of Initial Investment 
 Shares/ Principal 
 Cost 
 Fair
 Value 
 
 of Net Assets 
 
 Portfolio Investments 
 Headquarters/ Industry 
 Date of Initial Investment 
 Shares/ Principal 
 Cost 
 Fair Value 
 of Net Assets 
 
 NON-CONTROLLED/NON-AFFILIATE 

Course Hero, Inc. 
 Redwood City, CA 

Preferred shares, Series A 8 

Preferred shares, Series C 8 

Total 

Forge Global, Inc. 
 San Francisco, CA 

Common shares, Class AA 

Junior Preferred shares 

Junior Preferred warrants, Strike Price 12.42, Expiration Date 11/9/2025 

Total 

Blink Health, Inc. 
 New York, NY 

Preferred shares, Series A 

Preferred shares, Series C 

Total 

Nextdoor Holdings, Inc. 
 San Francisco, CA 

Common shares (3) (3) 

Aspiration Partners, Inc. 
 Marina Del Rey, CA 

Preferred shares, Series A 

Preferred shares, Series C-3 

Total 

Trax Ltd. 
 Singapore, Singapore 

Common shares 

Preferred shares, Investec series 

Total 

Orchard Technologies, Inc. 
 New York, NY 

Preferred shares, Series D 

Skillsoft Corp. (18) 
 Nashua, NH 

Common shares (3) (3)(18) 

Varo Money, Inc. 
 San Francisco, CA 

Common shares 

NewLake Capital Partners, Inc. (f/k/a GreenAcreage Real Estate Corp.) 
 New York, NY 

Common shares (3)(16) (3) (16) 

Rover Group, Inc. (13) 
 Seattle, WA 

Common shares (3) (3)(13) 

Shogun Enterprises, Inc. 
 Austin, TX 

Preferred shares, Series B-1 

Preferred shares, Series B-2 

Total 

Enjoy Technology, Inc. 
 Menlo Park, CA 

Common shares (3) (3) 

Neutron Holdings, Inc. (d/b/a/ Lime) 
 San Francisco, CA 

Junior Preferred shares, Series 1-D 

Junior Preferred Convertible Note 4 Due 5/11/2027 

Common Warrants, Strike Price 0.01, Expiration Date 5/11/2027 

Total 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

82 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

SURO
CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS - continued 

 December
31, 2021 

Portfolio Investments 
 Headquarters/ Industry 
 Date of Initial Investment 
 Shares/ Principal 
 Cost 
 Fair Value 
 of Net Assets 
 
 Residential Homes for Rent, LLC (d/b/a Second Avenue) 
 Chicago, IL 

Preferred shares, Series A (6) 

Term loan 15 , Due 12/23/2023 (14) (14) 

Total 

PayJoy, Inc. 
 San Francisco, CA 

Preferred shares 

Rent the Runway, Inc. 
 New York, NY 

Common shares (3) (3) 

Aventine Property Group, Inc. (12) 
 Chicago, IL 

Common shares 
 (12) 

Commercial Streaming Solutions Inc. (d/b/a BettorView) (7 
 Las Vegas, NV 

Simple Agreement for Future Equity (7) 

Rebric, Inc. (d/b/a Compliable) (7) 
 Denver, CO 

Preferred shares, Series Seed-4 (7) 

Palantir Lending Trust SPV I 11) 
 Palo Alto, CA 

Equity Participation in Underlying Collateral (3) (11) (3) 

True Global Ventures 4 Plus Pte Ltd (8) 
 Singapore, Singapore 

Limited Partner Fund Investment (8) 

YouBet Technology, Inc. (d/b/a PickUp) (7) 
 New York, NY 

Preferred shares, Series Seed-2 (7) 

Kahoot! ASA (19) 
 Oslo, Norway 

Common shares (3) (3)(19) 

Churchill Sponsor VII LLC (17) 
 New York, NY 

Common share units (17) 

Warrant units (17) 

Total (17) 

AltC Sponsor LLC (17) 
 New York, NY 

Share units (17) 

Churchill Sponsor VI LLC (17) 
 New York, NY 

Common share units (17) 

Warrant units (17) 

Total (17) 

Fullbridge, Inc. 
 Cambridge, MA 

Common shares 

Promissory Note 1.47 , Due 11/9/2021 (4)(20) (4)(20) 

Total 

8,421,364 

Treehouse Real Estate Investment Trust, Inc. (12) 
 Chicago, IL 

Common shares (12) 

Kinetiq Holdings, LLC 
 Philadelphia, PA 

Common shares, Class A 

Total Non-controlled/Non-affiliate 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

83 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

SURO
CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS - continued 

 December
31, 2021 

Portfolio Investments 
 Headquarters/ Industry 
 Date of Initial Investment 
 Shares/ Principal 
 Cost 
 Fair Value 
 of Net Assets 
 
 NON-CONTROLLED/AFFILIATE (1) 

StormWind, LLC (5) 
 Scottsdale, AZ 

Preferred shares, Series D 8 (1)(5) 

Preferred shares, Series C 8 (1)(5) 

Preferred shares, Series B 8 (1)(5) 

Preferred shares, Series A 8 (1)(5) 

Total (1)(5) 

OneValley, Inc. (f/k/a NestGSV, Inc.) 
 San Mateo, CA 

Derivative Security, Expiration Date 8/23/2024 (10) (1) 

Convertible Promissory Note 8 Due 8/23/2024 (4)(10) (1) 

Preferred Warrant Series B, Strike Price 2.31, Expiration Date 5/29/2022 (1) 

Preferred Warrant Series B, Strike Price 2.31, Expiration Date 12/31/2023 (1) 

Total (1) 

Ozy Media, Inc. 
 Mountain View, CA 

Preferred shares, Series C-2 6 (1) 

Common Warrants, Strike Price 0.01, Expiration Date 4/9/2028 (1) 

Preferred shares, Series B 6 (1) 

Preferred shares, Series A 6 (1) 

Preferred shares, Series Seed 6 (1) 

Total (1) 

Maven Research, Inc. 
 San Francisco, CA 

Preferred shares, Series C 8 (1) 

Preferred shares, Series B 5 (1) 

Total (1) 

Curious.com, Inc. 
 Menlo Park, CA 

Common shares (1) 

Total Non-controlled/Affiliate (1) 

CONTROLLED (2) 

Architect Capital PayJoy SPV, LLC 
 San Francisco, CA 

Membership Interest in Lending SPV (15) (2) 

Colombier Sponsor LLC (17) 
 New York, NY 

Class B Units (2) (17) 

Class W Units (2) (17) 

Total (2) (17) 

SPBRX, INC. (f/k/a GSV Sustainability Partners, Inc.) 
 Cupertino, CA 

Preferred shares, Class A (9) (2) 

Common shares (2) 

Total (2) 

Total Controlled (2) 

Total Portfolio Investments (2) 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

of
 its total investments are non-qualifying assets. 

84 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

SURO
CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS - continued 

 December
31, 2021 

(1) 

(2) 

(3) 

(4) 

(5) 

(6) 

(7) 

(8) 
 million of a million capital commitment to True Global Ventures
 4 Plus Fund LP had been called and funded. 

(9) 

(10) 

(11) 
 Class A common shares remain in Palantir Lending Trust SPV I, none of which are subject to lock-up
 restrictions. 

(12) 
 of its assets into Aventine Property
 Group, Inc. During the year ended December 31, 2021, Aventine Property Group, Inc. declared an aggregate of million in dividend
 distributions. During the year ended December 31, 2021, Treehouse Real Estate Investment Trust, Inc. declared an aggregate of 
 million in dividend distributions. 

(13) 
 additional common shares as a result of the exchange ratio prescribed in the transaction. As of December 31, 2021, SuRo Capital
 Corp. s common shares in Rover Group, Inc. were subject to certain lock-up restrictions. 

85 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

SURO
CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS - continued 

 December
31, 2021 

(14) 
 million has been received from Residential Homes for Rent, LLC (d/b/a Second
 Avenue) related to the term loan due December 23, 2023. Of the proceeds received, approximately million repaid a portion
 of the outstanding principal and approximately million was attributed to interest. 

(15) 
 million capital commitment representing SuRo Capital Corp. s Membership Interest in Architect
 Capital PayJoy SPV, LLC had been called and funded. 

(16) 
 
 million in dividend distributions. SuRo Capital Corp. does not anticipate that NewLake Capital Partners, Inc. (f/k/a GreenAcreage
 Real Estate Corp.) will pay distributions on a recurring or regular basis or become a predictable distributor of distributions. On
 August 20, 2021, NewLake Capital Partners, Inc. (f/k/a GreenAcreage Real Estate Corp.) went public via an initial public offering on
 the OTCQX. As of December 31, 2021, none of SuRo Capital Corp. s common shares in NewLake Capital Partners, Inc. (f/k/a
 GreenAcreage Real Estate Corp.) were subject to lock-up restrictions. 

(17) 

(18) 

(19) 
 common shares in Kahoot! ASA in addition to cash proceeds and amounts currently held in escrow. SuRo Capital Corp. is also
 eligible to receive cash and Kahoot! ASA common shares subject to certain earn-out provisions and contingencies. As of December 31,
 2021, SuRo Capital Corp. s common shares in Kahoot! ASA were subject to certain lock-up restrictions. 

(20) 

86 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

SURO
CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 December
31, 2022 

SuRo Capital Sports, LLC SuRo Sports 

Subsidiaries below are referred to collectively, as the Taxable Subsidiaries 

GSVC AE Holdings, Inc. GAE 

GSVC AV Holdings, Inc. GAV 

GSVC SW Holdings, Inc. GSW 

GSVC SVDS Holdings, Inc. SVDS 

The
Company s investment objective is to maximize its portfolio s total return, principally by seeking capital gains on its equity
and equity-related investments, and to a lesser extent, income from debt investments. The Company invests principally in the equity securities
of what it believes to be rapidly growing venture-capital-backed emerging companies. The Company may invest in these portfolio companies
through offerings of the prospective portfolio companies, transactions on secondary marketplaces for private companies, or negotiations
with selling stockholders. In addition, the Company may invest in private credit and in founders equity, founders warrants, forward purchase
agreements, and private investment in public equity transactions of special purpose acquisition companies. The Company may also invest
on an opportunistic basis in select publicly traded equity securities or certain non-U.S. companies that otherwise meet its investment
criteria, subject to any applicable limitations under the 1940 Act. 

SURO
CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 December
31, 2022 

SURO
CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 December
31, 2022 

Level
2 Valuations based on observable inputs other than Level 1 prices, such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities;
quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data at
the measurement date for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities. 

Level
3 Valuations based on unobservable inputs that reflect management s best estimate of what market participants would use
in pricing the asset or liability at the measurement date. Consideration is given to the risk inherent in the valuation technique and
the risk inherent in the inputs to the model. The majority of the Company s investments are Level 3 investments and are subject
to a high degree of judgment and uncertainty in determining fair value. 

When
the inputs used to measure fair value fall within different levels of the hierarchy, the level within which the fair value measurement
is categorized is based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety. For example, a Level
3 fair value measurement may include inputs that are observable (Levels 1 and 2) and unobservable (Level 3). Therefore, gains and losses
for such assets and liabilities categorized within the Level 3 table set forth in Note 4 Investments at Fair Value 
may include changes in fair value that are attributable to both observable inputs (Levels 1 and 2) and unobservable inputs (Level 3). 

A
review of fair value hierarchy classifications is conducted on a quarterly basis. Changes in the observability of valuation inputs may
result in a reclassification for certain financial assets or liabilities. Reclassifications impacting Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy
are reported as transfers in/out of the Level 3 category as of the beginning of the measurement period in which the reclassifications
occur. Refer to Levelling Policy below for a detailed discussion of the levelling of the Company s financial assets
or liabilities and events that may cause a reclassification within the fair value hierarchy. 

Securities
for which market quotations are readily available on an exchange are valued at the most recently available closing price of such security
as of the valuation date, unless there are legal or contractual restrictions on the sale or use of such security that under ASC 820-10-35
should be incorporated into the security s fair value measurement as a characteristic of the security that would transfer to market
participants who would buy the security. The Company may also obtain quotes with respect to certain of its investments from pricing services,
brokers or dealers in order to value assets. When doing so, the Company determines whether the quote obtained is sufficient according
to GAAP to determine the fair value of the security. If determined to be adequate, the Company uses the quote obtained. 

Securities
for which reliable market quotations are not readily available or for which the pricing source does not provide a valuation or methodology,
or provides a valuation or methodology that, in the judgment of management, our Board of Directors or the valuation committee of the
Company s Board of Directors (the Valuation Committee ), does not reliably represent fair value, shall each be valued
as follows: 

1. 
 The
 quarterly valuation process begins with each portfolio company or investment being initially valued by the internal investment professionals
 responsible for the portfolio investment; 

2. 
 Preliminary
 valuation conclusions are then documented and discussed with senior management; 

3. 
 For
 all investments for which there are no readily available market quotations, the Valuation Committee engages an independent third-party
 valuation firm to conduct independent appraisals, review management s preliminary valuations and make its own independent assessment; 

4. 
 The
 Valuation Committee applies the appropriate valuation methodology to each portfolio asset in a consistent manner, considers the inputs
 provided by management and the independent third-party valuation firm, discusses the valuations and recommends to the Company s
 Board of Directors a fair value for each investment in the portfolio; and 

5. 
 The
 Company s Board of Directors then discusses the valuations recommended by the Valuation Committee and determines in good faith
 the fair value of each investment in the portfolio. 

SURO
CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 December
31, 2022 

In
valuing the Company s investments in venture investment funds Venture Investment Funds ), the Company applies the
practical expedient provided by the ASC Topic 820 relating to investments in certain entities that calculate net asset value NAV per share (or its equivalent). ASC Topic 820 permits an entity holding investments in certain entities that either are investment companies,
or have attributes similar to an investment company, and calculate NAV per share or its equivalent for which the fair value is not readily
determinable, to measure the fair value of such investments on the basis of that NAV per share, or its equivalent, without adjustment. 

In
making a good faith determination of the fair value of investments, the Board applies valuation methodologies consistent with industry
practice. Valuation methods utilized include, but are not limited to, the following: comparisons to prices from secondary market transactions;
venture capital financings; public offerings; purchase or sales transactions; analysis of financial ratios and valuation metrics of portfolio
companies that issued such private equity securities to peer companies that are public; analysis of the portfolio company s most
recent financial statements, forecasts and the markets in which the portfolio company does business, and other relevant factors. The
Company assigns a weighting based upon the relevance of each method to assist the Board in determining the fair value of each investment. 

For
investments that are not publicly traded or that do not have readily available market quotations, the Valuation Committee generally engages
an independent valuation firm to provide an independent valuation, which the Company s Board of Directors considers, among other
factors, in making its fair value determinations for these investments. For the current and prior fiscal year, the Valuation Committee
engaged an independent valuation firm to perform valuations of 100 of the Company s investments for which there were no readily
available market quotations. 

Due
to the inherent uncertainty of determining the fair value of investments that do not have a readily available market value, the fair
value of the Company s investments may fluctuate from period to period. Because of the inherent uncertainty of valuation, these
estimated values may differ significantly from the values that would have been reported had a ready market for the investments existed,
and it is reasonably possible that the difference could be material. 

In
addition, changes in the market environment and other events that may occur over the life of the investments may cause the realized gains
or losses on investments to be different from the net change in unrealized appreciation or depreciation currently reflected in the consolidated
financial statements. 

Equity
Investments 

Equity
investments for which market quotations are readily available in an active market are generally valued at the most recently available
closing market prices and are classified as Level 1 assets. Equity investments with readily available market quotations that are subject
to sales restrictions due to an initial public offering IPO by the portfolio company will be classified as Level 1. Any
other equity investments with readily available market quotations that are subject to sales restrictions that would transfer to market
participants who would buy the security may be valued at a discount for a lack of marketability DLOM ), to the most recently
available closing market prices depending upon the nature of the sales restriction. These investments are generally classified as Level
2 assets. The DLOM used is generally based upon the market value of publicly traded put options with similar terms. 

The
fair values of the Company s equity investments for which market quotations are not readily available are determined based on various
factors and are classified as Level 3 assets. To determine the fair value of a portfolio company for which market quotations are not
readily available, the Board applies the appropriate respective valuation methodology for the asset class or portfolio holding, which
may involve analyzing the relevant portfolio company s most recently available historical and projected financial results, public
market comparables, and other factors. The Board may also consider other events, including the transaction in which the Company acquired
its securities, subsequent equity sales by the portfolio company, and mergers or acquisitions affecting the portfolio company. In addition,
the Board may consider the trends of the portfolio company s basic financial metrics from the time of its original investment until
the measurement date, with material improvement of these metrics indicating a possible increase in fair value, while material deterioration
of these metrics may indicate a possible reduction in fair value. 

SURO
CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 December
31, 2022 

In
determining the fair value of equity or equity-linked securities (including warrants to purchase common or preferred stock) in a portfolio
company, the Board considers the rights, preferences and limitations of such securities. In cases where a portfolio company s capital
structure includes multiple classes of preferred and common stock and equity-linked securities with different rights and preferences,
the Company may use an option pricing model to allocate value to each equity-linked security, unless it believes a liquidity event such
as an acquisition or a dissolution is imminent, or the portfolio company is unlikely to continue as a going concern. When equity-linked
securities expire worthless, any cost associated with these positions is recognized as a realized loss on investments in the Consolidated
Statements of Operations and Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. In the event these securities are exercised into common or preferred
stock, the cost associated with these securities is reassigned to the cost basis of the new common or preferred stock. These conversions
are noted as non-cash operating items on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 

Debt
Investments 

Given
the nature of the Company s current debt investments (excluding U.S. Treasuries), principally convertible and promissory notes
issued by venture-capital-backed portfolio companies, these investments are classified as Level 3 assets because there is no known or
accessible market or market indexes for these investment securities to be traded or exchanged. The Company s debt investments are
valued at estimated fair value as determined in good faith by the Company s Board of Directors. 

Options 

The
Company s Board of Directors determines the fair value of options based on methodologies that can include discounted cash flow
analyses, option pricing models, comparable analyses and other techniques as deemed appropriate. These investments are classified as
Level 3 assets because there is no known or accessible market or market indexes for these investment securities to be traded or exchanged.
The Company s options are valued at estimated fair value as determined by the Company s Board of Directors. 

Special
Purpose Acquisition Companies 

The
Company s Board of Directors measures its Special Purpose Acquisition Company SPAC investments at fair value, which
is equivalent to cost until a SPAC transaction is announced. After a SPAC transaction is announced, the Company s Board of Directors
will determine the fair value of SPAC investments based on fair value analyses that can include option pricing models, probability-weighted
expected return method analyses and other techniques as deemed appropriate. Upon completion of the SPAC transaction, the Board utilizes
the public share price of the entity, less a DLOM if there are restrictions on selling. The Company s SPAC investments are valued
at estimated fair value as determined in good faith by the Company s Board of Directors. 

Portfolio
Company Investment Classification 

The
Company is a non-diversified company within the meaning of the 1940 Act. The Company classifies its investments by level of control.
As defined in the 1940 Act, control investments are those where the investor retains the power to exercise a controlling influence over
the management or policies of a company. Control is generally deemed to exist when a company or individual directly or indirectly owns
beneficially more than 25 of the voting securities of an investee company. Affiliated investments and affiliated companies are defined
by a lesser degree of influence and are deemed to exist when a company or individual directly or indirectly owns, controls or holds the
power to vote 5 or more of the outstanding voting securities of a portfolio company. Refer to the Consolidated Schedules of Investments
as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, for details regarding the nature and composition of the Company s investment portfolio. 

Levelling
Policy 

The
portfolio companies in which the Company invests may offer their shares in IPOs. The Company s shares in such portfolio companies
are typically subject to lock-up agreements for 180 days following the IPO. Upon the IPO date, the Company transfers its investment from
Level 3 to Level 1 due to the presence of an active market, or Level 2 if limited by the lock-up agreement. The Company prices the investment
at the closing price on a public exchange as of the measurement date. In situations where there are lock-up restrictions, as well as
legal or contractual restrictions on the sale or use of such security that under ASC 820-10-35 should be incorporated into the security s
fair value measurement as a characteristic of the security that would transfer to market participants who would buy the security, the
Company will classify the investment as Level 2 subject to an appropriate DLOM to reflect the restrictions upon sale. The Company transfers
investments between levels based on the fair value at the beginning of the measurement period in accordance with FASB ASC 820. For investments
transferred out of Level 3 due to an IPO, the Company transfers these investments based on their fair value at the IPO date. 

SURO
CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 December
31, 2022 

and , respectively, in escrow proceeds receivable. 

Deferred
Financing Costs 

The
Company records origination costs related to lines of credit as deferred financing costs. These costs are deferred and amortized as part
of interest expense using the straight-line method over the respective life of the line of credit. For modifications to a line of credit,
any unamortized origination costs are expensed. Included within deferred financing costs are offering costs incurred relating to the
Company s shelf registration statement on Form N-2. The Company defers these offering costs until capital is raised pursuant to
the shelf registration statement or until the shelf registration statement expires. For equity capital raised, the offering costs reduce
paid-in capital resulting from the offering. For debt capital raised, the associated offering costs are amortized over the life of the
debt instrument. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company had deferred financing costs of and ,
respectively, on the Consolidated Statement of Assets and Liabilities. 

Deferred offering costs 

Deferred Financing Costs 

SURO
CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 December
31, 2022 

Operating
Leases Related Deposits 

The
Company accounts for its operating leases as prescribed by ASC 842, Leases , which requires lessees to recognize a right-of-use
asset on the balance sheet, representing its right to use the underlying asset for the lease term, and a corresponding lease liability
for all leases with terms greater than 12 months. The lease expense is presented as a single lease cost that is amortized on a straight-line
basis over the life of the lease. Non-lease components (maintenance, property tax, insurance and parking) are not included in the lease
cost. On June 3, 2019, the Company entered a -year operating lease for office space for which the Company has recorded a right-of-use
asset and a corresponding lease liability for the operating lease obligation. These amounts have been discounted using the rate implicit
in the lease. Refer to Note 7 Commitments and Contingencies Operating Leases and Related Deposits for
further detail. 

Stock-based
Compensation 

Using
the fair value recognition provisions as prescribed by ASC 718, Stock Compensation , stock-based compensation cost is measured
at the grant date based on the fair value of the award and is recognized as expense over the appropriate service period. Determining
the fair value of stock-based awards requires considerable judgment, including estimating the expected term of stock options and the
expected volatility of our stock price. Differences between actual results and these estimates could have a material effect on our financial
results. Forfeitures are accounted for as they occur. Refer to Note 11 Stock-Based Compensation for further detail. 

escrow deposits. 

SURO
CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 December
31, 2022 

SURO
CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 December
31, 2022 

The
Company elected to be treated as a RIC for the taxable year ended December 31, 2014 in connection with the filing of its 2014 tax return.
As a result, the Company was required to pay a corporate-level U.S. federal income tax on the amount of the net built-in gains in its
assets (the amount by which the net fair market value of the Company s assets exceeds the net adjusted basis in its assets) either
(1) as of the date it converted to a RIC (i.e., the beginning of the first taxable year that the Company qualifies as a RIC, which would
be January 1, 2014), or (2) to the extent that the Company recognized such net built-in gains during the five-year recognition period
beginning on the date of conversion. As of January 1, 2014, the Company had net unrealized built-in gains, but did not incur a built-in-gains
tax for the 2014 tax year due to the fact that there were sufficient net capital loss carryforwards to completely offset recognized built-in
gains as well as available net operating losses. The five-year recognition period ended on December 31, 2018. 

SURO
CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 December
31, 2022 

In
December 2020, the SEC adopted Rule 2a-5, which established requirements for satisfying a fund board s obligation to determine
fair value in good faith for purposes of the 1940 Act. The rule permits boards to assign the determination of fair value to a valuation
designee, who may be the fund s investment adviser or, if the fund is internally managed, an officer of the fund. The rule
also defines a market quotation as readily available only when that quotation is a quoted price (unadjusted) in active
markets for identical investments that the fund can access at the measurement date. In connection with the adoption of new Rule 2a-5,
the SEC also adopted new Rule 31a-4, which requires funds to maintain documentation to support fair value determinations and documentation
related to the designation of the valuation designee. The Company adopted amended valuation policies and procedures to comply with new
Rule 2a-5 and Rule 31a-4 in advance of the compliance date of September 8, 2022. The Company did not designate a valuation designee,
and the Board retains the sole responsibility to determine fair value in good faith under the 1940 Act. 

In
December 2021, the SEC published Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 120 SAB 120 to provide accounting and disclosure guidance
for stock compensation awards made to executives and conforming amendments to the Staff Accounting Bulletin Series to align with the
current authoritative accounting guidance in ASC 718, Compensation Stock Compensation . In part, SAB 120 requires that
an entity disclose how it determines the current price of underlying shares for grant-date fair value, the policy for when an adjustment
to the share price is required, how it determines the amount of an adjustment to the share price and any significant assumptions used
in determining an adjustment to the share price. SAB 120 is effective for all stock compensation awards issued after December 1, 2021.
The Company is in compliance with the guidance pursuant to SAB 120 for any share-based compensation disclosures. See Note 11 
Stock-Based Compensation for further discussion of the Company s policies and procedures regarding share-based compensation.
The Company does not expect the impact of SAB 120 to be material to the consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto. 

From
time to time, new accounting pronouncements are issued by the FASB or other standards setting bodies that are adopted by the Company
as of the specified effective date. The Company believes that the impact of recently issued standards and any that are not yet effective
will not have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements upon adoption. 

. On September 12, 2020, the Consulting Agreement expired
in accordance with its terms and was not renewed or extended. 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, the Company incurred ,
 
and ,
respectively, of consulting expense, as included in professional fees on the Consolidated Statements of Operations,
related to the Consulting Agreement. 

Amended
and Restated Trademark License Agreement 

On and effective March 12, 2019, we entered into an Amended and Restated
Trademark License Agreement (the Amended and Restated License Agreement with GSV Asset Management in connection with the
termination of the Investment Advisory Agreement and the Company s internalization. 

SURO
CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 December
31, 2022 

GSV
Asset Management is the owner of the trade name GSV , and other state or unregistered GSV marks, including
the trading symbol GSVC (collectively, the Licensed Marks ). Pursuant to the Amended and Restated License
Agreement, GSV Asset Management granted us a non-transferable, non-sublicensable, and non-exclusive right and license to use the Licensed
Marks, solely in connection with the operation of our existing business. 

The
term of the Amended and Restated License Agreement commenced on March 12, 2019 and continued for eighteen months in accordance with its
terms. Pursuant to the Amended and Restated License Agreement, we paid GSV Asset Management a total amount equal to . On September
12, 2020, the Amended and Restated License Agreement expired in accordance with its terms and was not renewed or extended. 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company incurred , , and , respectively, of licensing expense, as included
in other expenses on the Consolidated Statements of Operations, related to the Amended and Restated License Agreement. 

Other
Arrangements 

The
Company s executive officers and directors serve or may serve as officers, directors, or managers of entities that operate in a
line of business similar to the Company s, including new entities that may be formed in the future. Accordingly, they may have
obligations to investors in those entities, the fulfillment of which might not be in the best interests of the Company or the Company s
stockholders. 

The
1940 Act prohibits the Company from participating in certain negotiated co-investments with certain affiliates unless it receives an
order from the SEC permitting it to do so. As a BDC, the Company is prohibited under the 1940 Act from participating in certain transactions
with certain of its affiliates without the prior approval of the Board of Directors, including its independent directors, and, in some
cases, the SEC. The affiliates with which the Company may be prohibited from transacting include its officers, directors, and employees
and any person controlling or under common control with the Company, subject to certain exceptions. 

In
the ordinary course of business, the Company may enter into transactions with portfolio companies that may be considered related-party
transactions. To ensure that the Company does not engage in any prohibited transactions with any persons affiliated with the Company,
the Company has implemented certain written policies and procedures whereby the Company s executive officers screen each of the
Company s transactions for any possible affiliations between the proposed portfolio investment, the Company, companies controlled
by the Company, and the Company s executive officers and directors. 

The
Company s investment in Churchill Sponsor VI LLC, the sponsor of Churchill Capital Corp. VI, a special purpose acquisition company,
constituted a remote-affiliate transaction for purposes of the 1940 Act in light of the fact that Mark D. Klein, the Company s Chairman,
Chief Executive Officer and President, has a non-controlling interest in the entity that controls Churchill Sponsor VI LLC, and is a
non-controlling member of the board of directors of Churchill Capital Corp VI. The Company s investment in Churchill Sponsor VII
LLC, the sponsor of Churchill Capital Corp. VII, a special purpose acquisition company, also constituted a remote-affiliate 
transaction for purposes of the 1940 Act in light of the fact that Mr. Klein has a non-controlling interest in the entity that controls
Churchill Sponsor VII LLC, and is a non-controlling member of the board of directors of Churchill Capital Corp. VII. In addition, Mr.
Klein s brother, Michael Klein, is a control person of such Churchill entities. As of December 31, 2022, the fair values of the
Company s investments in Churchill Sponsor VI LLC and Churchill Sponsor VII LLC were and , respectively. 

The
Company s investment in Skillsoft Corp. (f/k/a Software Luxembourg Holding S.A.) Skillsoft constituted a remote-affiliate 
transaction for purposes of the 1940 Act in light of the fact that Mr. Klein has a non-controlling interest in the entity that controls
Churchill Sponsor II LLC, the sponsor of Churchill Capital Corp. II, a special purpose acquisition company, and is a non-controlling member
of the board of directors of Churchill Capital Corp. II, through which the Company executed a private investment in public equity transaction
in order to acquire common shares of Skillsoft alongside the merger of Skillsoft and Churchill Capital Corp II. In addition, Mr. Klein s
brother, Michael Klein, is a control person of such Churchill entities. As of December 31, 2022, the fair value of the Company s
investment in Skillsoft Corp. was . 

SURO
CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 December
31, 2022 

The Company s initial investment in Shogun Enterprises, Inc. on February
26, 2021 constituted a remote-affiliate transaction for purposes of the 1940 Act in light of the fact that Keri Findley,
a former senior managing director of the Company until her departure on March 9, 2022, was at the time of investment, a non-controlling
member of the board of directors of Shogun Enterprises, Inc., and held a minority equity interest in such portfolio company. The Company s
investment in Architect Capital PayJoy SPV, LLC also constituted a remote-affiliate transaction for purposes of the 1940
Act in light of the fact that Ms. Findley, at the time of investment, was a non-controlling member of the board of directors of the investment
manager to Architect Capital PayJoy SPV, LLC, and held a minority equity interest in such investment manager. As of December 31, 2022,
the fair values of the Company s remote-affiliate investments in Shogun Enterprises, Inc. (d/b/a Hearth) and Architect Capital PayJoy
SPV, LLC were 
and ,
respectively. 

In addition, Ms. Findley and Claire Councill, a former investment professional
of the Company until her departure on April 15, 2022, are non-controlling members of the board of directors of Colombier Acquisition Corp.,
a special purpose acquisition company, which is sponsored by Colombier Sponsor LLC, one of the Company s portfolio companies. The
Company s investment in AltC Sponsor LLC, the sponsor of AltC Acquisition Corp, a special purpose acquisition company, constituted
a remote-affiliate transaction for purposes of the 1940 Act in light of the fact that Mr. Klein has a non-controlling interest
in one of the entities that controls AltC Sponsor LLC, and Allison Green, the Company s Chief Financial Officer, Chief Compliance
Officer, Treasurer and Secretary, is a non-controlling member of the board of directors of AltC Acquisition Corp. As of December 31, 2022,
the fair values of the Company s aggregate investments in each of Colombier Sponsor LLC and AltC Sponsor LLC were and , respectively. 

positions in portfolio companies. As of December 31, 2021, the Company
had positions in portfolio companies. 

SURO
CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 December
31, 2022 

Common Stock 

Debt Investments 

Options 

Total Private Portfolio Companies 

Publicly Traded Portfolio Companies 

Common Stock 

Options 

Total Publicly Traded Portfolio Companies 

Total Portfolio Investments 

Non-Portfolio Investments 

U.S. Treasury Bills 

Total Investments 

The
geographic and industrial compositions of the Company s portfolio at fair value as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 were
as follows: 

As of December 31, 2022 
 As of December 31, 2021 

Fair Value 
 Percentage of Portfolio 
 Percentage of Net Assets 
 Fair Value 
 Percentage of Portfolio 
 Percentage of Net Assets 
 
 Geographic Region 

West 

Northeast 

Midwest 

International 

Total 

As of December 31, 2022 
 As of December 31, 2021 

Fair Value 
 Percentage of Portfolio 
 Percentage of Net Assets 
 Fair Value 
 Percentage of Portfolio 
 Percentage of Net Assets 
 
 Industry 

Education Technology 

Financial Technology 

Marketplaces 

Big Data/Cloud 

Social/Mobile 

Sustainability 

Total 

SURO
CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 December
31, 2022 

The
table below details the composition of the Company s industrial themes presented in the preceding tables: 

Industry
 Theme 
 
 Industry 
 
 Education
 Technology 
 
 Business
 Education 

Education
 Software 

Interactive
 Learning 

Online
 Education 
 
 Big
 Data/Cloud 
 
 Data
 Analysis 

Gaming
 Licensing 

Retail
 Technology 

Geolocation
 Technology 

Warehouse
 Automation 
 
 Marketplaces 
 
 Global
 Innovation Platform 

Knowledge
 Networks 

Micromobility 

On-Demand
 Commerce 

Peer-to-Peer
 Pet Services 

Pharmaceutical
 Technology 

Real
 Estate Platform 

Subscription
 Fashion Rental 
 
 Financial
 Technology 
 
 Cannabis
 REIT 

Financial
 Services 

Home
 Improvement Finance 

Mobile
 Finance Technology 

Online
 Marketplace Finance 

Gaming
 Technology 

Special
 Purpose Acquisition Company 

Venture
 Investment Fund 
 
 Social/Mobile 
 
 Digital
 Media Platform 

Digital
 Media Technology 

Interactive
 Media Services 

Mobile
 Access Technology 

Social
 Data Platform 

Fitness
 Technology 

Social
 Networking 
 
 Sustainability 
 
 Clean
 Technology 

SURO
CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 December
31, 2022 

Investment
Valuation Inputs 

Common Stock 

Debt Investments 

Options 

Private Portfolio Companies 

Publicly Traded Portfolio Companies 

Common Stock 

Non-Portfolio Investments 

U.S. Treasury bills 

Total Investments at Fair Value 

As of December 31, 2021 

Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Securities (Level 1) 
 Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) 
 Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) 
 Total 
 
 Investments at Fair Value 

Private Portfolio Companies 

Preferred Stock 

Common Stock 

Debt Investments 

Options 

Private Portfolio Companies 

Publicly Traded Portfolio Companies 

Common Stock 

Options 

Publicly Traded Portfolio Companies 

Total Investments at Fair Value 

SURO
CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 December
31, 2022 

Significant
Unobservable Inputs for Level 3 Assets and Liabilities 

In
accordance with FASB ASC 820, Fair Value Measurement , the tables below provide quantitative information about the Company s
fair value measurements of its Level 3 assets as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. In addition to the techniques and inputs
noted in the tables below, according to the Company s valuation policy, the Company may also use other valuation techniques and
methodologies when determining the Company s fair value measurements. The tables below are not intended to be all-inclusive, but
rather provide information on the significant Level 3 inputs as they relate to the Company s fair value measurements. To the extent
an unobservable input is not reflected in the tables below, such input is deemed insignificant with respect to the Company s Level
3 fair value measurements as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. Significant changes in the inputs in isolation would result
in a significant change in the fair value measurement, depending on the input and the materiality of the investment. Refer to Note
2 Significant Accounting Policies Investments at Fair Value for more detail. 

x - x x) 

N/A 

(5) 
 
 x - x x) 
 
 Preferred stock in private companies 

x - x x) 

N/A 

(5) 
 
 x - x 

Debt investments 

x - x x) 
 
 Options 

x - x x) 

(1) 

(2) 

(3) 

(4) 

(5) 

SURO
CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 December
31, 2022 

As
of December 31, 2021 

Asset 
 Fair
 Value 
 Valuation
 Approach/ Technique (1) 
 Unobservable
 Inputs (2) 
 Range
 (Weighted Average) (3) 
 
 Common
 stock in private companies 

x
 - x x) 

(5) 
 (6) 

- x x) 

Preferred
 stock in private companies 

x
 - x x) 

(5) 
 
 x
 - x x) 

Debt
 investments 

x
 - x x) 
 
 Options 

- 

- 

(1) 

(2) 

(3) 

(4) 

(5) 

(6) 

SURO
CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 December
31, 2022 

Transfers out of Level 3 (1) 

Purchases, capitalized fees and interest 

Sales/Maturity of investments 

Realized gains/(losses) 

Net change in unrealized appreciation/(depreciation) included in earnings 

Fair Value as of December 31, 2022 

Net change in unrealized appreciation/ (depreciation) of Level 3 investments still held as of December 31, 2022 

(1) 

Portfolio Company 
 Conversion from 
 Conversion to 
 
 Forge Global, Inc. 
 Common Shares, Class AA Junior Preferred Shares Junior Preferred Warrants, Strike Price , Expiration Date 
 Public Common shares (Level 2) Common warrants, Strike Price , Expiration Date (Level 2) 

The
aggregate values of Level 3 assets and liabilities changed during the year ended December 31, 2021 as follows: 

Common Stock 
 Preferred Stock 
 Debt Investments 
 Options 
 Total 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Common Stock 
 Preferred Stock 
 Debt Investments 
 Options 
 Total 
 
 Assets: 

Fair Value as of December 31, 2020 

Fair value, beginning 

Transfers out of Level 3 (1) 

Purchases, capitalized fees and interest 

Sales/Maturity of investments 

Realized gains/(losses) 

Net change in unrealized appreciation/(depreciation) included in earnings 

Fair Value as of December 31, 2021 

Fair value, ending 

Net change in unrealized appreciation/ (depreciation) of Level 3 investments still held as of December 31, 2021 

Net change in unrealized appreciation/ (depreciation) of Level 3 investments still held 

(1) 

Portfolio Company 
 Conversion from 
 Conversion to 
 
 Coursera, Inc. 
 Preferred shares, Series F Preferred shares, Series B 
 Public Common shares (Level 2) 
 
 Churchill Capital Corp. II 
 Common shares, Class A 
 Skillsoft Corp. Public Common shares (Level 2) 
 
 NewLake Capital Partners, Inc. (f/k/a GreenAcreage Real Estate Corp.) 
 Common shares 
 Public Common shares (Level 2) 
 
 A Place for Rover, Inc. (f/k/a DogVacay, Inc.) 
 Common shares 
 Rover Group, Inc. Public Common shares (Level 2) 
 
 Enjoy Technology, Inc. 
 Preferred shares, Series B Preferred shares, Series A Convertible Promissory Note Due 1/30/2024 
 Public Common shares (Level 2) 
 
 Nextdoor Holdings, Inc. 
 Common shares 
 Public Common shares (Level 2) 
 
 Rent the Runway, Inc. 
 Preferred shares, Series G 
 Public Common shares (Level 2) 

SURO
CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 December
31, 2022 

Schedule
of Investments In, and Advances to, Affiliates 

Total Options 

Preferred Stock 

Clean Technology 

SPBRX,
 INC. (f/k/a GSV Sustainability Partners, Inc.) Preferred shares, Class A (4) 

Total Preferred Stock 

Common Stock 

Clean Technology 

SPBRX, INC. (f/k/a GSV Sustainability Partners, Inc.) Common
 shares 

Mobile Finance Technology 

Architect
Capital PayJoy SPV, LLC Membership Interest in Lending SPV 

Special Purpose Acquisition Company 

Colombier
 Sponsor LLC Class B Units (7) 

Total Common Stock 

TOTAL
 CONTROLLED INVESTMENTS (2) 

NON-CONTROLLED/AFFILIATE
 INVESTMENTS (1) 

Debt Investments 

Global Innovation Platform 

OneValley,
 Inc. (f/k/a NestGSV, Inc.) Convertible Promissory Note 8 , Due (3) 

Total Debt Investments 

Preferred Stock 

Knowledge Networks 

Maven Research, Inc. Preferred shares, Series
 C 

Maven Research, Inc. Preferred
 shares, Series B 

Total Knowledge Networks 

Digital Media Platform 

Ozy Media, Inc. Preferred shares, Series C-2
 6 

Ozy Media, Inc. Preferred shares, Series B 6 

Ozy Media, Inc. Preferred shares, Series A 6 

Ozy Media, Inc. Preferred
 shares, Series Seed 6 

Total Digital Media Platform 

Interactive Learning 

StormWind,
 LLC Preferred shares, Series D 8 (5) 

StormWind,
 LLC Preferred shares, Series C 8 (5) 

StormWind,
 LLC Preferred shares, Series B 8 (5) 

StormWind,
 LLC Preferred shares, Series A 8 (5) 

Total Interactive Learning 

Total Preferred Stock 

Options 

Digital
 Media Platform 

Ozy Media, Inc. Common Warrants, Strike Price
 , Expiration Date 

Global Innovation Platform 

OneValley, Inc. (f/k/a NestGSV, Inc.) Preferred
 Warrant Series B, Strike Price , Expiration Date 

OneValley, Inc. (f/k/a NestGSV,
 Inc.) Preferred Warrant Series B, Strike Price , Expiration Date 

OneValley,
 Inc. (f/k/a NestGSV, Inc.) Derivative Security, Expiration Date (6) 

Total Global Innovation Platform 

Total Options 

Common Stock 

Online Education 

Curious.com, Inc. Common shares 

Total Common Stock 

TOTAL
 NON-CONTROLLED/AFFILIATE INVESTMENTS (1) 

SURO
CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 December
31, 2022 

of
 its total investments are non-qualifying assets. 

(1) 

(2) 

(3) 

(4) 

(5) 

(6) 

(7) 

SURO
CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 December
31, 2022 

Schedule
of Investments In, and Advances to, Affiliates 

Transactions
during the year ended December 31, 2021 involving the Company s controlled investments and non-controlled/affiliate investments
were as follows: 

Type/Industry/Portfolio Company/Investment 
 Principal/ Quantity 
 Interest,
 Fees, or Dividends
 Credited in
 Income 
 Fair
 Value at December 31, 2020 
 Transfer
 In/ (Out) 
 Purchases, Capitalized
 Fees, Interest
 and Amortization 
 Sales 
 Realized Gains/(Losses) 
 Unrealized Gains/(Losses) 
 Fair
 Value at December 31, 2021 
 Percentage of
 Net Assets 
 
 CONTROLLED
 INVESTMENTS (2) 

Options 

Special Purpose Acquisition Company 

Colombier
 Sponsor LLC Class W Units (9) 

Total Options 

Preferred Stock 

Clean Technology 

SPBRX,
 INC. (f/k/a GSV Sustainability Partners, Inc.) Preferred shares, Class A (4) 

Total Preferred Stock 

Common Stock 

Clean Technology 

SPBRX, INC. (f/k/a GSV Sustainability Partners, Inc.) Common
 shares 

Mobile Finance Technology 

Architect
 Capital PayJoy SPV, LLC Membership Interest in Lending SPV (7) 

Special Purpose Acquisition Company 

Colombier
 Sponsor LLC Class B Units (9) 

Total Common Stock 

TOTAL
 CONTROLLED INVESTMENTS (2) 

NON-CONTROLLED/AFFILIATE
 INVESTMENTS (1) 

Debt Investments 

Corporate Education 

CUX, Inc. (d/b/a CorpU) Senior Subordinated Convertible
 Promissory Note 4 Due 

Global Innovation Platform 

OneValley,
 Inc. (f/k/a NestGSV, Inc.) Convertible Promissory Note 8 Due (3)(6) 

Total Debt Investments 

Preferred Stock 

Corporate Education 

CUX, Inc. (d/b/a CorpU) Convertible preferred
 shares, Series D 6 

CUX, Inc. (d/b/a CorpU) -Convertible
 preferred shares, Series C 8 

Total Corporate Education 

Knowledge Networks 

Maven Research, Inc. Preferred shares, Series
 C 

Maven Research, Inc. Preferred
 shares, Series B 

Total Knowledge Networks 

Digital Media Platform 

Ozy Media, Inc. Preferred shares, Series C-2
 6 

- 

Ozy Media, Inc. Preferred shares, Series B 6 

Ozy Media, Inc. Preferred shares, Series A 6 

Ozy Media, Inc. Preferred
 shares, Series Seed 6 

Total Digital Media Platform 

Interactive Learning 

StormWind,
 LLC Preferred shares, Series D 8 (5) 

- 

StormWind,
 LLC Preferred shares, Series C 8 (5) 

StormWind,
 LLC Preferred shares, Series B 8 (5) 

StormWind,
 LLC Preferred shares, Series A 8 (5) 

Total Interactive Learning 

Total Preferred Stock 

Options 

Digital
 Media Platform 

Ozy Media, Inc. Common Warrants, Strike Price
 , Expiration Date 

Global Innovation Platform 

OneValley, Inc. (f/k/a NestGSV,
 Inc.) Preferred Warrant Series A-3 - Strike Price , Expiration Date 

OneValley, Inc. (f/k/a NestGSV,
 Inc.) Preferred Warrant Series A-4, Strike Price , Expiration Date 

OneValley, Inc. (f/k/a NestGSV, Inc.) Preferred
 Warrant Series A-4, Strike Price , Expiration Date 

OneValley, Inc. (f/k/a NestGSV, Inc.) Preferred
 Warrant Series B, Strike Price , Expiration Date 

OneValley, Inc. (f/k/a NestGSV, Inc.) Preferred
 Warrant Series B, Strike Price , Expiration Date 

OneValley, Inc. (f/k/a NestGSV,
 Inc.) Preferred Warrant Series B, Strike Price , Expiration Date 

Derivative
 Security, Expiration Date (6) 

Total Global Innovation Platform 

Total Options 

Common Stock 

Online Education 

Curious.com, Inc. Common shares 

Cannabis
 REIT 

NewLake
 Capital Partners, Inc. (f/k/a GreenAcreage Real Estate Corp.) Common shares (8) 

Total Common Stock 

TOTAL
 NON-CONTROLLED/AFFILIATE INVESTMENTS (1) 

SURO
CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 December
31, 2022 

of its total investments are non-qualifying assets. 

(1) 

(2) 

(3) 

(4) 

(5) 

(6) 

(7)
 
 million capital commitment representing SuRo Capital Corp. s Membership Interest in Architect
 Capital PayJoy SPV, LLC had been called and funded. 

(8)
 
 million in dividend distributions, of which approximately million reflects the dividend income earned while
 NewLake Capital Partners, Inc. (f/k/a GreenAcreage Real Estate Corp.) was a non-controlled/affiliate investment. SuRo Capital Corp.
 does not anticipate that NewLake Capital Partners, Inc. (f/k/a GreenAcreage Real Estate Corp.) will pay distributions on a recurring
 or regular basis or become a predictable distributor of distributions. On August 20, 2021, NewLake Capital Partners, Inc.(f/k/a GreenAcreage
 Real Estate Corp.) went public via an initial public offering on the OTCQX. As of December 31, 2021, none of SuRo Capital Corp. s
 common shares in NewLake Capital Partners, Inc. (f/k/a GreenAcreage Real Estate Corp.) were subject to lock-up restrictions. 

(9) 

SURO
CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 December
31, 2022 

million discretionary open-market share repurchase program of shares of the Company s
common stock, par value per share, of up to million until the earlier of (i) August 6, 2018 or (ii) the repurchase of 
million in aggregate amount of the Company s common stock (the Share Repurchase Program ). On November 7, 2017, the
Company s Board of Directors authorized an extension of, and an increase in the amount of shares of the Company s common
stock that may be repurchased under the discretionary Share Repurchase Program until the earlier of (i) November 6, 2018 or (ii) the
repurchase of million in aggregate amount of the Company s common stock. On May 3, 2018, the Company s Board of Directors
authorized a million increase in the amount of shares of the Company s common stock that may be repurchased under the discretionary
Share Repurchase Program until the earlier of (i) November 6, 2018 or (ii) the repurchase of million in aggregate amount of the
Company s common stock. On November 1, 2018, our Board of Directors authorized a million increase in the amount of shares
of our common stock that may be repurchased under the discretionary Share Repurchase Program until the earlier of (i) October 31, 2019
or (ii) the repurchase of million in aggregate amount of our common stock. On August 5, 2019, our Board of Directors authorized
a million increase in the amount of shares of our common stock that may be repurchased under the discretionary Share Repurchase
Program until the earlier of (i) August 4, 2020 or (ii) the repurchase of million in aggregate amount of our common stock. On March
9, 2020, our Board of Directors authorized a million increase in the amount of shares of our common stock that may be repurchased
under the discretionary Share Repurchase Program until the earlier of (i) March 8, 2021 or (ii) the repurchase of million in aggregate
amount of our common stock. On October 28, 2020, our Board of Directors authorized a million increase in the amount of shares of
our common stock that may be repurchased under the discretionary Share Repurchase Program until the earlier of (i) October 31, 2021 or
(ii) the repurchase of million in aggregate amount of our common stock. On October 27, 2021, our Board of Directors approved an
extension of the Share Repurchase Program until the earlier of (i) October 31, 2022 or (ii) the repurchase of million in aggregate
amount of our common stock. On March 13, 2022, our Board of Directors authorized a million increase in the amount of shares of
our common stock that may be repurchased under the discretionary Share Repurchase Program until the earlier of (i) October 31, 2022 or
(ii) the repurchase of million in aggregate amount of our common stock. On October 19, 2022, the Company s Board of Directors
approved an extension of the Share Repurchase Program until the earlier of (i) October 31, 2023 or (ii) the repurchase of million
in aggregate amount of the Company s common stock. 

The
timing and number of shares to be repurchased will depend on a number of factors, including market conditions and alternative investment
opportunities. The Share Repurchase Program may be suspended, terminated or modified at any time for any reason and does not obligate
the Company to acquire any specific number of shares of its common stock. Under the Share Repurchase Program, we may repurchase our outstanding
common stock in the open market provided that we comply with the prohibitions under our insider trading policies and procedures and the
applicable provisions of the 1940 Act and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company repurchased shares of the Company s common stock under the Share Repurchase
Program. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company did not repurchase any shares of common stock under the Share Repurchase
Program. As of December 31, 2022, the dollar value of shares that remained available to be purchased by the Company under the Share Repurchase
Program was approximately million. 

Modified
Dutch Auction Tender Offer 

On
August 8, 2022, the Company commenced a modified Dutch Auction tender offer (the Modified Dutch Auction Tender Offer to purchase up to shares of its common stock from its stockholders, which expired on . In accordance
with the terms of the Modified Dutch Auction Tender Offer, the Company selected the lowest price per share of not less than per
share and not greater than per share. 

Pursuant
to the Modified Dutch Auction Tender Offer, the Company repurchased 
shares, representing 
of its then outstanding shares, on or about September 12, 2022 at a price of 
per share. The Company used available cash to fund the purchases of its shares of common stock in the Modified Dutch Auction Tender
Offer and to pay for all related fees and expenses. 

SURO
CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 December
31, 2022 

Amended
and Restated 2019 Equity Incentive Plan 

Refer
to Note 11 Stock-Based Compensation for a description of the Company s restricted shares of common stock granted
under the Amended Restated 2019 Equity Incentive Plan (as defined therein). 

Dividends
Paid in Common Stock 

On
May 4, 2021, the Company s Board of Directors declared a dividend of per share that was paid on June 30, 2021 to stockholders
of record as of the close of business on May 18, 2021. The ex-dividend date was May 17, 2021. The dividend was paid in cash and shares
of the Company s common stock at the election of the stockholders, although the total amount of cash to be distributed to all stockholders
was limited to no more than 50 of the total dividend paid to all stockholders. The total dividend amount paid to all stockholders consisted
of approximately million in cash and in shares of common stock issued. 

On
August 3, 2021, the Company s Board of Directors declared a dividend of per share that was paid on September 30, 2021 to
stockholders of record as of the close of business on August 18, 2021. The ex-dividend date was August 17, 2021. The dividend was paid
in cash and shares of the Company s common stock at the election of the stockholders, although the total amount of cash to be distributed
to all stockholders was limited to no more than 50 of the total dividend paid to all stockholders. The total dividend amount paid to
all stockholders consisted of approximately million in cash and in shares of common stock issued. 

On
November 2, 2021, the Company s Board of Directors declared a dividend of per share that was paid on December 30, 2021 to
stockholders of record as of the close of business on November 17, 2021. The ex-dividend date was November 16, 2021. The dividend was
paid in cash and shares of the Company s common stock at the election of the stockholders, although the total amount of cash to
be distributed to all stockholders was limited to no more than 50 of the total dividend paid to all stockholders. The total dividend
amount paid to all stockholders consisted of approximately million in cash and in shares of common stock issued. 

Conversion
of 4.75 Convertible Senior Notes due 2023 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued shares of its common stock and cash for fractional shares
upon the conversion of approximately million in aggregate principal amount of the 4.75 Convertible Senior Notes due 2023. The
Company also redeemed approximately million of aggregate principal amount for cash plus accrued and unpaid interest on March 29,
2021. During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company issued shares of its common stock and cash for fractional shares upon
the conversion of in aggregate principal amount of the 4.75 Convertible Senior Notes due 2023. Refer to Note 10 Debt
Capital Activities for more detail regarding conversion terms. 

At-the-Market
Offering 

On
July 29, 2020, the Company entered into an At-the-Market Sales Agreement, dated July 29, 2020 (the Initial Sales Agreement ),
with BTIG, LLC, JMP Securities LLC and Ladenburg Thalmann Co., Inc. (collectively, the Agents ). Under the Initial
Sales Agreement, the Company may, but has no obligation to, issue and sell up to million in aggregate amount of shares of its common
stock (the Shares from time to time through the Agents or to them as principal for their own account (the ATM Program ).
On September 23, 2020, the Company increased the maximum amount of Shares to be sold through the ATM Program to million from 
million. In connection with the upsize of the ATM Program to million, the Company entered into Amendment No. 1 to the At-the-Market
Sales Agreement, dated September 23, 2020, with the Agents (the Amendment No. 1 to the Sales Agreement, and together with
the Initial Sales Agreement, the Sales Agreement ). The Company intends to use the net proceeds from the ATM Program to
make investments in portfolio companies in accordance with its investment objective and strategy and for general corporate purposes. 

SURO
CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 December
31, 2022 

Sales
of the Shares, if any, will be made by any method that is deemed to be an at-the-market offering as defined in Rule 415
under the Securities Act, including sales made directly on the Nasdaq Global Select Market or sales made to or through a market maker
other than on an exchange, at market prices prevailing at the time of sale, at prices related to prevailing market prices or at other
negotiated prices. Actual sales in the ATM Program will depend on a variety of factors to be determined by the Company from time to time. 

The
Agents will receive a commission from the Company equal to up to of the gross sales price of any Shares sold through the Agents
under the Sales Agreement and reimbursement of certain expenses. The Sales Agreement contains customary representations, warranties and
agreements of the Company, conditions to closing, indemnification rights and obligations of the parties and termination provisions. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued and sold shares under the ATM Program at a weighted-average
price of per share, for gross proceeds of and net proceeds of , after deducting commissions to the Agents on
Shares sold. As of December 31, 2022, up to approximately million in aggregate amount of the Shares remain available for sale under
the ATM Program. 

Weighted-average common shares basic 

Earnings per common share basic 

Earnings per common share diluted: 

Net change in net assets resulting from operations 

Adjustment for interest and amortization on 4.75 Convertible Senior Notes due 2023 (1) 

Net change in net assets resulting from operations, as adjusted 

Adjustment for dilutive effect of 4.75 Convertible Senior Notes due 2023 (1) 

Weighted-average common shares outstanding diluted 

Earnings per common share diluted 

(1) 

and , respectively, in non-binding investment agreements that required it to make a future investment in a portfolio company. 

From
time to time, the Company may be a party to certain legal proceedings in the ordinary course of business, including proceedings relating
to the enforcement of its rights under contracts with its portfolio companies. While the outcome of these legal proceedings cannot be
predicted with certainty, the Company does not expect that these proceedings will have a material effect upon its business, financial
condition or results of operations. The Company is not currently a party to any material legal proceedings. 

SURO
CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 December
31, 2022 

Operating
Leases Related Deposits 

The
Company currently has one operating lease for office space for which the Company has recorded a right-of-use asset and lease liability
for the operating lease obligation. The lease commenced June 3, 2019 and expires . The lease expense is presented as a single
lease cost that is amortized on a straight-line basis over the life of the lease. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company booked a right-of-use asset and operating lease liability of and ,
respectively, on the Consolidated Statement of Assets and Liabilities. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company recorded
a security deposit of and , respectively, on the Consolidated Statement of Assets and Liabilities. For the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company incurred and , respectively, of operating lease expense. The amounts reflected
on the Consolidated Statement of Assets and Liabilities have been discounted using the rate implicit in the lease. As of December 31,
2022, the remaining lease term was years and the discount rate was . 

2024 

SURO
CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 December
31, 2022 

Net investment loss (1) 

Net realized gain/(loss) on investments (1) 

Realized loss on partial repurchase of 5.25 Convertible Senior Notes due 2018 (1) 

Net change in unrealized appreciation/(depreciation) of investments (1) 

Benefit from taxes on unrealized depreciation of investments (1) 

Dividends declared 

Issuance of common stock from stock dividend 

Issuance of common stock from public offering (1) 

Issuance of common stock from conversion of 4.75 Convertible Notes due 2023 (1) 

Repurchase of common stock (1) 

Stock-based compensation (1) 

Net asset value at end of year 

Per share market value at end of year 

Total return based on market value (2) 

Total return based on net asset value (2) 

Shares outstanding at end of year 

Ratios/Supplemental Data: 

Net assets at end of year 

Average net assets 

Ratio of gross operating expenses to average net assets (3) 

Ratio of incentive fee waiver to average net assets 

Ratio of management fee waiver to average net assets 

Ratio of income tax provision to average net assets 

Ratio of net operating expenses to average net assets (3) 

Ratio of net investment loss to average net assets (3) 

Portfolio Turnover Ratio 

(1) 

(2) 

(3) 
 of non-recurring expenses. For the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company excluded of non-recurring expenses.
For the year ended December 31, 2019, the Company excluded of non-recurring expenses. For the year ended December 31, 2018, the Company excluded of non-recurring expenses.
Because the ratios are calculated for the Company s common stock taken as a whole, an individual investor s ratios may vary
from these ratios. 

SURO
CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 December
31, 2022 

of its investment company taxable income, as defined by the Code
and determined without regard to any deduction for distributions paid, to its stockholders. The amount to be paid out as a distribution
is determined by the Board of Directors each quarter and is based upon the annual earnings estimated by the management of the Company.
To the extent that the Company s earnings fall below the amount of dividend distributions declared, however, a portion of the total
amount of the Company s distributions for the fiscal year may be deemed a return of capital for tax purposes to the Company s
stockholders. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company declared distributions of per share. The determination of the tax attributes of the
Company s distributions is made annually as of the end of the Company s taxable year generally based upon its taxable income
for the full taxable year and distributions paid for the full taxable year. As a result, a determination made on a by-dividend basis
may not be representative of the actual tax attributes of the Company s distributions for a full taxable year. If the Company had
determined the tax attributes of our distributions taxable year-to-date as of December 31, 2022, would be from net realized investment
gains. However, there can be no certainty to stockholders that this determination is representative of what the actual tax attributes
of the Company s fiscal year of 2022 distributions to stockholders will be. 

As
a RIC, the Company will be subject to a nondeductible U.S. federal excise tax on certain undistributed income unless the Company makes
distributions treated as dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes in a timely manner to its stockholders in respect of each calendar
year of an amount at least equal to the sum of . The Company will not be subject to this excise tax on any amount on which
the Company incurred U.S. federal corporate income tax (such as the tax imposed on a RIC s retained net capital gains). 

Depending
on the level of taxable income earned in a taxable year, the Company may choose to carry over taxable income in excess of current taxable
year distributions from such taxable income into the next taxable year and incur a excise tax on such taxable income, as required.
The maximum amount of excess taxable income that may be carried over for distribution in the next taxable year under the Code is the
total amount of distributions paid in the following taxable year, subject to certain declaration and payment guidelines. To the extent
the Company chooses to carry over taxable income into the next taxable year, distributions declared and paid by the Company in a taxable
year may differ from the Company s taxable income for that taxable year as such distributions may include the distribution of current
taxable year taxable income, the distribution of prior taxable year taxable income carried over into and distributed in the current taxable
year, or returns of capital. 

The
Company has taxable subsidiaries which hold certain portfolio investments in an effort to limit potential legal liability and/or comply
with source-income type requirements contained in the RIC tax provisions of the Code. These taxable subsidiaries are consolidated for
GAAP and the portfolio investments held by the taxable subsidiaries are included in the Company s consolidated financial statements
and are recorded at fair value. These taxable subsidiaries are not consolidated with the Company for income tax purposes and may generate
income tax expense, or benefit, and tax assets and liabilities as a result of their ownership of certain portfolio investments. Any income
generated by these taxable subsidiaries generally would be subject to tax at normal corporate tax rates based on its taxable income. 

SURO
CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 December
31, 2022 

The
Company intends to timely distribute to its stockholders substantially all of its annual taxable income for each year, except that it
may retain certain net capital gains for reinvestment and, depending upon the level of taxable income earned in a year, may choose to
carry forward taxable income for distribution in the following year and pay any applicable U.S. federal excise tax. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company recorded a deferred tax liability of . The Company is required to include net
deferred tax provision/benefit in calculating its total expenses even though these net deferred taxes are not currently payable/receivable.
Taxable income generally differs from net income for financial reporting purposes due to temporary and permanent differences in the recognition
of income and expenses, and generally excludes net unrealized appreciation or depreciation, as such gains or losses are not included
in taxable income until they are realized. 

For
U.S. federal and state income tax purposes, a portion of the Taxable Subsidiaries net operating loss carryforwards and basis differences
may be subject to limitations on annual utilization in case of a change in ownership, as defined by federal and state law. The amount
of such limitations, if any, has not been determined. Accordingly, the amount of such tax attributes available to offset future profits
may be significantly less than the actual amounts of the tax attributes. 

The
Company and the Taxable Subsidiaries identified their major tax jurisdictions as U.S. federal, New York, and California and may be subject
to the taxing authorities examination for the tax years 2019 2022 and 2018 2022, respectively. Further, the Company
and the Taxable Subsidiaries accrue all interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions as incurred. As of December 31, 2022,
there were no material interest or penalties incurred related to uncertain tax positions. 

Permanent
differences between ICTI and net investment income for financial reporting purposes are reclassified among capital accounts in the consolidated
financial statements to reflect their tax character. Differences in classification may also result from the treatment of short-term gains
as ordinary income for tax purposes. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company reclassified for book purposes amounts
arising from permanent book/tax differences related as follows: 

Accumulated undistributed net investment loss 

Accumulated net realized gains from investments 

For
income tax purposes, distributions paid to stockholders are reported as ordinary income, return of capital, long term capital gains or
a combination thereof. The tax character of distributions declared in the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 was as follows: 

Return of capital 

Distributions on a tax basis 

For
federal income tax purposes, the tax cost of investments owned at December 31, 2022 and 2021, was and , respectively.
The gross unrealized appreciation and gross unrealized depreciation on investments owned at December 31, 2022 was and ,
respectively, and on investments owned at December 31, 2021 was and , respectively. The net unrealized appreciation/(depreciation)
on investments owned at December 31, 2022 and 2021, was ) and , respectively. 

SURO
CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 December
31, 2022 

At
December 31, 2022 and 2021, the components of distributable earnings on a tax basis detailed below differ from the amounts reflected
in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities by temporary and other book/tax differences, primarily relating
to the tax treatment of certain investments in partnerships and wholly-owned subsidiary corporations, and organizational expenses, as
follows: 

Accumulated net realized gains/(losses) on investments 

Unrealized appreciation/(depreciation) 

Components of distributable earnings at year end 

million aggregate principal amount of its 6.00 Notes due 2026 (the 6.00 Notes due
2026 ), pursuant to an Indenture, dated as of (the Base Indenture ), between the Company and U.S. Bank
Trust Company, National Association (as successor in interest to U.S. Bank National Association), as trustee (the Trustee ),
as supplemented by a second supplemental indenture, dated as of December 17, 2021 (together with the Base Indenture, the Indenture ),
between the Company and the Trustee. On December 21, 2021, the Company issued an additional million aggregate principal amount of
6.00 Notes due 2026 pursuant to an overallotment option. The 6.00 Notes due 2026 bear interest at a fixed rate of per year, The 6.00 Notes
due 2026 have a maturity date of December 30, 2026, unless previously repurchased in accordance with their terms. of the outstanding principal amount of the 6.00 Notes due 2026 plus accrued and unpaid interest. 

The
6.00 Notes due 2026 are direct unsecured obligations of the Company and rank pari passu , or equal in right of payment, with all
outstanding and future unsecured, unsubordinated indebtedness of the Company; senior to any of the Company s future indebtedness
that expressly provides it is subordinated to the 6.00 Notes due 2026; effectively subordinated to any of the Company s future
secured indebtedness (including indebtedness that is initially unsecured in respect of which the Company subsequently grants a security
interest), to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness (provided, however, that the Company has agreed under
the Indenture to not incur any secured or unsecured indebtedness that would be senior to the 6.00 Notes due 2026 while the 6.00 Notes
due 2026 are outstanding, subject to certain exceptions); and structurally subordinated to all existing and future indebtedness and other
obligations of any of the Company s subsidiaries. 

The
6.00 Notes due 2026 are listed for trading on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol SSSSL . The reported closing
market price of SSSSL on December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 was and per note, respectively. As of December 31, 2022
and December 31, 2021, the fair value of the 6.00 Notes due 2026 was million and million, respectively. The 6.00 Notes
due 2026 are classified as Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy (Refer to Note 2 Significant Accounting Policies ).
As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company was in compliance with the terms of the Indenture. 

SURO
CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 December
31, 2022 

4.75 
Convertible Senior Notes due 2023 

On
March 28, 2018, the Company issued million aggregate principal amount of convertible senior notes, which bore interest at a fixed
rate of per year, .
The 4.75 Convertible Senior Notes due 2023 had a maturity date of (the 4.75 Convertible Senior Notes due 2023 ),
unless previously repurchased or converted in accordance with their terms. 

All
of these conditions were met and on February 19, 2021, the Company caused notices to be issued to the holders of the 4.75 Convertible
Senior Notes due 2023 regarding the Company s exercise of its option to redeem, in whole, the issued and outstanding 4.75 Convertible
Senior Notes due 2023, pursuant to the governing indenture. per
convertible note), plus the accrued and unpaid interest thereon from September 30, 2020, through, but excluding, the Redemption Date.
Holders of the 4.75 Convertible Senior Notes due 2023 had the option to surrender their 4.75 Convertible Senior Notes due 2023 for
conversion into shares of the Company s common stock at the then existing conversion rate, in lieu of receiving cash, at any time
prior to the close of business on the business day immediately preceding the Redemption Date. 

On
the Redemption Date, the Company redeemed million in aggregate principal amount of the 4.75 Convertible Senior Notes due 2023 at
a redemption price equal to of their principal amount per convertible note), plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon. Due
to the election of certain holders to surrender their 4.75 Convertible Senior Notes due 2023 for conversion into shares of the Company s
common stock prior to the Redemption Date, the Company issued a total of shares since the 4.75 Convertible Senior Notes due
2023 were initially issued. As result of such redemption and conversions, the 4.75 Convertible Senior Notes due 2023 were no longer
outstanding as of the Redemption Date. 

The
initial conversion rate for the 4.75 Convertible Senior Notes due 2023 was shares of the Company s common stock for each
 principal amount of the 4.75 Convertible Senior Notes due 2023, which represented an initial conversion price of approximately
 per share. As a result of the Company s Modified Dutch Auction Tender Offer and cash dividends, the conversion rate for
the 4.75 Convertible Senior Notes due 2023 changed to shares of the Company s common stock for each principal
amount of the 4.75 Convertible Senior Notes due 2023, which represented a conversion price of approximately per share. 

The
indenture governing the 4.75 Convertible Senior Notes due 2023 contained customary financial reporting requirements and contained certain
restrictions on mergers, consolidations, and asset sales. The indenture also contained certain events of default, the occurrence of which
could have caused the 4.75 Convertible Senior Notes due 2023 to become due and payable before their maturity or immediately. 

During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued shares
of its common stock and cash for fractional shares upon the conversion of approximately million in aggregate principal amount of
the 4.75 Convertible Senior Notes due 2023. The Company also redeemed approximately million of aggregate principal amount for cash
plus accrued and unpaid interest on March 29, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company issued shares of its
common stock and cash for fractional shares upon the conversion of in aggregate principal amount of the 4.75 Convertible Senior
Notes due 2023. 

SURO
CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 December
31, 2022 

Conversion of 4.75 Convertible Senior Notes due 2023 

Redemption of 4.75 Convertible Senior Notes due 2023 

Direct deduction of deferred debt issuance costs 

4.75 Convertible Senior Notes due 2023 Payable 

The
4.75 Convertible Senior Notes due 2023 were the Company s general, unsecured, senior obligations and ranked senior in right of
payment to any future indebtedness that was expressly subordinated in right of payment to the 4.75 Convertible Senior Notes due 2023,
equal in right of payment to any existing and future unsecured indebtedness that was not so subordinated to the 4.75 Convertible Senior
Notes due 2023, effectively junior to any future secured indebtedness to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness,
and structurally junior to all future indebtedness (including trade payables) incurred by the Company s subsidiaries. 

In
connection with the issuance of the 4.75 Convertible Senior Notes due 2023, the Company was required under the terms of its credit facility
with Western Alliance Bank (the Credit Facility to deposit any proceeds from the 4.75 Convertible Senior Notes due 2023
offering into an account at Western Alliance Bank and was required to maintain at least million (or such lesser amount to the extent
such funds are used to repay or repurchase a portion of the outstanding 5.25 Convertible Senior Notes due 2018 prior to their maturity
and repayment in full) in an account at Western Alliance Bank until such time as the 5.25 Convertible Senior Notes due 2018 were repaid
in full. The 5.25 Convertible Senior Notes due 2018 matured on , at which time the Company repaid the remaining outstanding
aggregate principal amount of the 5.25 Convertible Senior Notes due 2018, including accrued but unpaid interest. In addition, the Credit
Facility with Western Alliance Bank matured on . As a result, the company is no longer subject to such requirements. 

shares of our common stock. Under the 2019 Equity Incentive
Plan, the exercise price of awards would be set on the grant date and could not be less than the fair market value per share on such
date, however, that in the case of an incentive stock option granted to an employee who, at the time of the grant of such option, owned
stock representing more than ten percent of the voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or the Company s present
or future parent or subsidiary corporations, as defined in Section 424(e) or (f) of the Code, or other Affiliates the employees of which
were eligible to receive incentive stock options under the Code (the 10 Shareholders ), the exercise price per share would
be no less than one hundred ten percent (110 of the fair market value per share on the date of grant. The fair market value would be
the closing price of the shares on Nasdaq on the date of grant. 

On
July 17, 2019, stock options providing the right to purchase up to shares were granted under the 2019 Equity Incentive Plan
with an exercise price equal to the market price of our common stock at the grant date. of 
years with 1/3 vesting immediately on the grant date, 1/3 vesting on July 17, 2020, and the remaining 1/3 vesting on July 17, 2021. 

Cancellation
of Stock Option Awards Under 2019 Equity Incentive Plan 

On
April 28, 2020, all stock option awards granted under the 2019 Equity Incentive Plan were canceled for no payment pursuant to an option
cancellation agreement (the Option Cancellation Agreement ). As a result, there are no stock option awards outstanding under
the 2019 Equity Incentive Plan. In accordance with FASB ASC 718, Compensation Stock Compensation ASC 718 all unrecognized compensation cost related to still unvested shares was recognized as of the date of cancellation. For more information,
including a description of the Option Cancellation Agreement, please refer to our current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April
29, 2020. Such description of the Option Cancellation Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference to the text of such Option
Cancellation Agreement filed as Exhibit 10.3 to our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2020 filed with the
SEC on May 8, 2020. 

SURO
CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 December
31, 2022 

The
Company follows ASC 718 to account for stock options granted. Under ASC 718, compensation expense associated with stock-based compensation
is measured at the grant date based on the fair value of the award and is recognized over the vesting period. Determining the appropriate
fair value model and calculating the fair value of stock-based awards at the grant date requires judgment, including estimating stock
price volatility, forfeiture rate, and expected option life. The time-based options granted on July 17, 2019 were ascribed a weighted-average
fair value of per share. The fair value of options granted under the 2019 Equity Incentive Plan was based upon a Black Scholes
option pricing model using the assumptions in the following table: 

Volatility 

Risk-free rate 

Dividend yield 

Cancelled 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Outstanding 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Vested and Exercisable as of December 31, 2019 

Outstanding 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Cancelled 

Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 
 - 
 - 

As
of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there was 
 of total unrecognized compensation cost related
to non-vested stock options granted under the 2019 Equity Incentive Plan, as the options were cancelled effective April 28, 2020. 

Amended
and Restated 2019 Equity Incentive Plan 

On
June 19, 2020, our Board of Directors adopted, and our stockholders approved, an amendment and restatement of the Company s 2019
Equity Incentive Plan (the Amended Restated 2019 Equity Incentive Plan under which the Company is authorized to
grant equity awards for up to shares of its common stock. In accordance with the exemptive relief granted to the Company by
the SEC on June 16, 2020 with respect to the Amended Restated 2019 Equity Incentive Plan, the Company is generally authorized to
(i) issue restricted shares as part of the compensation package for certain of its employees, officers and all directors, including non-employee
directors (collectively, the Participants ), (ii) issue options to acquire shares of its common stock Options to certain employees, officers and employee directors as a part of such compensation packages, (iii) withhold shares of the Company s
common stock or purchase shares of common stock from the Participants to satisfy tax withholding obligations relating to the vesting
of restricted shares or the exercise of Options granted to the certain Participants pursuant to the Amended Restated 2019 Equity
Incentive Plan, and (iv) permit the Participants to pay the exercise price of Options granted to them with shares of the Company s
common stock. 

Under
the Amended Restated 2019 Equity Incentive Plan, each non-employee director will receive an annual grant of worth of restricted
shares of common stock (based on the closing stock price of the common stock on the grant date). Each grant of in restricted
shares will vest, in full, if the non-employee director is in continuous service as a director of the Company through the anniversary
of such grant (or, if earlier, the annual meeting of the Company s stockholders that is closest to the anniversary of such grant). 

SURO
CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 December
31, 2022 

Other
than such restricted shares granted to non-employee directors, the Company s Compensation Committee may determine the time or times
at which Options and restricted shares granted to other Participants will vest or become payable or exercisable, as applicable. The exercise
price of each Option will not be less than 100 of the fair market value of the Company s common stock on the date the option is
granted. However, any optionee who owns more than 10 of the combined voting power of all classes of the Company s outstanding
common stock (a 10 Stockholder ), will not be eligible for the grant of an incentive stock option unless the exercise price
of the incentive stock option is at least 110 of the fair market value of the Company s common stock on the date of grant. Generally,
no Option will be exercisable after the expiration of ten years from the date of grant. In the case of an Option granted to a 10 Stockholder,
the term of an incentive stock option will be for no more than five years from the date of grant. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company granted restricted shares to the Company s officers pursuant to the Amended
 Restated 2019 Equity Incentive Plan. These restricted shares have a vesting period of years. The Company determined that the
fair values, based on the grant date close price of such restricted shares granted under the Amended Restated 2019 Equity Incentive
Plan during the year ended December 31, 2022 were approximately in the aggregate. On July 2, 2021, restricted shares
related to the 2020 non-employee director grants vested. The Company expensed the full value of restricted stock compensation related
to annual non-employee director grants on the vesting date. On June 1, 2022, restricted shares related to the 2021 non-employee
director grants vested. 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we recognized stock-based compensation expense of 
and , respectively. As of December 31, 2022
there were approximately of
total unrecognized compensation costs related to the restricted share grants. Compensation expense associated with the restricted
shares is recognized on a quarterly basis over the respective vesting periods. 

Granted 

Vested (1) 

Forfeited 

Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 

Vested as of December 31, 2022 

(1) 

The
Amended Restated 2019 Equity Incentive Plan provides for the concept of net share settlement. Specifically, it provides
that the Company is authorized to withhold the Common Stock at the time the restricted shares are vested and taxed in satisfaction of
the Participant s tax obligations. On June 16, 2020, the Company received exemptive relief from the SEC to permit such withholding
of shares. 

SURO
CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 December
31, 2022 

Kahoot! ASA (4) 

NewLake Capital Partners, Inc. (f/k/a GreenAcreage Real Estate Corp.) (5) 

Residential Homes For Rent, LLC (d/b/a Second Avenue) (6) 
 
 N/A 
 N/A 

Total 

(1) 

(2) 

(3) 

(4) 
 common shares of Kahoot! ASA. 
 
 (5) 
 common shares of NewLake Capital Partners, Inc. (f/k/a GreenAcreage Real Estate Corp.) 
 
 (6) 
 million has been received from Residential Homes for Rent, LLC (d/b/a Second Avenue) related to the 
 term loan due . Of the proceeds received, million repaid a portion of the outstanding principal and the remaining
 proceeds were attributed to interest. 

Total 

(1) 

The
Company is frequently in negotiations with various private companies with respect to investments in such companies. Investments in private
companies are generally subject to satisfaction of applicable closing conditions. In the case of secondary market transactions, such
closing conditions may include approval of the issuer, waiver or failure to exercise rights of first refusal by the issuer and/or its
stockholders and termination rights by the seller or the Company. Equity investments made through the secondary market may involve making
deposits in escrow accounts until the applicable closing conditions are satisfied, at which time the escrow accounts will close and such
equity investments will be effectuated. From January 1, 2023 through March 15, 2023, the Company had million in non-binding investment
agreements that required it to make a future investment in a portfolio company. 

SURO
CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 December
31, 2022 

Notice of Terminating Custody Agreements 

On March 10, 2023, the Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National
Association (the Custodian and U.S. Bank National Association (the Document Custodian 
and, together with the Custodian, the U.S. Bank Entities agreed to terminate, effective as of May 9, 2023 or such
later date as the parties mutually agree, the Custody Agreement, dated as of October 28, 2022, between the Company and the Custodian
(the Securities Custody Agreement ), and the Document Custody Agreement, dated as of October 28, 2022, between the
Company and the Document Custodian (the Document Custody Agreement and, together with the Securities Custody
Agreement, the Custody Agreements ). The Company has commenced a transition process with the U.S. Bank Entities, and
are currently in discussions with a number of reputable qualified custodians that it expects will be able to fulfill the
Company s needs in providing the custodial services currently provided by the U.S. Bank Entities without disruption. The
termination of the Custody Agreements followed a determination by the parties that the arrangements set forth by the Custody
Agreements were no longer mutually beneficial. The Company does not believe that such termination will have a material adverse
impact on its operations or financial condition. See Item 9B. Other Information of this Form 10-K for additional
information. 

SURO
CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 December
31, 2022 

Total Operating Expenses 

Net Investment Loss 

Net Realized Gain/(Loss) on Investments 

Net Change in Unrealized Appreciation/(Depreciation) of Investments 

Net Increase/(Decrease) in Net Assets Resulting from Operations 

Net Increase/(Decrease) in Net Assets from Operations per Common Share: 

Basic 

Diluted 

Weighted Average Common Shares Outstanding Basic 

Weighted Average Common Shares Outstanding Diluted 

December 31, 2021 
 September 30, 2021 
 June 30, 2021 
 March 31, 2021 

Quarter Ended 

December 31, 2021 
 September 30, 2021 
 June 30, 2021 
 March 31, 2021 
 
 Total Investment Income 

Total Operating Expenses 

Net Investment Loss 

Net Realized Gain on Investments 

Net Change in Unrealized Appreciation/(Depreciation) of Investments 

Net Increase/(Decrease) in Net Assets Resulting from Operations 

Net Increase/(Decrease) in Net Assets from Operations per Common Share: 

Basic 

Diluted 

Weighted Average Common Shares Outstanding Basic 

Weighted Average Common Shares Outstanding Diluted 

SURO
CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 December
31, 2022 

December 31, 2020 
 September 30, 2020 
 June 30, 2020 
 March 31, 2020 

Quarter Ended 

December 31, 2020 
 September 30, 2020 
 June 30, 2020 
 March 31, 2020 
 
 Total Investment Income 

Total Operating Expenses 

Net Investment Loss 

Net Realized Gain/(Loss) on Investments 

Net Change in Unrealized Appreciation/(Depreciation) of Investments 

Net Increase/(Decrease) in Net Assets Resulting from Operations 

Net Increase/(Decrease) in Net Assets from Operations per Common Share: 

Basic 

Diluted 

Weighted Average Common Shares Outstanding Basic 

Weighted Average Common Shares Outstanding Diluted 

SURO
CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 December
31, 2022 

125 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 

(a)
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

As
of December 31, 2022, our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness
of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange
Act). Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures
were effective and provided reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in our periodic SEC filings is recorded, processed,
summarized and reported within the time periods specified by the SEC and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our
management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow for timely decisions regarding
required disclosure. However, in evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures,
no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and management
necessarily is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of such possible controls and procedures. 

(b)
Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined
in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act, and for performing an assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting
as of December 31, 2022. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our principal
executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance
of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; (ii) provide reasonable
assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of consolidated financial statements in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management
and directors, as applicable; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition,
use, or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore, even those
systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation.
Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because
of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Management
performed an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based upon criteria
in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). Based on this assessment, management determined that our internal control over financial reporting was effective
as of December 31, 2022. 

This
annual report does not include an attestation report of the Company s registered public accounting firm pursuant to the rules of
the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

(c)
Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

There
have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange
Act) that occurred during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information 

Item
 1.02 Termination of Material Definitive Agreement 

On March 10, 2023, the Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association
(the Custodian and U.S. Bank National Association (the Document Custodian and, together with the Custodian,
the U.S. Bank Entities agreed to terminate, effective as of May 9, 2023 or such later date as the parties mutually agree,
the Custody Agreement, dated as of October 28, 2022, between the Company and the Custodian (the Securities Custody Agreement ),
and the Document Custody Agreement, dated as of October 28, 2022, between the Company and the Document Custodian (the Document
Custody Agreement and, together with the Securities Custody Agreement, the Custody Agreements ). We have commenced
a transition process with the U.S. Bank Entities, and we are currently in discussions with a number of reputable qualified custodians
that we expect will be able to fulfill the Company s needs in providing the custodial services currently provided by the U.S. Bank
Entities without disruption. The termination of the Custody Agreements followed a determination by the parties that the arrangements set
forth by the Custody Agreements were no longer mutually beneficial. We do not believe that such termination will have a material adverse
impact on our operations or financial condition. 

Under the Custody Agreement, the Securities Custodian holds all of our
portfolio securities and cash and transfers such securities or cash pursuant to Proper Instructions (as such term is defined under the
Custody Agreement). Under the Document Custody Agreement, the Document Custodian holds all of our documents evidencing certain investments
and transfer such documents pursuant to Proper Instructions (as such term is defined under the Document Custody Agreement). No termination
or other fees are payable in connection with the termination of the Custody Agreements. 

The foregoing description of the Custody Agreements is a summary only and
is qualified in all respects by the provisions of the Securities Custody Agreement and the Document Custody Agreement, copies of which
are filed as Exhibit 10.1 and 10.2, respectively, to our Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00852), filed with the SEC on November
1, 2022. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

Not
applicable. 

126 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART
III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

The
information required by Item 10 will be contained in the 2023 Proxy Statement, to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after December
31, 2022, and is incorporated herein by reference. There have been no material changes to the procedures by which stockholders may recommend
nominees to our Board of Directors. 

We
have adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics for our employees and directors, including, specifically, our Chief Executive Officer,
our Chief Financial Officer, and our other executive officers. Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics satisfies the requirements for
a code of ethics within the meaning of SEC rules. A copy of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is posted on our website
at https://investors.surocap.com/corporate-governance . We intend to disclose any changes in, or waivers from, the Code of Business
Conduct and Ethics by posting such information on the same website or by filing a Form 8-K, in each case to the extent such disclosure
is required by rules of the SEC or NASDAQ. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 

The
information required by Item 11 will be contained in the 2023 Proxy Statement, to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after December
31, 2022, and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The
information required by Item 12 will be contained in the 2023 Proxy Statement, to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after December
31, 2022, and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

The
information required by Item 13 will be contained in the 2023 Proxy Statement, to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after December
31, 2022, and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

The
information required by Item 14 will be contained in the 2023 Proxy Statement, to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after December
31, 2022, and is incorporated herein by reference. 

127 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

The
following documents are filed or incorporated by reference as part of this annual report on Form 10-K: 

(1) Financial
 Statements Refer to Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K, which are incorporated herein
 by reference. 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 72 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 73 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 74 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 75 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 76 
 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments as of December 31, 2022 
 77 
 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments as of December 31, 2021 
 82 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 87 

(2) Financial
 Statement Schedules None. We have omitted financial statement schedules because they
 are not required or are not applicable, or the required information is shown in the financial
 statements or notes to the financial statements. 

(3) Exhibits 

The
following exhibits are filed as part of this report or hereby incorporated by reference to exhibits previously filed with the SEC: 

3.1 
 Articles of Amendment and Restatement (1) 
 
 3.2 
 Articles of Amendment (2) 
 
 3.3 
 Articles of Amendment (3) 
 
 3.4 
 Articles of Amendment (4) 
 
 3.5 
 Second Amended and Restated Bylaws (4) 
 
 4.1 
 Form of Common Stock Certificate (5) 
 
 4.2 
 Base Indenture, dated March 28, 2018, by and between the Registrant and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (6) 
 
 4.3 
 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated December 17, 2021, relating to the 6.00 Notes due 2026, by and between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (7) 
 
 4.4 
 Form of 6.00 Notes due 2026 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3) (7) 
 
 4.5 
 Description of Securities (8) 
 
 10.1 
 Dividend Reinvestment Plan (1) 
 
 10.2 
 SuRo Capital Corp. Amended and Restated 2019 Equity Incentive Plan (9) 
 
 10.3 
 Form of SuRo Capital Corp. Restricted Stock Agreement (Non-Employee Directors) (9) 
 
 10.4 
 Form of SuRo Capital Corp. Restricted Stock Agreement (Employees and Officers) (9) 
 
 10.5 
 Form of SuRo Capital Corp. Non-Qualified Stock Option Award (9) 
 
 10.6 
 Custody Agreement dated April 14, 2011 by and between the Registrant and U.S. Bank National Association (10) 
 
 10.7 
 Custody Agreement, dated October 28, 2022, by and between the Registrant and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Custodian. (11) 
 
 10.8 
 Document Custody Agreement, dated October 28, 2022, by and between the Registrant and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Document Custodian. (11) 
 
 10.9 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement by and between the Company and each of its directors (1) 
 
 10.10 
 Second Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated April 26, 2021, by and between Sutter Rock Capital Corp. and Mark D. Klein (12) 
 
 10.11 
 Second Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated April 26, 2021, by and between Sutter Rock Capital Corp. and Allison Green (12) 
 
 10.12 
 Amendment No. 1 to Second Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated March 10, 2022, by and between SuRo Capital Corp. and Allison Green (8) 
 
 10.13 
 At-the-Market Sales Agreement dated as of July 29, 2020, by and among SuRo Capital Corp., BTIG LLC, JMP Securities LLC, and Ladenburg Thalmann Co., Inc. (13) 
 
 10.14 
 Amendment No.1 to the At-the-Market Sales Agreement, dated as of September 23, 2020, by and among SuRo Capital Corp., BTIG LLC, JMP Securities LLC, and Ladenburg Thalmann Co., Inc. (14) 
 
 14.1 
 Code of Ethics 
 
 14.2 
 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (15) 
 
 21.1 
 List of Subsidiaries (Included in the notes to the consolidated financial statements contained in this report) 
 
 23.1 
 Consent of Marcum LLP 
 
 31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 
 
 31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 
 
 32.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 99.1 
 Report of Marcum LLP regarding the Senior Securities table 
 
 99.2 
 Report of Deloitte Touche LLP regarding the Senior Securities table (6) 

101.INS 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

(1) 
 Previously
 filed in connection with Pre-Effective Amendment No. 2 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-171578),
 filed on March 30, 2011, and incorporated by reference herein. 

128 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

(2) 
 Previously
 filed in connection with the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00852), filed on June 1, 2011, and incorporated
 by reference herein. 

(3) 
 Previously
 filed in connection with the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00852) filed on August 1, 2019, and incorporated
 by reference herein. 

(4)
 
 Previously
 filed in connection with the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00852) filed on June 16, 2020, and incorporated
 by reference herein. 

(5)
 
 Previously
 filed in connection with Pre-Effective Amendment No. 3 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-175655),
 filed on September 20, 2011, and incorporated by reference herein. 

(6)
 
 Previously
 filed in connection with the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-239681), filed on July 2, 2020 and
 incorporated by reference herein. 

(7)
 
 Previously
 filed in connection with the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00852) filed on December 17, 2021 and incorporated
 by reference herein. 

(8) 
 Previously filed in connection with the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 814-00852) filed
on March 11, 2022 and incorporated by reference herein. 

(9) 
 Previously
 filed in connection with the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File No. 333-239662) filed on July 2, 2020, and
 incorporated by reference herein. 

(10)
 
 Previously
 filed in connection with Pre-Effective Amendment No. 3 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-171578),
 filed on April 15, 2011, and incorporated by reference herein. 

(11)
 
 Previously
 filed in connection with the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00852) filed on November 1, 2022, and incorporated
 by reference herein. 

(12)
 
 Previously
 filed in connection with the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 814-00852), filed on May 6, 2021 and incorporated
 by reference herein. 

(13) 
 Previously filed in connection with the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00852) filed on August 3, 2020 and incorporated
by reference herein. 

(14)
 
 Previously
 filed in connection with the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00852) filed on September 23, 2020 and incorporated
 by reference herein. 

(15) 
 Previously
 filed in connection with the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 814-00852), filed on March 13, 2020 and incorporated
 by reference herein. 

Filed
 herewith. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 

Not
applicable. 

129 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

SURO CAPITAL CORP. 

Date: 
 March
 16, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Mark D. Klein 

Mark
 D. Klein 

Chairman,
 President and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

Date: 
 March
 16, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Allison Green 

Allison
 Green 

Chief
 Financial Officer, Chief Compliance Officer, Treasurer, and Corporate Secretary 

(Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Date:
 March 16, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Mark D. Klein 

Mark
 D. Klein 

Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

Date:
 March 16, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Allison Green 

Allison
 Green 

Chief Financial
Officer, Chief Compliance Officer, 
 Treasurer, and Corporate Secretary 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Date:
 March 16, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Leonard A. Potter 

Leonard
 A. Potter 

Director 

Date:
 March 16, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Ronald M. Lott 

Ronald
 M. Lott 

Director 

Date:
 March 16, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Marc Mazur 

Marc
 Mazur 

Director 

Date:
 March 16, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Lisa Westley 

Lisa
 Westley 

Director 

130 

<EX-14.1>
 3
 ex14-1.htm

Exhibit
14.1 

CODE
OF ETHICS 

 FOR 

 SURO
CAPITAL CORP. 

Section
I. Statement of General Fiduciary Principles 

This
Code of Ethics (the Code has been adopted by SuRo Capital Corp. (the Corporation 
or SuRo Capital in compliance with Rule 17j-1 under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the
 Act ). The purpose of the Code is to establish standards and procedures for the detection and prevention of
activities by which persons having knowledge of the investments and investment intentions of the Corporation may abuse their fiduciary
duty to the Corporation, and otherwise to deal with the types of conflict of interest situations to which Rule 17j-1 under the Act Rule
17j-1 are appropriately to be addressed. 

The
Code is based on the principle that the directors, officers and employees of the Corporation who provide services to the Corporation
owe a fiduciary duty to the Corporation to conduct their personal securities transactions in a manner that does not interfere with the
Corporation s transactions or otherwise take unfair advantage of their relationship with the Corporation. All directors, officers
and employees of the Corporation Covered Persons are expected to adhere to this general principle as well
as to comply with all of the specific provisions of this Code applicable to them. In addition, all Covered Persons must comply with applicable
federal securities laws and must report violations of the Code to the Corporation s Chief Compliance Officer CCO ). 

Technical
compliance with the Code will not automatically insulate any Covered Person from scrutiny of transactions that show a pattern of compromise
or abuse of the individual s fiduciary duty to the Corporation. Accordingly, all Covered Persons must seek to avoid any actual
or potential conflicts between their personal interests and the interests of the Corporation and its stockholders. In sum, all Covered
Persons shall place the interests of the Corporation and its investors before their own personal interests. 

All
Covered Persons must read and retain this Code. 

Section
II. Definitions 

(A) 
 Access Person means any director,
employee, officer or Advisory Person (as defined below) of the Corporation. 

(B) 
 An Advisory Person of the Corporation
means: (i) any director, officer or employee of the Corporation or any company in a Control (as defined below) relationship to the Corporation
who, in connection with his or her regular functions or duties makes, participates in, or obtains information regarding the purchase
or sale of any Covered Security (as defined below) by the Corporation, or whose functions relate to the making of any recommendation
with respect to such purchases or sales; and (ii) any natural person in a Control relationship to the Corporation who obtains information
concerning recommendations made to the Corporation with regard to the purchase or sale of any Covered Security by the Corporation. 

(C) 
 Beneficial Ownership is interpreted
in the same manner as it would be under Rule 16a-1(a)(2) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act ), in determining whether a person is a beneficial owner of a security for purposes of Section 16 of the Exchange Act
and the rules and regulations thereunder. 

1 

(D) 
 CCO means the Chief Compliance
Officer of the Corporation. 

(E) 
 Control shall have the same meaning
as that set forth in Section 2(a)(9) of the Act, and generally means the power to exercise a controlling influence over the management
or policies of a company, unless such power is solely the result of an official position with such company. 

(F) 
 Covered Person means any director,
officer or employee (including a temporary employee) of the Corporation, or of any of the Corporation s affiliates or subsidiaries,
and any other persons so designated by the CCO. 

(G) 
 Covered Security means a security
as defined in Section 2(a)(36) of the Act, including: any note, stock, treasury stock, security future, bond, debenture, evidence of
indebtedness, certificate of interest or participation in any profit-sharing agreement, collateral-trust certificate, preorganization
certificate or subscription, transferable share, investment contract, voting-trust certificate, certificate of deposit for a security,
fractional undivided interest in oil, gas, or other mineral rights, any put, call, straddle, option, or privilege on any security (including
a certificate of deposit) or on any group or index of securities (including any interest therein or based on the value thereof), or any
put, call, straddle, option, or privilege entered into on a national securities exchange relating to foreign currency, or, in general,
any interest or instrument commonly known as a security, or any certificate of interest or participation in, temporary
or interim certificate for, receipt for, guarantee of, or warrant or right to subscribe to or purchase, any of the foregoing. 

Covered
Security does not include: (i) direct obligations of the Government of the United States; (ii) bankers acceptances,
bank certificates of deposit, commercial paper and high quality short-term debt instruments, including repurchase agreements; and (iii)
shares issued by open-end investment companies registered under the Act. References to a Covered Security in this Code e.g. ,
a prohibition or requirement applicable to the purchase or sale of a Covered Security) shall be deemed to refer to and to include any
warrant for, option in, or security immediately convertible into that Covered Security, and shall also include any instrument that has
an investment return or value that is based, in whole or in part, on that Covered Security (collectively, Derivatives ).
Therefore, except as otherwise specifically provided by this Code: (i) any prohibition or requirement of this Code applicable to the
purchase or sale of a Covered Security shall also be applicable to the purchase or sale of a Derivative relating to that Covered Security;
and (ii) any prohibition or requirement of this Code applicable to the purchase or sale of a Derivative shall also be applicable to the
purchase or sale of a Covered Security relating to that Derivative. 

(H) 
 Independent Director means a director
of the Corporation who is not an interested person of the Corporation within the meaning of Section 2(a)(19) of the Act. 

(I) 
 Initial Public Offering means an
offering of securities registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 1933 Act ), the issuer
of which, immediately before the registration, was not subject to the reporting requirements of Sections 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange
Act. 

(J) 
 Investment Persons of the Corporation
means: (i) any employee of the Corporation (or of any company in a Control relationship to the Corporation) who, in connection with his
or her regular functions or duties, makes or participates in making recommendations regarding the purchase or sale of securities by the
Corporation; and (ii) any natural person who controls the Corporation and who obtains information concerning recommendations made to
the Corporation regarding the purchase or sale of securities by the Corporation. 

2 

(K) 
 Limited Offering means an offering
that is exempt from registration under the 1933 Act pursuant to Section 4(2) or Section 4(6) thereof or pursuant to Rule 504, Rule 505,
or Rule 506 thereunder. 

(L) 
 Security Held or to be Acquired 
by the Corporation means: (i) any Covered Security which, within the most recent 15 days: (A) is or has been held by the Corporation;
or (B) is being or has been considered by the Corporation for purchase by the Corporation; and (ii) any option to purchase or sell, and
any security convertible into or exchangeable for, a Covered Security described in Section II(L)(i) above. 

(M) 
 Restricted List means the list
promulgated and periodically updated by the CCO, in consultation with the Corporation s Chief Investment Officer or his/her designee,
which lists all of the Covered Securities that (1) the Corporation has purchased or sold within the last 15 calendar days, or is purchasing
or selling or intends to purchase or sell within the next 15 calendar days; or that (2) the Corporation has within the last 15 calendar
days considered purchasing or selling. or within the next 15 calendar days intends to consider purchasing or selling. 

Section
III. Objective and General Prohibitions 

Covered
Persons may not engage in any investment transaction under circumstances in which the Covered Person benefits from or interferes with
the purchase or sale of investments by the Corporation. In addition, Covered Persons may not use information concerning the investments
or investment intentions of the Corporation, or their ability to influence such investment intentions, for personal gain or in a manner
detrimental to the interests of the Corporation. 

Covered
Persons may not engage in conduct that is deceitful, fraudulent or manipulative, or that involves false or misleading statements, in
connection with the purchase or sale of investments by the Corporation. In this regard, Covered Persons should recognize that Rule 17j-1
makes it unlawful for any affiliated person of the Corporation in connection with the purchase or sale, directly or indirectly, by the
person of a Security Held or to be Acquired by the Corporation to: 

(i) employ
 any device, scheme or artifice to defraud the Corporation or its investors; 

(ii) make
 any untrue statement of a material fact to the Corporation or its investors or omit to state
 to the Corporation or its investors a material fact necessary in order to make the statements
 made, in light of the circumstances under which they are made, not misleading; 

(iii) engage
 in any act, practice or course of business that operates or would operate as a fraud or deceit
 upon the Corporation or its investors; or 

(iv) engage
 in any manipulative practice with respect to the Corporation or its investors. 

Covered
Persons should also recognize that a violation of this Code or of Rule 17j-1 may result in the imposition of: (1) sanctions as provided
by Section VIII below; or (2) administrative, civil and, in certain cases, criminal fines, sanctions or penalties. 

Covered
Persons are required to comply with applicable federal securities laws. 

3 

Section
IV. Prohibited Transactions 

(A) An
 Access Person may not, without first obtaining pre-clearance approval, either from the CCO
 directly in writing (using the Pre-Clearance Request form attached as Schedule
 A, or such similar form as the CCO may hereafter approve (hereinafter, the Pre-Clearance
 Request Form )) or through the online reporting system, which is monitored and overseen
 by the CCO or his/her designees (the System ): 

(1) purchase
 or otherwise acquire direct or indirect Beneficial Ownership of any security on the Restricted
 List, or of any Covered Security concerning which he or she has material non-public information,
 regardless of whether that security is on the Restricted List; or 

(2) sell
 or otherwise dispose of direct or indirect Beneficial Ownership, of any security on the Restricted
 List, or of any Covered Security concerning which he or she has material non-public information,
 regardless of whether that security is on the Restricted List. 

(B) An
 Access Person may not purchase or otherwise acquire or sell or otherwise dispose of any direct
 or indirect Beneficial Ownership of the Corporation s securities without similarly
 first obtaining pre-clearance approval by the CCO directly in writing using the Pre-Clearance
 Request Form or online via the System. 

(C) Investment
 Persons of the Corporation must obtain pre-approval from the CCO before directly or indirectly
 acquiring Beneficial Ownership in any Covered Securities in an Initial Public Offering or
 in a Limited Offering. Such approval must be obtained from the CCO, either directly in writing
 using the Pre-Clearance Request Form, unless the person seeking such approval is the CCO,
 in which case pre-approval must be obtained from the Corporation s Chief Executive
 Officer using the Pre-Clearance Request Form. 

(D) No
 Access Person shall recommend any transaction in any Covered Securities by the Corporation
 without having disclosed to the CCO his or her interest, if any, in such Covered Securities
 or the issuer thereof, including: the Access Person s Beneficial Ownership of any Covered
 Securities of such issuer; any contemplated transaction by the Access Person in such Covered
 Securities; any position the Access Person (or any person to whom the Access Person is related,
 by blood or marriage, and is known) has with such issuer; and any present or proposed business
 relationship between such issuer and the Access Person (or a party in which the Access Person
 has a significant interest). 

Section
V. Reports by Access Persons 

(A) Initial and Annual Personal Securities Accounts and Holdings Reports . 

All
Access Persons shall within 10 days of the date on which they become Access Persons, and thereafter, within 30 days after the end of
each calendar year, disclose the title and type of security, and as applicable the exchange ticker symbol or CUSIP number, number of
shares, and principal amount of all Covered Securities in which they have a Beneficial Ownership as of the date the person became an
Access Person, in the case of such person s initial report, and as of the last day of the year, as to annual reports. A form of
such report, which is hereinafter called an Initial and Annual Personal Securities Accounts and Holdings Report , 
is attached as Schedule B. Each Initial and Annual Personal Securities Accounts and Holdings Report must also disclose the name of any
broker, dealer, or bank with whom the Access Person maintained an account in which any securities were held for the direct or indirect
benefit of the Access Person as of the date the person became an Access Person or as of the last day of the year, as the case may be.
Each Initial and Annual Personal Securities Accounts and Holdings Report shall state the date it is being submitted. In all cases, the
information must be current as of a date no more than 45 days prior to the date the person becomes an Access Person, or the date the
report was submitted, as applicable. 

4 

(B) Quarterly Transaction Reports . 

Within
30 days after the end of each calendar quarter, each Access Person shall make a written report to the CCO (or designee) of all transactions
occurring in the quarter in a Covered Security in which he or she had any Beneficial Ownership. A form of such report, which is hereinafter
called a Quarterly Securities Transaction Report , is attached as Schedule C. 

A
Quarterly Securities Transaction Report shall be in the form of Schedule C or such other form approved by the CCO (or designee) and must
contain the following information with respect to each reportable transaction: 

(1) Date
 and nature of the transaction (purchase, sale or any other type of acquisition or disposition); 

(2) Title,
 interest rate and maturity date (if applicable), number of shares and principal amount of
 each Covered Security involved and the price of the Covered Security at which the transaction
 was effected; 

(3) Name
 of the broker, dealer or bank with or through whom the transaction was effected; and 

(4) The
 date the report is submitted by the Access Person. 

(C)
 Independent Directors . 

Notwithstanding
the reporting requirements set forth in this Section V, an Independent Director who would be required to make a report under this Section
V solely by reason of being a director of the Corporation is not required to file an Initial and Annual Personal Securities Accounts
and Holdings Report upon becoming a director of the Corporation or an annual Initial and Annual Personal Securities Accounts and Holdings
Report. 

Such
an Independent Director also need not file a Quarterly Securities Transaction Report unless such director knew or, in the
ordinary course of fulfilling his or her official duties as a director of the Corporation, should have known that during the 15-day period
immediately preceding or after the date of the transaction in a Covered Security by the director, such Covered Security is or was purchased
or sold by the Corporation or the Corporation considered purchasing or selling such Covered Security. 

(D)
 Brokerage Accounts and Statements . 

Access
Persons, except Independent Directors, shall: 

(1) within
 30 days after the end of each calendar quarter, identify the name of the broker, dealer or
 bank with whom the Access Person established an account in which any securities were held
 during the quarter for the direct or indirect benefit of the Access Person and identify any
 new account(s) and the date the account(s) were established. This information shall be included
 on the appropriate Quarterly Securities Transaction Report; 

5 

(2) instruct
 the brokers, dealers or banks with whom they maintain such an account to provide duplicate
 account statements to the CCO (or designee); and 

(3) on
 an annual basis, certify that they have complied with the requirements of (1) and (2) above. 

(E)
 Form of Reports . 

A
Quarterly Securities Transaction Report may consist of broker statements or other statements that provide a list of all personal Covered
Securities holdings and transactions in the time period covered by the report and contain the information required in a Quarterly Securities
Transaction Report. 

(F)
 Responsibility to Report . 

It
is the responsibility of each Access Person to take the initiative to comply with the requirements of this Section V. Any effort by the
Corporation to facilitate the reporting process does not change or alter that responsibility. A person need not make a report hereunder
with respect to transactions effected for, and Covered Securities held in, any account over which the person has no direct or indirect
influence or control. 

(G)
 Where to File Reports . 

All
Quarterly Securities Transaction Reports and Initial and Annual Personal Securities Accounts and Holdings Reports must be filed with
the CCO, either (1) directly in writing using Schedules C or B, respectively (or such other forms as the CCO may prescribe for this purpose),
or (2) online, via the System. 

(H)
 Disclaimers . 

Any
report required by this Section V may contain a statement that the report will not be construed as an admission that the person making
the report has any direct or indirect Beneficial Ownership in the Covered Security to which the report relates. 

Section
VI. Additional Prohibitions 

(A) Confidentiality of the Corporation s Transactions . 

Until
disclosed in a public report to stockholders or to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission in the normal course, all information
concerning the securities being considered for purchase or sale by the Corporation shall be kept confidential by all Covered
Persons and disclosed by them only on a need to know basis. It shall be the responsibility of the CCO to report to the
directors of the Corporation any known violations found in this regard. 

6 

(B)
 Gifts and Entertainment Policy . 

Covered
Persons and their immediate families should not solicit, accept, retain or provide any gifts or favors which might influence decisions
of the Covered Person or the recipient in making business transactions involving the Corporation, or which others might reasonably believe
could influence those decisions. Even a nominal gift should not be accepted if, to a reasonable observer, it might appear that the gift
would influence a business decision. No Covered Person may give or accept gifts of cash or cash equivalents. 

The
policy does not apply to gifts of de minimis value e.g. , pens, notepads, doughnuts, pizza, modest desk ornaments, etc.) or to
promotional items of nominal value that display a firm logo e.g. , umbrellas, tote bags, shirts, etc.) and personal 
gifts received because of kinship, marriage or social relationships entirely beyond and apart from an organization in which membership
or an official position is held. De minimis gifts and promotional items must be less than the 250 limit to fall within the exclusion. 

These
prohibitions do not apply to ordinary and usual business entertainment, so long as such entertainment is neither so frequent nor so lavish
as to raise any questions of impropriety. For an item to be considered business entertainment, the vendor must be present
at the event/meal and there must be an opportunity to discuss matters relating to Corporation business. For example, if a Covered Person
receives theater tickets from a vendor, the tickets are business entertainment only if the vendor attends the event and
there is an opportunity to discuss business matters. If not, the tickets should be treated as a gift for purposes of this
policy and subject to the limitations. 

All
Covered Persons must report the receipt or giving of any SuRo Capital Entity business-related gift with an apparent value that
exceeds 250 (other than personal gifts and gifts of de minimis or nominal value, as defined above) and the acceptance or furnishing
of all similarly related business entertainment with an apparent value that exceeds 250. Both of these thresholds are on a per
individual basis. 

In
addition, the extension by Covered Persons, on behalf of a SuRo Capital Entity, of all invitations for business entertainment that can
reasonably be expected to be valued in excess of 500 must be pre-approved by the CCO prior to any such extension. This threshold is
on a per individual basis. 

Regardless
of the dollar value, Covered Persons may not give a gift or provide entertainment that is inappropriate under the circumstances, or inconsistent
with applicable law or regulations, to persons associated with securities or financial organizations, exchanges, member firms, commodity
firms, news media or ERISA fiduciaries. In addition, Covered Persons must confer with the CCO, who may consult legal counsel, before
making contact with state or local government plans, and comply with all applicable state or local laws regarding such communications. 

The
CCO shall maintain a log of all business-related gifts given or received by all Covered Persons in excess of 250, and of all similarly
related business entertainment accepted by a Covered Person or furnished by a Covered Person on behalf of the Corporation, the value
of either which exceeds 250. These thresholds are on a per individual basis. 

Section
VII. Annual Acknowledgement, Affirmation and Certification 

(A)
 Access Persons . 

Access
Persons shall be required to acknowledge annually that they have read this Code, that they understand and recognize that they are subject
to the Code, and affirm that they will fully comply with the Code on a going-forward basis. Further, Access Persons who have been subject
to the Code at any time during the previous year shall be required to certify annually that they have complied with the requirements
of this Code. A form of such acknowledgement, affirmation and certification is attached as Schedule D. 

7 

(B)
 Board Review . 

No
less frequently than annually, the SuRo Capital Entities must furnish to the Corporation s board of directors, and the board must
consider, a written report that: (A) describes any issues arising under this Code or procedures since the last report to the board, including,
but not limited to, information about material violations of the Code or procedures and sanctions imposed in response to material violations;
and (B) certifies that the Corporation has adopted procedures reasonably necessary to prevent Access Persons from violating the Code. 

Section
VIII. Sanctions 

Any
violation of this Code shall be subject to the imposition of such sanctions as may be deemed appropriate under the circumstances to achieve
the purposes of Rule 17j-1 and this Code. Sanctions for employees for minor violations, such as a short delay in reporting, shall be
determined by the Chief Compliance Officer. Sanctions for any violation or failure to comply by the requisite deadline will be included
in the Chief Compliance Officer s quarterly report to the Board, and may be subject to heightened sanctions, including, but not
limited to, mandatory compliance training, a notation in the employee s personnel file, suspension or termination of employment,
a letter of censure in the employee s personnel file, and/or reversal of any noncompliant trades with surrender of profits in a
manner to be determined by the Chief Executive Officer, such as, for example, in a gift to charity. Sanctions for senior executives and
members of the board shall be determined by the independent directors, with the advice of the Chief Compliance Officer. 

Section
IX. Administration and Construction 

(A) The
 administration of this Code shall be the responsibility of the CCO. 

(B) 
 The duties of the CCO are as follows: 

(1) Maintain
 continuously a current list of the names of all Access Persons with an appropriate description
 of their title or employment, including a notation of any directorships held by Access Persons,
 and inform all Access Persons of their reporting obligations hereunder; 

(2) On
 an annual basis, provide all Covered Persons a copy of this Code and inform such persons
 of their duties and obligations hereunder including making available any supplemental training
 that may be required from time to time. In addition, provide to all Covered Persons updated
 copies of the Code each time it is amended; 

(3) Collect
 from all Covered Persons a signed Acknowledgement, Affirmation and Certification of
 Compliance with SuRo Capital Compliance Program Documents form (which is attached
 as Schedule D) annually and each time the Code is amended; 

(4) Maintain
 or supervise the maintenance of all records (including pre-clearance and other approvals
 granted) and reports required by this Code; 

8 

(5) Review
the contents of holdings reports submitted by Access Persons; 1 

(6) Review
 reports of all transactions effected by Access Persons who are subject to the requirement
 to file Quarterly Securities Transaction Reports and review such transactions against a listing
 of all transactions effected by the Corporation and securities of any companies included
 on the Restricted List during the reporting period; 

(7) Issue,
 either personally or with the assistance of counsel, as may be appropriate, any interpretation
 of this Code that may appear consistent with the objectives of Rule 17j-1 and this Code; 

(8) Conduct
 such inspections or investigations as shall reasonably be required to detect and report,
 with recommendations, any apparent violations of this Code to the board of directors of the
 Corporation; and 

(9) Submit
 a written report to the board of directors of the Corporation, no less frequently than annually,
 that describes any issues arising under the Code since the last such report, including but
 not limited to the information described in Section VII(B). 

(C) 
 The CCO shall maintain and cause to be maintained in an easily
accessible place at the principal place of business of the Corporation the following records: 

(1) A
 copy of all codes of ethics adopted by the Corporation pursuant to Rule 17j-1 that have been
 in effect at any time during the past five (5) years; 

(2) A
 copy of all signed Acknowledgement, Affirmation and Certification of Compliance with
 SuRo Capital Compliance Program Documents forms (see Schedule D) for at least five
 (5) years after the end of the fiscal year in which the Acknowledgement, etc. is submitted; 

(3) A
 record of each violation of such code of ethics and of any action taken as a result of such
 violation for at least five (5) years after the end of the fiscal year in which the violation
 occurs; 

(4) A
 copy of each report made by an Access Person for at least two (2) years after the end of
 the fiscal year in which the report is made, and for an additional three (3) years in a place
 that need not be easily accessible; 

(5) A
 copy of each report made by the CCO to the board of directors for two (2) years from the
 end of the fiscal year of the Corporation in which such report is made or issued and for
 an additional three (3) years in a place that need not be easily accessible; 

(6) A
 list of all persons who are, or within the past five (5) years have been, required to make
 reports pursuant to Rule 17j-1 and this Code, or who are or were responsible for reviewing
 such reports; 

(7) A
 copy of each report required by Section VII(B) for at least two (2) years after the end of
 the fiscal year in which it is made, and for an additional three (3) years in a place that
 need not be easily accessible; and 

(8) A
 record of any decision, and the reasons supporting the decision, to approve the acquisition
 by Investment Persons of securities in an Initial Public Offering or Limited Offering for
 at least five (5) years after the end of the fiscal year in which the approval is granted. 

(D) 
 This Code may not be amended or modified except in a written
form that is specifically approved by majority vote of the Independent Directors. 

1
 The reportable holdings and transaction reports of the CCO shall be reviewed by the Chief Financial Officer. 

9 

SCHEDULE A 

SuRo Capital Corp. 

Pre-Clearance Request 

As
described in Section IV of the SuRo Capital Corp. Code of Ethics, this form must be submitted prior to an Access Person 
executing any transaction in SuRo Capital Corp. securities, securities of any issuer included on the Restricted List, or effecting purchasing
in a private placement or initial public offering of securities of any issuer. 

Upon
completion of this form, please submit to the CCO at: Compliance@surocap.com. 

Date
of Request: _________________ Intended Trade Date: ____________________ 

Name :
__________________________________________________ 

Buy

Sell

Sell
 Short 
 
 Cover
 Short 

Issuer
name / Security description CUSIP #: 

 _________________________________________________________________________ 

Quantity: 
 
 Market
 order: 
 
 Limit
 Order: 

Reason
for trade: 

Last
trade in security (direction and date): 

Broker:
 ______________________________________________________ 

Authorized by: 

Date: 

(Chief Compliance Officer or Designee) 

The
Chief Compliance Officer or his designee has reviewed the proposed trade, contract, instruction or plan and confirms that SuRo Capital
Corp. does not intend to buy or sell the above security for any client accounts within the next fifteen (15) days and/or has completed
all client transactions in this security at this time. Exceptions to this statement should be noted on this form and any exception must
be authorized by the Chief Compliance Officer. 

Upon
completion of the transacti on, you must notify SuRo Capital Compliance at Compliance@surocap.com of the final execution
price and trade volume. 

SCHEDULE
B 

INITIAL
AND ANNUAL PERSONAL SECURITIES ACCOUNTS AND HOLDINGS REPORT 

I
certify that the following bank or broker-dealer accounts are the only accounts holding securities of any kind or nature whatsoever
 in which I have or share a Beneficial Ownership interest as such term is defined in the SuRo Capital Corp. Code of
Ethics. 

Name
 of bank or broker custodian 
 
 Account
 Number 
 
 Name
 of beneficial owner of 
 record
 with the account custodian 

I
further certify that the following is a listing of all Covered Securities in which I had or shared a Beneficial
Ownership interest as of the following date: 

For
an Initial Personal Securities Holdings Report: 

(the
 date indicated may not be more than 45 days prior to the date of submission, as indicated
 below, of this report) 

For
 an Annual Personal Securities Holdings Report: December 31, 20___ 

Note :
For holdings report purposes, the term Covered Securities should be understood as including securities of all sorts,
but not the following: (i) shares of open-end mutual funds; (ii) U.S. government or agency issued securities; and (iii) short-term
debt instruments, bank CDs, bankers acceptances or repurchase agreements. Shares of exchange-traded funds ETFs are Covered Securities. 

1 

In
lieu of indicating the following required information within this form, you may submit under cover of a signed and dated copy of
this form legible copies of statements of accounts issued by the account custodian(s) wherein Covered Securities are held as of
the date indicated above. Such statements should be either emailed or sent, by U.S. mail or courier service, to: 

Compliance@surocap.com 
 Suro Capital Corp. 

Attn: Compliance Dept. 

One Sansome Street, Suite
 730 

San Francisco, California
 94104 

Account
 Custodian and Number 
 
 Issuer 
 
 Security 
 Type 
 
 Exchange
 Ticker Symbol or CUSIP Number 
 
 Total
 number of equity security shares 
 
 Aggregate
 principal amount of 
 debt
 securities 

(Use
a continuation sheet if necessary.) 

Signature: 

Print Name: 

Date Submitted: 

For
 Initial Holdings Reports Must be within 10 days of initial date of association
 with SuRo Capital Corp. 
 
 For
 Annual Holdings Reports Must be on or before January 30 of the current year. 

2 

SCHEDULE
C 

QUARTERLY
SECURITIES TRANSACTION REPORT 

The
following lists all transactions in Covered Securities, in which I had any direct or indirect Beneficial Ownership interest, that were
effected during the last calendar quarter and required to be reported by Section V(B) of the SuRo Capital Corp. Code of Ethics. (If no
such transactions took place write NONE. Please sign and date this report and return it to the Chief Compliance Officer
no later than the 30th day following the end of the quarter. Use reverse side if additional space is needed. 

PURCHASES
AND ACQUISITIONS 

No.
 of Shares or 
 
 Interest
 Rate 

Broker, 
 
 Trade 
 
 Principal 
 
 and
 Maturity 
 
 Name
 of 

Total 
 
 Dealer,
 or 
 
 Date 
 
 Amount 
 
 Date 
 
 Security 
 
 Unit
 Price 
 
 Price 
 
 Bank 

SALES
AND OTHER DISPOSITIONS 

No.
 of Shares or 
 
 Interest
 Rate 

Broker, 
 
 Trade 
 
 Principal 
 
 and
 Maturity 
 
 Name
 of 

Total 
 
 Dealer,
 or 
 
 Date 
 
 Amount 
 
 Date 
 
 Security 
 
 Unit
 Price 
 
 Price 
 
 Bank 

NEW
ACCOUNTS ESTABLISHED DURING THE QUARTER 

Name of Broker, 
 Dealer or Bank 
 
 Name
 of Account 

 and
Account Number 

Date Established 

SCHEDULE
D 

ACKNOWLEDGEMENT,
AFFIRMATION AND CERTIFICATION 

 OF
COMPLIANCE WITH SURO CAPITAL COMPLIANCE PROGRAM DOCUMENTS 

The
undersigned, as a Covered Person of SuRo Capital Corp, hereby acknowledges, affirms and/or certifies as follows: 

(1) I
 have received, read and understand the 

SuRo
 Capital Corp. Code of Ethics; 

Code
 of Business Conduct and Ethics; and 

Insider
 Trading Policy and Procedures 

(collectively,
the SuRo Capital Compliance Program Documents and agree to comply in all respects with the policies and procedures stated
therein. 

(2) If
 at any time during the past calendar year I was subject to any one, some or all of the SuRo
 Capital Compliance Program Documents, I further certify that I have complied in all respects
 with the requirements of each such Document as was then in effect or, in the event that I
 have not so complied, I have previously fully disclosed all such non-compliance to the Chief
 Compliance Officer. 

Signature: 

Print Name: 

Date Submitted: 

</EX-14.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 ex23-1.htm

Exhibit
23.1 

Independent
Registered Public Accounting Firm s Consent 

We
consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement of SuRo Capital Corp. and subsidiaries (the Company on Form N-2 (File No. 333-239681) and in the Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File No. 814-00852) of the Company (collectively, the
 Registration Statements of our report dated March 16, 2023, with respect to our audits of the consolidated financial statements
of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and for each of the years in the period ended December 31, 2022, which report is included
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Form 10-K ). We also consent
to the reference to us under the heading Senior Securities in Part II, Item 5 of the Form 10-K. 

We
consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements of our report dated March 16, 2023, relating to the financial
information set forth under the heading senior Securities in part II, item 5 of the Form 10-K, which report is included
as an exhibit to the Form 10-K. 

/s/
 Marcum llp 

Marcum
 llp 

 San
Francisco 

 March
16, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

 Certification
of Chief Executive Officer of SuRo Capital Corp. 

 pursuant
to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Exchange Act, 

 as
adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I,
Mark D. Klein, certify that: 

1. I
 have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of SuRo Capital Corp.; 

2. Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
 omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
 under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
 by this report; 

3. Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
 report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
 and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
 disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
 and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
 and 15(d)-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
 to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
 registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
 those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
 reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
 the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
 purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
 in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
 that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
 fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
 reporting; and 

5. The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
 evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
 and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

(a) all
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
 over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
 ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
 role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated
this 16th day of March, 2023. 

By: 
 /s/
 Mark Klein 

Mark
 D. Klein 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

Certification
of Chief Financial Officer of SuRo Capital Corp. 

 pursuant
to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Exchange Act, 

 as
adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I,
Allison Green, certify that: 

1. I
 have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of SuRo Capital Corp.; 

2. Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
 omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
 under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
 by this report; 

3. Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
 report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
 and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
 disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
 and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
 and 15(d)-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
 to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
 registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
 those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
 reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
 the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
 purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
 in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
 that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
 fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
 reporting; and 

5. The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
 evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
 and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

(a) all
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
 over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
 ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
 role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated
this 16th day of March, 2023. 

By: 
 /s/
 Allison Green 

Allison
 Green 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

 Certification
of Chief Executive Officer 

 Pursuant
to 

 Section
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. 1350) 

In
connection with the annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report of SuRo Capital Corp.
(the Registrant ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, Mark D. Klein, the Chief
Executive Officer of the Registrant, hereby certify, to the best of my knowledge, that: 

(1) The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
 Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
 condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 

/s/
 Mark D. Klein 

Name:
 Mark D. Klein 

Date:
 March 16, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit
32.2 

Certification
of Chief Financial Officer 

 Pursuant
to 

 Section
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. 1350) 

In
connection with the annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report of SuRo Capital Corp.
(the Registrant ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, Allison Green, the Chief
Financial Officer of the Registrant, hereby certify, to the best of my knowledge, that: 

(1) The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
 Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
 condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 

/s/
 Allison Green 

Name:
 Allison Green 

Date:
 March 16, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-99.1>
 9
 ex99-1.htm

Exhibit
99.1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM ON 

 SUPPLEMENTAL FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

To
the Board of Directors and Shareholders of 

 SuRo
Capital Corp. (f/k/a Sutter Rock Capital Corp.) 

We
have audited the consolidated statements of assets and liabilities of SuRo Capital Corp. and subsidiaries (the Company ),
including the consolidated schedule of investments as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations,
cash flows, changes in net assets, and financial highlights for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and have
issued our report thereon dated March 16, 2023, which contained an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements. The
supplemental financial information set forth under the heading Senior Securities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 included
in Part II, Item 5 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K has been subjected to audit procedures performed in conjunction
with the audit of the Company s consolidated financial statements. The supplemental financial information is the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our audit procedures included determining whether the supplemental financial information reconciles
to the consolidated financial statements or the underlying accounting and other records, as applicable, and performing procedures to
test the completeness and accuracy of the information presented in the supplemental financial information. In our opinion, such financial
information is fairly stated, in all material respects, in relation to the consolidated financial statements as a whole. 

/s/
 Marcum llp 

San
Francisco, CA 

 March
16, 2023 

</EX-99.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 ssss-20221231.xsd
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 ssss-20221231_def.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 ssss-20221231_lab.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 ssss-20221231_pre.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

