<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1590715_0001477932-23-002105.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7786926</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>254913</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1975952</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1867553</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1419722</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2074196</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001477932-23-002105.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331160721
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001477932-23-002105
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		72
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			American Resources Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001590715
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BITUMINOUS COAL & LIGNITE MINING [1220]
		IRS NUMBER:				463914127
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			FL
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38816
		FILM NUMBER:		23787638

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		12115 VISIONARY WAY, SUITE 174
		CITY:			FISHERS
		STATE:			IN
		ZIP:			46038
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(317) 855-9926

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		12115 VISIONARY WAY, SUITE 174
		CITY:			FISHERS
		STATE:			IN
		ZIP:			46038

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NGFC Equities, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20150512

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NGFC Equities, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20150512

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NATURAL GAS FUELING & CONVERSION INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20131031

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001477932-23-002105.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 arec_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

arec_10k.htm 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15 (d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15 (d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from ____________to _____________ Commission file number (Exact Name of Registrant as specified in its charter) (State or jurisdiction of Incorporation or organization (I.R.S Employer Identification No.) , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) Registrant s telephone number, including area code: - Securities registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: Title of each class Name of each exchange on which registered Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Capital Market Warrant ARECW NASDAQ Capital Market Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Exchange Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation s-K 229.405 of this chapter is not contained herein and will not be contained to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. Yes No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company (Do not check if a smaller company) Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No State the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter; . Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. The number of shares outstanding of the issuer s Common Stock, .0001 par value, as of March 31, 2023 was shares. DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE List hereunder the following documents if incorporated by reference and the Part of the Form 10-K (e.g., Part I, Part II, etc.) into which the documents is incorporated: (1) Any annual report to security holders; (2) Any proxy or information statement; and (3) Any prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) or (c) under the Securities Act of 1933. The listed documents should be clearly described for identification purposes (e.g., annual report to security holders for fiscal year ended December 24, 1980). AMERICAN RESOURCES CORPORATION ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K Fiscal Year Ended December 32, 2021 TABLE OF CONTENTS Page Special Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements 3 PART I Item 1. Business 4 Item 1A. Risk Factors 23 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 24 Item 2. Properties 24 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 24 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 24 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 25 Item 6. Selected Financial Data 30 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 30 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk 33 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 33 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 33 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 33 Item 9B. Other Information 34 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 35 Item 11. Executive Compensation 41 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 43 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 44 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 45 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 46 Signatures 48 2 Table of Contents Special Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements . This annual report on Form 10-K of American Resources Corporation for the year ended December 31, 2022 contains certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, which are intended to be covered by the safe harbors created thereby. To the extent that such statements are not recitations of historical fact, such statements constitute forward looking statements which, by definition involve risks and uncertainties. In particular, statements under the Sections; Description of Business, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations contain forward looking statements. Where in any forward-looking statements, the Company expresses an expectation or belief as to future results or events, such expectation or belief is expressed in good faith and believed to have a reasonable basis, but there can be no assurance that the statement of expectation or belief will result or be achieved or accomplished. The following are factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those anticipated and include but are not limited to: general economic, financial and business conditions; the price of metallurgical coal and or thermal coal changes in and compliance with governmental regulations; changes in tax laws; and the cost and effects of legal proceedings. You should not rely on forward looking statements in this annual report. This annual report contains forward looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. We use words such as anticipates, believes, plans, expects, future, intends, and similar expressions to identify these forward-looking statements. Prospective investors should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which apply only as of the date of this annual report. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements. 3 Table of Contents PART I Item 1. Business. Overview When we formed our company, our focus was to (i) construct and/or purchase and manage a chain of combined gasoline, diesel and natural gas (NG) fueling and service stations (initially, in the Miami, FL area); (ii) construct conversion factories to convert NG to liquefied natural gas (LNG) and compressed natural gas (CNG); and (iii) construct conversion factories to retrofit vehicles currently using gasoline or diesel fuel to also run on NG in the United States and also to build a convenience store to serve our customers in each of our locations. On January 5, 2017, American Resources Corporation (ARC) executed a Share Exchange Agreement between the Company and Quest Energy Inc. Quest Energy ), a private company incorporated in the State of Indiana on May 2015 with offices at 12115 Visionary Way, Fishers, IN 46038, and due to the fulfillment of various conditions precedent to closing of the transaction, the control of the Company was transferred to the Quest Energy shareholders on February 7, 2017. This transaction resulted in Quest Energy becoming a wholly-owned subsidiary of ARC. Through Quest Energy, ARC was able to acquire coal mining and coal processing operations, substantially all located in eastern Kentucky and western West Virginia. On November 25, 2020, Quest Energy changed its name to American Carbon Corp. (American Carbon) American Carbon currently has seven coal mining and processing operating subsidiaries: McCoy Elkhorn Coal LLC (doing business as McCoy Elkhorn Coal Company) (McCoy Elkhorn), Knott County Coal LLC (Knott County Coal), Deane Mining, LLC (Deane Mining), Wyoming County Coal LLC (Wyoming County), Quest Processing LLC (Quest Processing), Perry County Resources (Perry County) located in eastern Kentucky and western West Virginia within the Central Appalachian coal basin, and ERC Mining Indiana Corporation (ERC) located in southwest Indiana within the Illinois coal basin. The coal deposits under control by the Company are generally comprise of metallurgical coal (used for steel making), pulverized coal injections (used in the steel making process) and high-BTU, low sulfur, low moisture bituminous coal used for a variety of uses within several industries, including industrial customers and specialty products. Efforts to diversify revenue streams have led to the establishment of additional subsidiaries; American Metals LLC (AM) which is focused on the recovery and sale of recovered metal and steel and American Rare Earth LLC (ARE) which is focused on the aggregation and monetization of critical and rare earth element deposits and end of life magnets and batteries. During 2022, American Rare Earth LLC changed its name to ReElement Technologies, LLC. (ReElement) We have not classified, and as a result, do not have any proven or probable reserves as defined in United States Securities and Exchange Commission Items 1300 through 1305 of Regulation S-K, and as a result, our company and its business activities are deemed to be in the exploration stage until mineral reserves are defined on our properties. Since mid-2019, we have not mined or sold coal which is sold into the thermal coal markets. All production and future investment will be for the mining of metallurgical coal. The following table is presented for historical purposes. Historic Metallurgical Coal Prices Historic CAPP Thermal Coal Prices Year End Hampton Road Index HCC - High Year End Big Sandy / Kanawha Rate District 2014 100.35 2014 56.00 2015 80.25 2015 45.55 2016 223.00 2016 50.65 2017 210.00 2017 60.90 2018 205.34 2018 68.12 2019 135.00 2019 60.30 2020 101.00 2020 54.35 2021 342.00 2021 92.50 2022 364.53 2022 148.57 4 Table of Contents McCoy Elkhorn Coal LLC General: Located primarily within Pike County, Kentucky, McCoy Elkhorn is currently comprised of one active mine (the Carnegie 1 Mine), one mine in idle status (the Mine#15 Mine), two coal preparation facilities (Bevins #1 and Bevins #2), and other mines and permits in various stages of development or reclamation. The address for the Bevins #1 and #2 preparation facilities is 2069 Highway 194 E Meta, KY 41501. The address for Mine #15 is 2560 Highway194 E Meta, KY 41501. The address for Carnegie 1 is 209 Meathouse Fork Kimper, KY 41502. McCoy Elkhorn sells its coal to a variety of customers, both domestically and internationally, primarily to the steel making industry as a high-vol B coal or blended coal. The coal controlled at McCoy Elkhorn (along with our other subsidiaries) has not been classified as either proven or probable as defined in the United States Securities and Exchange Commission Items 1300 through 1305 of Regulation S-K, and as a result, do not have any proven or probable reserves under such definition and are classified as an Exploration Stage pursuant to Items 1300 through 1305 of Regulation S-K. Approximate coal deposits owned is 0 tons and leased by McCoy Elkhorn totals 11,287,904 tons. The current leases contain minimum annual payments of 20,000 and production royalty payments of 7 of gross sales price. Mines: Within the McCoy Elkhorn subsidiary, Carnegie 1 is deemed material under Items 1304 of Regulation S-K. Mine #15 is an underground mine in the Millard (also known as Glamorgan) coal seam and located near Meta, Kentucky. Mine #15 is mined via room-and-pillar mining methods using continuous miners, and the coal is belted directly from the stockpile to McCoy Elkhorn s coal preparation facility. Mine #15 is currently a company run mine, whereby the Company manages the workforce at the mine and pays all expenses of the mine. The coal from Mine #15 is stockpiled at the mine site and belted directly to the Company s nearby coal preparation facilities. Production at Mine #15 re-commenced under Quest Energy s ownership in September 2016. Mine #15 has the estimated capacity to produce up to approximately 40,000 tons per month of coal. The Company acquired Mine #15 as an idled mine, and since acquisition, the primary work completed at Mine #15 by the Company includes changing working sections within the underground mine, air ventilation enhancements primarily through brattice work and the use of overcasts and installing underground mining infrastructure as the mine advances due to coal extraction. In 2022, Mine #15 produced approximately 0 tons. In 2021, Mine #15 produced approximately 0 tons. During 2022 and 2021, 100 and 100 , respectively, of the coal extracted from Mine #15 was high-vol B metallurgical coal quality, of which 100 was sold into the PCI market and 100 was sold into the metallurgical market, respectively. The mineral available through Mine #15 is leased from various 3 rd party mineral holders. Coal mined from the lease requires a payment of greater of 2.50 per ton or 5 of gross sales price. The Carnegie 1 Mine is an underground mine in the Alma and Upper Alma coal seams and located near Kimper, Kentucky. In 2011, coal production from the Carnegie 1 Mine in the Alma coal seam commenced and then subsequently the mine was idled. Production at the Carnegie 1 Mine was reinitiated in early 2017 under Quest Energy s ownership and is currently being mined via room-and-pillar mining methods utilizing a continuous miner. The coal is stockpiled on-site and trucked approximately 7 miles to McCoy Elkhorn s preparation facilities. The Carnegie 1 Mine is currently a company run mine, whereby the Company manages the workforce at the mine and pays all expenses of the mine. The Carnegie 1. Mine has the estimated capacity to produce up to approximately 10,000 tons per month of coal. The Company acquired the Carnegie 1 Mine as an idled mine, and since acquisition, the primary work completed at the Carnegie 1 Mine by the Company includes mine rehabilitation work in preparation for production, changing working sections within the underground mine, air ventilation enhancements primarily through brattice work, and installing underground mining infrastructure as the mine advances due to coal extraction. In 2022, the Carnegie 1 Mine produced approximately 105,607 tons and sold at an average of 233.11 per ton. In 2021, the Carnegie 1 Mine produced approximately 7,889.63 tons and sold at an average of 138.00 per ton. During 2021 100 of the coal extracted from the Carnegie 1 Mine was high-vol B metallurgical coal quality, of which 100 was sold into the metallurgical market. The mineral being mined through Carnegie 1 is leased from a 3 rd party professional mineral company. Coal mined from the lease requires a payment of greater of 1.75 per ton or 6 of gross sales price. The Carnegie 2 Mine is an underground mine in the Alma and Upper Alma coal seams and located near Kimper, Kentucky. In 2021, mine development began and operations at the Carnegie 2 Mine started in August 2022 and is currently being mined via room-and-pillar mining methods utilizing a continuous miner. The coal is stockpiled on-site and trucked approximately 7 miles to McCoy Elkhorn s preparation facilities. The Carnegie 2 Mine is currently a company run mine, whereby the Company manages the workforce at the mine and pays all expenses of the mine. The Carnegie 2. Mine has the estimated capacity to produce up to approximately 10,000 tons per month of coal. In 2022, the Carnegie 2 Mine produced approximately 6,200 tons and sold at an average of 233.11 per ton. In 2021, the Carnegie 2 Mine produced approximately 0 tons. During 2022 100 of the coal extracted from the Carnegie 2 Mine was high-vol B metallurgical coal quality, of which 100 was sold into the metallurgical market. The mineral being mined through Carnegie 1 is leased from a 3 rd party professional mineral company. Coal mined from the lease requires a payment of greater of 1.75 per ton or 6 of gross sales price. American Carbon acquired the PointRock Mine in April 2018. On May 8, 2020, the PointRock Mine permits were released from the Company s control upon the settlement agreement with Empire. Beginning in January 2020 through the report date, Mine #15 and Carnegie 1 mines were idled due to the adverse market effects Covid-19 global pandemic. The Carnegie 1 mine restarted during October 2021. The Carnegie 2 mine commenced operations in August 2022. 5 Table of Contents Processing Transportation: The Bevins #1 Preparation Plant is an 800 ton-per hour coal preparation facility located near Meta, Kentucky, across the road from Mine #15. Bevins #1 has raw coal stockpile storage of approximately 25,000 tons and clean coal stockpile storage of 100,000 tons of coal. The Bevins #1 facility has a fine coal circuit and a stoker circuit that allows for enhance coal recovery and various coal sizing options depending on the needs of the customer. The Company acquired the Bevins Preparation Plants as idled facilities, and since acquisition, the primary work completed at the Bevins Preparation Plants by the Company includes rehabilitating the plants warehouse and replacing belt lines. The Bevins #2 Preparation Plant is on the same permit site as Bevins #1 and is a 500 ton-per-hour processing facility with fine coal recovery and a stoker circuit for coal sizing options. Bevins #2 has raw coal stockpile storage of 25,000 tons of coal and a clean coal stockpile storage of 45,000 tons of coal. We are currently utilizing less than 10 of the available processing capacity of Bevins #1 and Bevins #2. Both Bevins #1 and Bevins #2 have a batch-weight loadout and rail spur for loading coal into trains for rail shipments. The spur has storage for 110 rail cars and is serviced by CSX Transportation and is located on CSX s Big Sandy, Coal Run Subdivision. Both Bevins #1 and Bevins #2 have coarse refuse and slurry impoundments called Big Groundhog and Lick Branch. While the Big Groundhog impoundment is nearing the end of its useful life, the Lick Branch impoundment has significant operating life and will be able to provide for coarse refuse and slurry storage for the foreseeable future at Bevins #1 and Bevins #2. Coarse refuse from Bevins #1 and Bevins #2 is belted to the impoundments. Both Bevins #1 and Bevins #2 are facilities owned by McCoy Elkhorn, subject to certain restrictions present in the agreement between McCoy Elkhorn and the surface land owner. Both Bevins #1 and Bevins #2, as well as the rail loadout, are operational and any work required on any of the plants or loadouts would be routine maintenance. The allocated cost of for this property at McCoy Elkhorn Coal paid by the company is 95,210. Due to additional coal processing storage capacity at Bevins #1 and Bevins #2 Preparation Plants, McCoy Elkhorn processes, stores, and loads coal for other regional coal producers for an agreed-to fee. Additional Permits: In addition to the above mines, McCoy Elkhorn holds 11 additional coal mining permits that are idled operations or in various stages of reclamation. For the idled coal mining operations, McCoy Elkhorn will determine which coal mines to bring back into production, if any, as the coal market changes, and there are currently no other idled mines within McCoy Elkhorn that are slated to go into production in the foreseeable future. Any idled mines that are brought into production would require significant upfront capital investment, and there is no assurance of the feasibility of any such new operations. Below is a map showing the material properties at McCoy Elkhorn: 6 Table of Contents Knott County Coal LLC General: Located primarily within Knott County, Kentucky (but with additional idled permits in Leslie County, Perry County, and Breathitt County, Kentucky), Knott County Coal is comprised of one active mine (the Wayland Surface Mine) and 22 idled mining permits (or permits in reclamation), including the permits associated with the idled Supreme Energy Preparation Plant. The idled mining permits are either in various stages of planning, idle status or reclamation. The idled mines at Knott County Coal are primarily underground mines that utilize room-and-pillar mining. The coal controlled at Knott County Coal (along with our other subsidiaries) has not been classified as either proven or probable as defined in the United States Securities and Exchange Commission Items 1300 through 1305 of Regulation S-K, and as a result, do not have any proven or probable reserves under such definition and are classified as an Exploration Stage pursuant to Items 1300 through 1305 of Regulation S-K. Approximate coal deposits owned by Knott County is 0 tons and leased by Knott County totals 3,206,713 tons. The current leases contain minimum annual payments of 0 and production royalty payments of the great of 1.50 per clean ton or 6 of gross sales price. Mines: The Wayland Surface Mine is a surface waste-rock reprocessing mine in a variety of coal seams (primarily the Upper Elkhorn 1 coal seam) located near Wayland, Kentucky. The Wayland Surface Mine is mined via area mining through the reprocessing of previously processed coal, and the coal is trucked approximately 22 miles to the Mill Creek Preparation Plant at Deane Mining, where it is processed and sold. The Wayland Surface Mine is currently a company run mine, whereby the Company manages the workforce at the mine and pays all expenses of the mine. During June 2018, production at the Wayland Surface Mine commenced under Quest Energy s ownership. The associated permit was purchased during May 2018. Since acquisition, the primary work completed at the Wayland Surface Mine has been removing overburden to access the coal. The Wayland Surface Mine has the estimated capacity to produce up to approximately 15,000 tons per month of coal and started production in mid-2018 with nominal coal extracted and sold as thermal coal. In 2022, the Wayland Surface Mine produced approximately 0 tons. In 2021, the Wayland Surface Mine produced approximately 0 tons. During 2022, the Wayland Surface Mine was idled due to the company s focus on the metallurgical and industrial markets. Other potential customers of Knott County Coal include industrial customers, specialty customers and utilities for electricity generation, although no definitive sales have been identified yet. Processing Transportation: The idled Supreme Energy Preparation Plant is a 400 ton-per-hour coal preparation facility with a fine coal circuit located in Kite, Kentucky. The Bates Branch rail loadout associated with the Supreme Energy Preparation Plant is a batch-weigh rail loadout with 220 rail car storage capacity and serviced by CSX Transportation in their Big Sandy rate district. The coarse refuse is trucked to the Kings Branch impoundment, which is approximately one mile from the Supreme Energy facility. The slurry from coal processing is piped from the Supreme Energy facility to the Kings Branch impoundment. The Supreme Energy Preparation Plant is owned by Knott County Coal, subject to certain restrictions present in the agreement between Knott County Coal and the surface land owner, Land Resources Royalties LLC. The Company acquired the Supreme Energy Preparation Plants as an idled facility, and since acquisition, no work has been performed at the facility other than minor maintenance. Both the Supreme Energy Preparation Plant and the rail loadout are idled and would require an undetermined amount of work and capital to bring them into operation. The allocated cost of for the property at Knott County Coal paid by the Company is 286,046. Additional Permits: In addition to the above mines, Knott County Coal holds 20 additional coal mining permits that are in development, idled or in various stages of reclamation. Any idled mines that are brought into production would require significant upfront capital investment and there is no assurance of the feasibility of any such new operations. 7 Table of Contents Below is a map showing the location of the idled Supreme Energy Prep Plant, Raven Prep Plant, Loadouts, and plant impoundments at Knott County Coal: Deane Mining LLC General: Located within Letcher County and Knott County, Kentucky, Deane Mining LLC is comprised of one active underground coal mine (the Access Energy Mine), one active surface mine (Razorblade Surface) and one active coal preparation facility called Mill Creek Preparation Plant, along with 12 additional idled mining permits (or permits in reclamation). The idled mining permits are either in various stages of development, reclamation or being maintained as idled, pending any changes to the coal market that may warrant re-starting production. The coal controlled at Deane Mining (along with our other subsidiaries) has not been classified as either proven or probable as defined in the United States Securities and Exchange Commission Items 1300 through 1305 of Regulation S-K, and as a result, do not have any proven or probable reserves under such definition and are classified as an Exploration Stage pursuant to Items 1300 through 1305 of Regulation S-K. Approximate coal deposits owned by Deane Mining is 0 tons and leased by Deane Mining totals 0 tons. 8 Table of Contents Mines: Access Energy is a deep mine in the Elkhorn 3 coal seam and located in Deane, Kentucky. Access Energy is mined via room-and-pillar mining methods using continuous miners, and the coal is belted directly from the mine to the raw coal stockpile at the Mill Creek Preparation Plant across the road from Access Energy. Access Energy is currently a company run mine, whereby the Company manages the workforce at the mine and pays all expenses of the mine. The Company acquired Access Energy as an idled mine, and since acquisition, the primary work completed at Access Energy by the Company includes mine rehabilitation work in preparation for production, air ventilation enhancements primarily through brattice work, and installing underground mining infrastructure as the mine advances due to coal extraction. Access Energy has the estimated capacity to produce up to approximately 20,000 tons per month of coal. In 2022, Access Energy produced approximately 0 tons. In 2021, Access Energy produced approximately 0 tons. During 2019, the permit related to the Access Energy mine was idled and is not expected to produce again under the Company s control due to the continued focused on the metallurgical and industrial markets. Razorblade Surface is a surface mine currently mining the Hazard 4 and Hazard 4 Rider coal seams and located in Deane, Kentucky. Razorblade Surface is mined via contour, auger, and highwall mining methods, and the coal is stockpiled on site where it trucked to the Mill Creek Preparation Plant approximately one mile away for processing. Razorblade Surface is run as both a contractor mine and as a company run mine for coal extraction and began extracting coal in spring of 2018. Coal produced from Razorblade Surface is trucked approximately one mile to the Mill Creek Preparation Plant. The Company acquired the Razorblade Surface mine as a new, undisturbed mine, and since acquisition, the primary work completed at Razorblade Surface has been some initial engineering work and removing overburden to access the coal. Razorblade Surface mine has the estimated capacity to produce up to approximately 8,000 tons per month of coal and started production in mid-2018 with nominal coal extracted and sold as thermal coal. During 2019, the permit related to the Access Energy mine was idled and is not expected to produce again under the Company s control due to the continued focused on the metallurgical and industrial markets. The coal production from Deane Mining LLC was currently sold a utility located in southeast United States under a contract that expired December 2018 and extended until June 2019, along with coal sold in the spot market. Deane Mining is in discussions with various customers to sell additional production from Access Energy, Razorblade, and Wayland Surface mines, combined with other potential regional coal production, as pulverized coal injection (PCI) to steel mills, industrial coal, and thermal coal to other utilities for electricity generation. Processing Transportation: The Mill Creek Preparation Plant is an 800 ton-per-hour coal preparation facility located in Deane, Kentucky. The associated Rapid Loader rail loadout is a batch-weight rail loadout with 110 car storage capacity and services by CSX Transportation in their Big Sandy and Elkhorn rate districts. The Mill Creek Preparation Plant is owned by Deane Mining, subject to certain restrictions present in the agreement between Deane Mining and the surface land owner, Land Resources Royalties LLC. We are currently utilizing less than 10 of the available processing capacity of the Mill Creek Preparation Plant. Both the Mill Creek Preparation Plant and the rail loadout are operational, and any work required on any of the plant or loadouts would be routine maintenance. The allocated cost of for the property at Deane Mining paid by the Company is 1,569,641. Additional Permits: In addition to the above mines and preparation facility, Deane Mining holds 12 additional coal mining permits that are in development, idled or in various stages of reclamation. Any idled mines that are brought into production would require significant upfront capital investment and there is no assurance of the feasibility of any such new operations. 9 Table of Contents Below is a map showing the material properties at Deane Mining: Wyoming County Coal LLC General: Located within Wyoming County, West Virginia, Wyoming County Coal is comprised of two idled underground mining permits and the three permits associated with the idled Pioneer Preparation Plant, the Hatcher rail loadout, and Simmons Fork Refuse Impoundment. The two idled mining permits are undisturbed underground mines that are anticipated to utilize room-and-pillar mining. The coal controlled at Wyoming County Coal (along with our other subsidiaries) has not been classified as either proven or probable as defined in the United States Securities and Exchange Commission Items 1300 through 1305 of Regulation S-K, and as a result, do not have any proven or probable reserves under such definition and are classified as an Exploration Stage pursuant to Items 1300 through 1305 of Regulation S-K. Approximate coal deposits owned by Wyoming County is 5,668,115 tons and leased by Knott County totals 0 tons. Mines: The mining permits held by Wyoming County Coal are in various stages of planning with no mines currently in production. Potential customers of Wyoming County Coal would include steel mills in the United States or international marketplace although no definitive sales have been identified yet. 10 Table of Contents Processing Transportation: The idled Pioneer Preparation Plant is a 350 ton-per-hour coal preparation facility located near Oceana, West Virginia. The Hatcher rail loadout associated with the Pioneer Preparation Plant is a rail loadout serviced by Norfolk Southern Corporation. The refuse from the preparation facility is trucked to the Simmons Fork Refuse Impoundment, which is approximately 1.0 mile from the Pioneer Preparation facility. The preparation plant utilizes a belt press technology which eliminates the need for pumping slurry into a slurry pond for storage within an impoundment. The Company is in the initial planning phase of getting estimates on the cost to upgrade the preparation facility to a modern 350 ton per hour preparation facility, although no cost estimates have yet been received. The Company is also in the initial planning phase of getting estimates on the cost and timing of upgrading the rail load out facility to a modern batch weight load out system, although no cost estimates have yet been received. The Company acquired the Pioneer Preparation Plants as an idled facility, and since acquisition, no work has been performed at the facility. Both the Pioneer Preparation Plant and the rail loadout are idled and would require an undetermined amount of work and capital to bring them into operation, which is currently in the initial phases of planning and no cost estimates have been received. The allocated cost for the property at Wyoming County Coal will pay by the Company is 22,326,101 of which 22,091,688 has been paid using shares of the Company s Class A Common stock. The remaining portion was satisfied in the form of a convertible note which was converted to company common stock in December 2020. Permits: Wyoming County Coal holds two coal mining permits that are in the initial planning phase and three permits associated with the idled Pioneer Preparation Plant, the Hatcher rail loadout, and Simmons Fork Refuse Impoundment. Any mine that is brought into production would require significant upfront capital investment and there is no assurance of the feasibility of any such new operations. As of the report date, the permits have not been fully transferred as they await final regulatory approval. As of the balance sheet date and report date, the West Virginia permit transfers have not yet been approved, and WCC has not substituted its reclamation surety bonds for the seller s bond collateral. The transfer of any new permits to the Company is subject to regulatory approval. This approval is subject to the review of both unabated or uncorrected violations that are listed on the Applicator Violator List. The Company, to include several of its subsidiaries, does have unabated and/or uncorrected violations that are listed on the Applicator Violator List. Should the state regulators believe that the Company is not in the process of abating or correcting the currently outstanding issues associated with their currently held permits they may choose not to issue the Company any new permits until such issues are properly rectified. Below is a map showing the location of the idled Pioneer Prep Plant, Hatcher rail Loadout, and Simmons Fork Refuse Impoundment at Wyoming County Coal: 11 Table of Contents Perry County Resources LLC General: Located primarily within Perry County, Kentucky, Perry County Resources LLC is comprised of one active underground mine (the E4-2 mine) and one active coal processing facility called the Davidson Branch Preparation Plant, along with two additional idled underground mining permits. The E4-2 mine and Davidson Branch Preparation Plan are located at 1845 KY-15 Hazard, KY 41701. The two idled mining permits are for underground mines and have been actively mined in the past and being maintained as idled, pending any changes to the coal market that may warrant re-starting production. The coal controlled at Perry County Resources (along with our other subsidiaries) has not been classified as either proven or probable as defined in the United States Securities and Exchange Commission Items 1300 through 1305 of Regulation S-K, and as a result, do not have any proven or probable reserves under such definition and are classified as an Exploration Stage pursuant to Items 1300 through 1305 of Regulation S-K. Approximate coal deposits owned by Perry County is 0 tons and leased by Perry County totals 58,108,612 tons. The current leases contain minimum annual payments of 12,000 and production royalty payments ranging from 6 to 7 of gross sales price. Mines: Within the Perry County subsidiary, E4-2 mine is deemed material under Items 1304 of Regulation S-K. The E4-2 mine is an underground mine in the Elkhorn 4 (aka the Amburgy) coal seam located near the town of Hazard, Kentucky. The E4-2 mine is mined via room-and-pillar mining methods using both continuous miners and continuous haulage systems, and the coal is belted directly from the mine to the raw coal stockpile at the Davidson Branch Preparation Plant less than a mile away. The E4-2 mine is currently a company-run mine, whereby the Company manages the workforce at the mine and pays all expenses of the mine. The Company acquired the E4-2 mine as an active mine, and since acquisition in September 2019, the primary work at the E4-2 mine has been rehabilitation of existing infrastructure to increase the operational efficiencies of the mine, including replacing belt structure, repairing equipment, replacing underground mining infrastructure, and installing new mining infrastructure as the mine advances due to coal extraction. The E4-2 mine has the estimated capacity to produce up to approximately 80,000 tons per month of coal. The mineral available through the E4-2 mine is partially owned by the Company and partially leased from various mineral holders. The lease terms are the greater of 1.50 per ton or 6 of gross sales price. In 2022, the E4-2 mine produced approximately 105,577.11 tons and sold the coal at an average price of 153.43. During the period of ownership by the Company, 100 of the coal sold was sold as industrial stoker and PCI. In 2021, the E4-2 mine produced approximately 79,546.75 tons and sold the coal at an average price of 83.17. During the period of ownership by the Company, 100 of the coal sold was sold as industrial stoker and PCI. Beginning in January 2020, The E4-2 mine was idled due to the adverse market effects Covid-19 global pandemic. The E4-2 Mine was restarted during March 2021. During 2022, the E4-2 Mine was idled due to regional historic flooding and the declared national emergency. Processing and Transportation: The Davidson Branch Preparation Plant is a 1,300 ton-per-hour coal preparation facility located near Hazard, Kentucky. The associated Bluegrass 4 rail loadout is a batch-weight rail loadout with 135 car storage capacity and services by CSX Transportation in their Hazard/Elkhorn rate district. The Davidson Branch Preparation Plant is owned by Perry County Resources. We are currently utilizing less than 10 of the available processing capacity of the Davidson Branch Preparation Plant. Both the Davidson Branch Preparation Plant and the rail loadout are operational, and any work required on any of the plant or loadouts would be routine maintenance. The allocated cost of for the property at Perry County Resources paid by the Company is 1,550,663. Additional Permits: In addition to the above mine, preparation facility, and related permits, Perry County Resources holds four additional coal mining permits that are idled or in development. Any idled mines that are brought into production would require significant upfront capital investment and there is no assurance of the feasibility of any such new operations. Three of the idled permits were sold to an unrelated entity on March 4, 2020 for 700,000 cash and 300,000 of value for equipment. As of the report date, the permits have not been fully transferred as they await final regulatory approval. The transfer of any new permits to the Company is subject to regulatory approval. This approval is subject to the review of both unabated or uncorrected violations that are listed on the Applicator Violator List. The Company, to include several of its subsidiaries, does have unabated and/or uncorrected violations that are listed on the Applicator Violator List. Should the state regulators believe that the Company is not in the process of abating or correcting the currently outstanding issues associated with their currently held permits they may choose not to issue the Company any new permits until such issues are properly rectified. Below is a map showing the location of the Davidson Prep Plant, Bluegrass 4 rail Loadout, and E4-2 Mine at Perry County Resources: 12 Table of Contents Quest Processing LLC Quest Energy s wholly-owned subsidiary, Quest Processing, manages the assets, operations, and personnel of the certain coal processing and transportation facilities of Quest Energy s various other subsidiaries, namely the Supreme Energy Preparation Facility (of Knott County Coal LLC), and Mill Creek Preparation Facility (of Deane Mining LLC). Quest Processing LLC was the recipient of a New Markets Tax Credit loan that allowed for the payment of certain expenses of these preparation facilities. As part of that financing transaction, Quest Energy loaned ERC Mining LLC, an entity owned by members of Quest Energy, Inc. s management, 4,120,000 to facilitate the New Markets Tax Credit loan. ERC Mining LLC is considered a variable interest entity and is consolidated into Quest Energy s financial statements. The credit facility obligation was fulfilled and forgiven in November 2021. ERC Mining Indiana Corporation (the Gold Star Mine) General: Located primarily within Greene and Sullivan Counties, Indiana, ERC Mining Indiana Corporation ERC is currently comprised of one idled underground mine (the Gold Star Mine), one idled coal preparation plant and rail loadout. ERC sold its coal in the past as thermal coal to utilities. The Company does not plan to mine the property and purchased it for monetization of infrastructure assets and to reclaim the property which was in process during 2021. The coal controlled at ERC (along with our other subsidiaries) has not been classified as either proven or probable as defined in the United States Securities and Exchange Commission Items 1300 through 1305 of Regulation S-K, and as a result, do not have any proven or probable reserves under such definition and are classified as an Exploration Stage pursuant to Items 1300 through 1305 of Regulation S-K. Approximate coal deposits owned by ERC is 4,383,298 tons and leased by ERC totals 0 tons. All of the deposits are in reclamation. Mines: The Gold Star Mine is an underground mine in the Indiana IV (aka the Survant) coal seam located near the town of Jasonville, Indiana. Currently idled, the Gold Star Mine has been mined in the past via room-and-pillar mining methods using continuous miners, and the coal is belted directly from the mine to the raw coal stockpile at the preparation plant less than a mile away. The Company is facilitating the full reclamation and remediation of the former mine site. 13 Table of Contents Processing and Transportation: The idled preparation plant is a 165 ton-per-hour coal preparation facility located near the underground mine portal. The rail loadout associated with the preparation plant is a rail loadout serviced by the Indiana Rail Road. The preparation plant has a coarse refuse and slurry impoundment. The allocated cost of for the property at Gold Star paid by the Company is -. Permits: ERC holds one permit that covers the Gold Star Mine, processing plant, rail loadout, and related infrastructure which are in reclamation status. Mineral and Surface Leases Coal mining and processing involves the extraction of coal (mineral) and the use of surface property incidental to such extraction and processing. All of the mineral and surface related to the Company s coal mining operations is leased from various mineral and surface owners (the Leases ). The Company s operating subsidiaries, collectively, are parties to approximately 200 various Leases and other agreements required for the Company s coal mining and processing operations. The Leases are with a variety of Lessors, from individuals to professional land management firms such as the Roadrunner Land Company. In some instances, the Company has leases with Land Resources Royalties LLC (LRR), a professional leasing firm that is an entity wholly owned by Wabash Enterprises, an entity owned by members of the Company s management. Coal Sales ARC sells its coal to domestic and international customers, some which blend ARC s coal at east coast ports with other qualities of coal for export. During the year ended December 31, 2022, coal sales came from the Company s Perry E4-2 mine and McCoy s Carnegie 1 and 2 mines. The Company may, at times, purchase coal from other regional producers to sell on its contracts. Coal sales at the Company is primarily outsource to third party intermediaries who act on the Company s behalf to source potential coal sales and contracts. The third-party intermediaries have no ability to bind the Company to any contracts, and all coal sales are approved by management of the Company. Due to the Covid-19 global pandemic, traditional sales channels have been disrupted. As a supplier of the raw materials into the steel and industrial industries, our customers are sensitive to global fluctuations in steel demand. 14 Table of Contents Competition The coal industry is intensely competitive. The most important factors on which the Company competes are coal quality, delivered costs to the customer and reliability of supply. Our principal domestic competitors will include Corsa Coal Corporation, Ramaco Resources, Blackhawk Mining, Coronado Coal, Arch Resources, Contura Energy, and Warrior Met Coal. Many of these coal producers may have greater financial resources and larger coal deposit bases than we do. We also compete in international markets directly with domestic companies and with companies that produce coal from one or more foreign countries, such as China, Australia, Colombia, Indonesia and South Africa. Legal Proceedings From time to time, we are subject to ordinary routine litigation incidental to our normal business operations. Please see financial statement Note 9 for detail on cases. Environmental, Governmental, and Other Regulatory Matters Our operations are subject to federal, state, and local laws and regulations, such as those relating to matters such as permitting and licensing, employee health and safety, reclamation and restoration of mining properties, water discharges, air emissions, plant and wildlife protection, the storage, treatment and disposal of wastes, remediation of contaminants, surface subsidence from underground mining and the effects of mining on surface water and groundwater conditions. In addition, we may become subject to additional costs for benefits for current and retired coal miners. These environmental laws and regulations include, but are not limited to, SMCRA with respect to coal mining activities and ancillary activities; the CAA with respect to air emissions; the CWA with respect to water discharges and the permitting of key operational infrastructure such as impoundments; RCRA with respect to solid and hazardous waste management and disposal, as well as the regulation of underground storage tanks; the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act CERCLA or Superfund with respect to releases, threatened releases and remediation of hazardous substances; the Endangered Species Act of 1973 ESA with respect to threatened and endangered species; and the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 NEPA with respect to the evaluation of environmental impacts related to any federally issued permit or license. Many of these federal laws have state and local counterparts which also impose requirements and potential liability on our operations. Compliance with these laws and regulations may be costly and time-consuming and may delay commencement, continuation or expansion of exploration or production at our facilities. They may also depress demand for our products by imposing more stringent requirements and limits on our customers operations. Moreover, these laws are constantly evolving and are becoming increasingly complex and stringent over time. These laws and regulations, particularly new legislative or administrative proposals, or judicial interpretations of existing laws and regulations related to the protection of the environment could result in substantially increased capital, operating and compliance costs. Individually and collectively, these developments could have a material adverse effect on our operations directly and/or indirectly, through our customers inability to use our products. Certain implementing regulations for these environmental laws are undergoing revision or have not yet been promulgated. As a result, we cannot always determine the ultimate impact of complying with existing laws and regulations. Due in part to these extensive and comprehensive regulatory requirements and ever- changing interpretations of these requirements, violations of these laws can occur from time to time in our industry and also in our operations. Expenditures relating to environmental compliance are a major cost consideration for our operations and safety and compliance is a significant factor in mine design, both to meet regulatory requirements and to minimize long-term environmental liabilities. To the extent that these expenditures, as with all costs, are not ultimately reflected in the prices of our products and services, operating results will be reduced. In addition, our customers are subject to extensive regulation regarding the environmental impacts associated with the combustion or other use of coal, which may affect demand for our coal. Changes in applicable laws or the adoption of new laws relating to energy production, GHG emissions and other emissions from use of coal products may cause coal to become a less attractive source of energy, which may adversely affect our mining operations, the cost structure and, the demand for coal. For example, if the emissions rates or caps adopted under the CPP on GHGs are upheld or a tax on carbon is imposed, the market share of coal as fuel used to generate electricity would be expected to decrease. 15 Table of Contents We believe that our competitors with operations in the United States are confronted by substantially similar conditions. However, foreign producers and operators may not be subject to similar requirements and may not be required to undertake equivalent costs in or be subject to similar limitations on their operations. As a result, the costs and operating restrictions necessary for compliance with United States environmental laws and regulations may have an adverse effect on our competitive position with regard to those foreign competitors. The specific impact on each competitor may vary depending on a number of factors, including the age and location of its operating facilities, applicable legislation and its production methods. Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act SMCRA establishes operational, reclamation and closure standards for our mining operations and requires that comprehensive environmental protection and reclamation standards be met during the course of and following completion of mining activities. SMCRA also stipulates compliance with many other major environmental statutes, including the CAA, the CWA, the ESA, RCRA and CERCLA. Permits for all mining operations must be obtained from the United States Office of Surface Mining OSM or, where state regulatory agencies have adopted federally approved state programs under SMCRA, the appropriate state regulatory authority. Our operations are located in states which have achieved primary jurisdiction for enforcement of SMCRA through approved state programs. SMCRA imposes a complex set of requirements covering all facets of coal mining. SMCRA regulations govern, among other things, coal prospecting, mine plan development, topsoil or growth medium removal and replacement, disposal of excess spoil and coal refuse, protection of the hydrologic balance, and suitable post mining land uses. From time to time, OSM will also update its mining regulations under SMCRA. For example, in December 2016, OSM finalized a new version of the Stream Protection Rule which became effective in January 2017. The rule would have impacted both surface and underground mining operations, as it would have imposed stricter guidelines on conducting coal mining operations, and would have required more extensive baseline data on hydrology, geology and aquatic biology in permit applications. The rule also required the collection of increased pre-mining data about the site of the proposed mining operation and adjacent areas to establish a baseline for evaluation of the impacts of mining and the effectiveness of reclamation associated with returning streams to pre-mining conditions. However, in February 2017, both the House and Senate passed a resolution disapproving of the Stream Protection Rule pursuant to the Congressional Review Act CRA ). President Trump signed the resolution on February 16, 2017 and, pursuant to the CRA, the Stream Protection Rule shall have no force or effect and cannot be replaced by a similar rule absent future legislation. On November 17, 2017, OSMRE published a Federal Register notice that removed the text of the Stream Protection Rule from the Code of Federal Regulations. Whether Congress will enact future legislation to require a new Stream Protection Rule remains uncertain. The existing rules, or other new SMCRA regulations, could result in additional material costs, obligations and restrictions upon our operations. Abandoned Mine Lands Fund SMCRA also imposes a reclamation fee on all current mining operations, the proceeds of which are deposited in the AML Fund, which is used to restore unreclaimed and abandoned mine lands mined before 1977. The current per ton fee is 0.224 per ton for surface mined coal and 0.096 per ton for underground mined coal. These fees are currently scheduled to be in effect until December 31, 2022. Mining Permits and Approvals Numerous governmental permits and approvals are required for mining operations. We are required to prepare and present to federal, state, and local authorities data detailing the effect or impact that any proposed exploration project for production of coal may have upon the environment, the public and our employees. The permitting rules, and the interpretations of these rules, are complex, change frequently, and may be subject to discretionary interpretations by regulators. The requirements imposed by these permits and associated regulations can be costly and time-consuming and may delay commencement or continuation of exploration, production or expansion at our operations. The governing laws, rules, and regulations authorize substantial fines and penalties, including revocation or suspension of mining permits under some circumstances. Monetary sanctions and, in certain circumstances, even criminal sanctions may be imposed for failure to comply with these laws. Applications for permits and permit renewals at our mining operations are also subject to public comment and potential legal challenges from third parties seeking to prevent a permit from being issued, or to overturn the applicable agency s grant of the permit. Should our permitting efforts become subject to such challenges, they could delay commencement, continuation or expansion of our mining operations. If such comments lead to a formal challenge to the issuance of these permits, the permits may not be issued in a timely fashion, may involve requirements which restrict our ability to conduct our mining operations or to do so profitably, or may not be issued at all. Any delays, denials, or revocation of these or other similar permits we need to operate could reduce our production and materially adversely impact our cash flow and results of our operations. 16 Table of Contents In order to obtain mining permits and approvals from state regulatory authorities, mine operators must also submit a reclamation plan for restoring the mined property to its prior condition, productive use or other permitted condition. The conditions of certain permits also require that we obtain surface owner consent if the surface estate has been split from the mineral estate. This requires us to negotiate with third parties for surface access that overlies coal we acquired or intend to acquire. These negotiations can be costly and time-consuming, lasting years in some instances, which can create additional delays in the permitting process. If we cannot successfully negotiate for land access, we could be denied a permit to mine coal we already own. Finally, we typically submit necessary mining permit applications several months, or even years, before we anticipate mining a new area. However, we cannot control the pace at which the government issues permits needed for new or ongoing operations. For example, the process of obtaining CWA permits can be particularly time-consuming and subject to delays and denials. The EPA also has the authority to veto permits issued by the Corps under the CWA s Section 404 program that prohibits the discharge of dredged or fill material into regulated waters without a permit. Even after we obtain the permits that we need to operate, many of the permits must be periodically renewed, or may require modification. There is some risk that not all existing permits will be approved for renewal, or that existing permits will be approved for renewal only upon terms that restrict or limit our operations in ways that may be material. Financial Assurance Federal and state laws require a mine operator to secure the performance of its reclamation and lease obligations under SMCRA through the use of surety bonds or other approved forms of financial security for payment of certain long-term obligations, including mine closure or reclamation costs. The changes in the market for coal used to generate electricity in recent years have led to bankruptcies involving prominent coal producers. Several of these companies relied on self-bonding to guarantee their responsibilities under the SMCRA permits including for reclamation. In response to these bankruptcies, OSMRE issued a Policy Advisory in August 2016 to state agencies that are authorized under the SMCRA to implement the act in their states. Certain states, including Virginia, had previously announced that it would no longer accept self-bonding to secure reclamation obligations under the state mining laws. This Policy Advisory is intended to discourage authorized states from approving self-bonding arrangements and may lead to increased demand for other forms of financial assurance, which may strain capacity for those instruments and increase our costs of obtaining and maintaining the amounts of financial assurance needed for our operations. In addition, OSMRE announced in August 2016 that it would initiate a rulemaking under SMCRA to revise the requirements for self-bonding. Individually and collectively, these revised various financial assurance requirements may increase the amount of financial assurance needed and limit the types of acceptable instruments, straining the capacity of the surety markets to meet demand. This may delay the timing for and increase the costs of obtaining the required financial assurance. We may use surety bonds, trusts and letters of credit to provide financial assurance for certain transactions and business activities. Federal and state laws require us to obtain surety bonds to secure payment of certain long-term obligations including mine closure or reclamation costs and other miscellaneous obligations. The bonds are renewable on a yearly basis. Surety bond rates have increased in recent years and the market terms of such bonds have generally become less favorable. Sureties typically require coal producers to post collateral, often having a value equal to 40 or more of the face amount of the bond. As a result, we may be required to provide collateral, letters of credit or other assurances of payment in order to obtain the necessary types and amounts of financial assurance. Under our surety bonding program, we are not currently required to post any letters of credit or other collateral to secure the surety bonds; obtaining letters of credit in lieu of surety bonds could result in a significant cost increase. Moreover, the need to obtain letters of credit may also reduce amounts that we can borrow under any senior secured credit facility for other purposes. If, in the future, we are unable to secure surety bonds for these obligations, and are forced to secure letters of credit indefinitely or obtain some other form of financial assurance at too high of a cost, our profitability may be negatively affected. Although our current bonding capacity approved by our sureties, Lexon Insurance Company and Continental Heritage, is substantial and enough to cover our current and anticipated future bonding needs, this amount may increase or decrease over time. As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, we had outstanding surety bonds at all of our mining operations totaling approximately 30.94 million and 31.28 million, respectively. While we anticipate reducing the outstanding surety bonds through continued reclamation of any of our permits, that number may increase should we acquire additional mining permits, acquire additional mining operations, expand our mining operations that result in additional reclamation bonds, or if any of our sites encounters additional environmental liability that may require additional reclamation bonding. While we intend to maintain a credit profile that eliminates the need to post collateral for our surety bonds, our surety has the right to demand additional collateral at its discretion. 17 Table of Contents Mine Safety and Health The Mine Act and the MINER Act, and regulations issued under these federal statutes, impose stringent health and safety standards on mining operations. The regulations that have been adopted under the Mine Act and the MINER Act are comprehensive and affect numerous aspects of mining operations, including training of mine personnel, mining procedures, roof control, ventilation, blasting, use and maintenance of mining equipment, dust and noise control, communications, emergency response procedures, and other matters. MSHA regularly inspects mines to ensure compliance with regulations promulgated under the Mine Act and MINER Act. From time to time MSHA will also publish new regulations imposing additional requirements and costs on our operations. For example, MSHA implemented a rule in August 2014 to lower miners exposure to respirable coal mine dust. The rule requires shift dust to be monitored and reduces the respirable dust standard for designated occupants and miners. MSHA also finalized a new rule in January 2015 on proximity detection systems for continuous mining machines, which requires underground coal mine operators to equip continuous mining machines, except full-face continuous mining machines, with proximity detection systems. Kentucky, West Virginia, and Virginia all have similar programs for mine safety and health regulation and enforcement. The various requirements mandated by federal and state statutes, rules, and regulations place restrictions on our methods of operation and result in fees and civil penalties for violations of such requirements or criminal liability for the knowing violation of such standards, significantly impacting operating costs and productivity. The regulations enacted under the Mine Act and MINER Act as well as under similar state acts are routinely expanded or made more stringent, raising compliance costs and increasing potential liability. Our compliance with current or future mine health and safety regulations could increase our mining costs. At this time, it is not possible to predict the full effect that new or proposed statutes, regulations and policies will have on our operating costs, but any expansion of existing regulations, or making such regulations more stringent may have a negative impact on the profitability of our operations. If we were to be found in violation of mine safety and health regulations, we could face penalties or restrictions that may materially and adversely impact our operations, financial results and liquidity. In addition, government inspectors have the authority to issue orders to shut down our operations based on safety considerations under certain circumstances, such as imminent dangers, accidents, failures to abate violations, and unwarrantable failures to comply with mandatory safety standards. If an incident were to occur at one of our operations, it could be shut down for an extended period of time, and our reputation with prospective customers could be materially damaged. Moreover, if one of our operations is issued a notice of pattern of violations, then MSHA can issue an order withdrawing the miners from the area affected by any enforcement action during each subsequent significant and substantial S S citation until the S S citation or order is abated. In 2013 MSHA modified the pattern of violations regulation, allowing, among other things, the use of non-final citations and orders in determining whether a pattern of violations exists at a mine. Workers Compensation and Black Lung We are insured for workers compensation benefits for work related injuries that occur within our United States operations. We retain exposure for the first 10,000 per accident for all of our subsidiaries and are insured above the deductible for statutory limits. Workers compensation liabilities, including those related to claims incurred but not reported, are recorded principally using annual valuations based on discounted future expected payments using historical data of the operating subsidiary or combined insurance industry data when historical data is limited. State workers compensation acts typically provide for an exception to an employer s immunity from civil lawsuits for workplace injuries in the case of intentional torts. However, Kentucky s workers compensation act provides a much broader exception to workers compensation immunity. The exception allows an injured employee to recover against his or her employer where he or she can show damages caused by an unsafe working condition of which the employer was aware that was a violation of a statute, regulation, rule or consensus industry standard. These types of lawsuits are not uncommon and could have a significant impact on our operating costs. The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act includes significant changes to the federal black lung program including an automatic survivor benefit paid upon the death of a miner with an awarded black lung claim and the establishment of a rebuttable presumption with regard to pneumoconiosis among miners with 15 or more years of coal mine employment that are totally disabled by a respiratory condition. These changes could have a material impact on our costs expended in association with the federal black lung program. In addition to possibly incurring liability under federal statutes, we may also be liable under state laws for black lung claims. 18 Table of Contents Clean Air Act The CAA and comparable state laws that regulate air emissions affect coal mining operations both directly and indirectly. Direct impacts on coal mining and processing operations include CAA permitting requirements and emission control requirements relating to air pollutants, including particulate matter such as fugitive dust. The CAA indirectly affects coal mining operations by extensively regulating the emissions of particulate matter, sulfur dioxide, nitrogen oxides, mercury and other compounds emitted by coal-fired power plants. In addition to the GHG issues discussed below, the air emissions programs that may materially and adversely affect our operations, financial results, liquidity, and demand for our coal, directly or indirectly, include, but are not limited to, the following: Clean Air Interstate Rule and Cross-State Air Pollution Rule . the Clean Air Interstate Rule CAIR calls for power plants in 28 states and the District of Columbia to reduce emission levels of sulfur dioxide and nitrogen oxide pursuant to a cap-and-trade program similar to the system now in effect for acid rain. In June 2011, the EPA finalized the Cross-State Air Pollution Rule CSAPR ), a replacement rule to CAIR, which requires 28 states in the Midwest and eastern seaboard of the U.S. to reduce power plant emissions that cross state lines and contribute to ozone and/or fine particle pollution in other states. Following litigation over the rule, the EPA issued an interim final rule reconciling the CSAPR rule with a court order, which calls for Phase 1 implementation of CSAPR in 2015 and Phase 2 implementation in 2017. In September 2016, the EPA finalized an update to CSAPR for the 2008 ozone NAAQS by issuing the final CSAPR Update. Beginning in May 2017, this rule will reduce summertime (May September) nitrogen oxide emissions from power plants in 22 states in the eastern United States. For states to meet their requirements under CSAPR, a number of coal-fired electric generating units will likely need to be retired, rather than retrofitted with the necessary emission control technologies, reducing demand for thermal coal. However, the practical impact of CSAPR may be limited because utilities in the U.S. have continued to take steps to comply with CAIR, which requires similar power plant emissions reductions, and because utilities are preparing to comply with the Mercury and Air Toxics Standards MATS regulations, which require overlapping power plant emissions reductions. Acid Rain . Title IV of the CAA requires reductions of sulfur dioxide emissions by electric utilities and applies to all coal-fired power plants generating greater than 25 Megawatts of power. Affected power plants have sought to reduce sulfur dioxide emissions by switching to lower sulfur fuels, installing pollution control devices, reducing electricity generating levels or purchasing or trading sulfur dioxide emission allowances. These reductions could impact our customers in the electric generation industry. These requirements are not supplanted by CSAPR. NAAQS for Criterion Pollutants . The CAA requires the EPA to set standards, referred to as NAAQS, for six common air pollutants: carbon monoxide, nitrogen dioxide, lead, ozone, particulate matter and sulfur dioxide. Areas that are not in compliance (referred to as non-attainment areas) with these standards must take steps to reduce emissions levels. The EPA has adopted more stringent NAAQS for nitrogen oxide, sulfur dioxide, particulate matter and ozone. As a result, some states will be required to amend their existing individual state implementation plans SIPs to achieve compliance with the new air quality standards. Other states will be required to develop new plans for areas that were previously in attainment, but do not meet the revised standards. For example, in October 2015, the EPA finalized the NAAQS for ozone pollution and reduced the limit to parts per billion (ppb) from the previous 75 ppb standard. Under the revised ozone NAAQS, significant additional emissions control expenditures may be required at coal-fired power plants. The final rules and new standards may impose additional emissions control requirements on our customers in the electric generation, steelmaking, and coke industries. Because coal mining operations emit particulate matter and sulfur dioxide, our mining operations could be affected when the new standards are implemented by the states. Nitrogen Oxide SIP Call . The nitrogen oxide SIP Call program was established by the EPA in October 1998 to reduce the transport of nitrogen oxide and ozone on prevailing winds from the Midwest and South to states in the Northeast, which alleged that they could not meet federal air quality standards because of migrating pollution. The program is designed to reduce nitrogen oxide emissions by one million tons per year in 22 eastern states and the District of Columbia. As a result of the program, many power plants have been or will be required to install additional emission control measures, such as selective catalytic reduction devices. Installation of additional emission control measures will make it costlier to operate coal-fired power plants, potentially making coal a less attractive fuel. Mercury and Hazardous Air Pollutants . In February 2012, the EPA formally adopted the MATS rule to regulate emissions of mercury and other metals, fine particulates, and acid gases such as hydrogen chloride from coal- and oil-fired power plants. Following a legal challenge to MATS, the EPA issued a new determination in April 2016 that it is appropriate and necessary to regulate these pollutants from power plants. Like CSAPR, MATS and other similar future regulations could accelerate the retirement of a significant number of coal-fired power plants. Such retirements would likely adversely impact our business. 19 Table of Contents Global Climate Change Climate change continues to attract considerable public and scientific attention. There is widespread concern about the contributions of human activity to such changes, especially through the emission of GHGs. There are three primary sources of GHGs associated with the coal industry. First, the end use of our coal by our customers in electricity generation, coke plants, and steelmaking is a source of GHGs. Second, combustion of fuel by equipment used in coal production and to transport our coal to our customers is a source of GHGs. Third, coal mining itself can release methane, which is considered to be a more potent GHG than CO2, directly into the atmosphere. These emissions from coal consumption, transportation and production are subject to pending and proposed regulation as part of initiatives to address global climate change. As a result, numerous proposals have been made and are likely to continue to be made at the international, national, regional and state levels of government to monitor and limit emissions of GHGs. Collectively, these initiatives could result in higher electric costs to our customers or lower the demand for coal used in electric generation, which could in turn adversely impact our business. At present, we are principally focused on metallurgical coal production, which is not used in connection with the production of power generation. However, we may seek to sell greater amounts of our coal into the power-generation market in the future. The market for our coal may be adversely impacted if comprehensive legislation or regulations focusing on GHG emission reductions are adopted, or if our customers are unable to obtain financing for their operations. At the international level, the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change released an international climate agreement in December 2015. The agreement has been ratified by more than 70 countries, and entered into force in November 2016. Although this agreement does not create any binding obligations for nations to limit their GHG emissions, it does include pledges to voluntarily limit or reduce future emissions. In addition, in November 2014, President Obama announced that the United States would seek to cut net GHG emissions 26-28 percent below 2005 levels by 2025 in return for China s commitment to seek to peak emissions around 2030, with concurrent increases in renewable energy. At the federal level, no comprehensive climate change legislation has been implemented to date. The EPA has, however, has determined that emissions of GHGs present an endangerment to public health and the environment, because emissions of GHGs are, according to the EPA, contributing to the warming of the earth s atmosphere and other climatic changes. Based on these findings, the EPA has begun adopting and implementing regulations to restrict emissions of GHGs under existing provisions of the CAA. For example, in August 2015, EPA finalized the CPP to cut carbon emissions from existing power plants. The CPP creates individualized emission guidelines for states to follow and requires each state to develop an implementation plan to meet the individual state s specific targets for reducing GHG emissions. The EPA also proposed a federal compliance plan to implement the CPP in the event that a state does not submit an approvable plan to the EPA. In February 2016, the U.S. Supreme Court granted a stay of the implementation of the CPP. This stay suspends the rule and will remain in effect until the completion of the appeals process. The Supreme Court s stay only applies to EPA s regulations for CO2 emissions from existing power plants and will not affect EPA s standards for new power plants. If the CPP is ultimately upheld and depending on how it is implemented by the states, it could have an adverse impact on the demand for coal for electric generation. At the state level, several states have already adopted measures requiring GHG emissions to be reduced within state boundaries, including cap-and-trade programs and the imposition of renewable energy portfolio standards. Various states and regions have also adopted GHG initiatives and certain governmental bodies, have imposed, or are considering the imposition of, fees or taxes based on the emission of GHGs by certain facilities. A number of states have also enacted legislative mandates requiring electricity suppliers to use renewable energy sources to generate a certain percentage of power. The uncertainty over the outcome of litigation challenging the CPP and the extent of future regulation of GHG emissions may inhibit utilities from investing in the building of new coal-fired plants to replace older plants or investing in the upgrading of existing coal-fired plants. Any reduction in the amount of coal consumed by electric power generators as a result of actual or potential regulation of GHG emissions could decrease demand for our coal, thereby reducing our revenues and materially and adversely affecting our business and results of operations. We or prospective customers may also have to invest in CO2 capture and storage technologies in order to burn coal and comply with future GHG emission standards. Finally, there have been attempts to encourage greater regulation of coalbed methane because methane has a greater GHG effect than CO2. Methane from coal mines can give rise to safety concerns and may require that various measures be taken to mitigate those risks. If new laws or regulations were introduced to reduce coalbed methane emissions, those rules could adversely affect our costs of operations by requiring installation of air pollution controls, higher taxes, or costs incurred to purchase credits that permit us to continue operations. 20 Table of Contents Clean Water Act The CWA and corresponding state laws and regulations affect coal mining operations by restricting the discharge of pollutants, including dredged or fill materials, into waters of the United States. Likewise, permits are required under the CWA to construct impoundments, fills or other structure in areas that are designated as waters of the United States. The CWA provisions and associated state and federal regulations are complex and subject to amendments, legal challenges and changes in implementation. Recent court decisions, regulatory actions and proposed legislation have created uncertainty over CWA jurisdiction and permitting requirements. Prior to discharging any pollutants into waters of the United States, coal mining companies must obtain a National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System NPDES permit from the appropriate state or federal permitting authority. NPDES permits include effluent limitations for discharged pollutants and other terms and conditions, including required monitoring of discharges. Failure to comply with the CWA or NPDES permits can lead to the imposition of significant penalties, litigation, compliance costs and delays in coal production. Changes and proposed changes in state and federally recommended water quality standards may result in the issuance or modification of permits with new or more stringent effluent limits or terms and conditions. For instance, waters. For instance, waters that states have designated as impaired (i.e., as not meeting present water quality standards) are subject to Total Maximum Daily Load regulations, which may lead to the adoption of more stringent discharge standards for our coal mines and could require more costly treatment. Likewise, the water quality of certain receiving streams requires an anti-degradation review before approving any discharge permits. TMDL regulations and anti-degradation policies may increase the cost, time and difficulty associated with obtaining and complying with NPDES permits. In addition, in certain circumstances private citizens may challenge alleged violations of NPDES permit limits in court. While it is difficult to predict the outcome of any potential or future suits, such litigation could result in increased compliance costs following the completion of mining at our operations. Finally, in June 2015, the EPA and the Corps published a new definition of waters of the United States WOTUS that became effective on August 28, 2015. Many groups have filed suit to challenge the validity of this rule. The U.S. Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit stayed the rule nationwide pending the outcome of this litigation. On January 22, 2018, the Supreme Court held that the courts of appeals do not have original jurisdiction to review challenges to the 2015 Rule. With this final rule, the agencies intend to maintain the status quo by adding an applicability date to the 2015 Rule and thus providing continuity and regulatory certainty for regulated entities, the States and Tribes, and the public while the agencies continue to consider possible revisions to the 2015 Rule. In light of this holding, in February 2018 the agencies published a final rule adding an applicability date to the 2015 Rule of February 6, 2020. We anticipate that the WOTUS rules, if upheld in litigation, will expand areas requiring NPDES or Corps Section 404 permits. If so, the CWA permits we need may not be issued, may not be issued in a timely fashion, or may be issued with new requirements which restrict our ability to conduct our mining operations or to do so profitably. Resource Conservation and Recovery Act RCRA and corresponding state laws establish standards for the management of solid and hazardous wastes generated at our various facilities. Besides affecting current waste disposal practices, RCRA also addresses the environmental effects of certain past hazardous waste treatment, storage and disposal practices. In addition, RCRA requires certain of our facilities to evaluate and respond to any past release, or threatened release, of a hazardous substance that may pose a risk to human health or the environment. RCRA may affect coal mining operations by establishing requirements for the proper management, handling, transportation and disposal of solid and hazardous wastes. Currently, certain coal mine wastes, such as earth and rock covering a mineral deposit (commonly referred to as overburden) and coal cleaning wastes, are exempted from hazardous waste management under RCRA. Any change or reclassification of this exemption could significantly increase our coal mining costs. EPA began regulating coal ash as a solid waste under Subtitle D of RCRA in 2015. The EPA s rule requires closure of sites that fail to meet prescribed engineering standards, regular inspections of impoundments, and immediate remediation and closure of unlined ponds that are polluting ground water. The rule also establishes limits for the location of new sites. However, the rule does not regulate closed coal ash impoundments unless they are located at active power plants. These requirements, as well as any future changes in the management of coal combustion residues, could increase our customers operating costs and potentially reduce their ability or need to purchase coal. In addition, contamination caused by the past disposal of coal combustion residues, including coal ash, could lead to material liability for our customers under RCRA or other federal or state laws and potentially further reduce the demand for coal. 21 Table of Contents Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act CERCLA and similar state laws affect coal mining operations by, among other things, imposing cleanup requirements for threatened or actual releases of hazardous substances into the environment. Under CERCLA and similar state laws, joint and several liabilities may be imposed on hazardous substance generators, site owners, transporters, lessees and others regardless of fault or the legality of the original disposal activity. Although the EPA excludes most wastes generated by coal mining and processing operations from the primary hazardous waste laws, such wastes can, in certain circumstances, constitute hazardous substances for the purposes of CERCLA. In addition, the disposal, release or spilling of some products used by coal companies in operations, such as chemicals, could trigger the liability provisions of CERCLA or similar state laws. Thus, we may be subject to liability under CERCLA and similar state laws for coal mines that we currently own, lease or operate or that we or our predecessors have previously owned, leased or operated, and sites to which we or our predecessors sent hazardous substances. These liabilities could be significant and materially and adversely impact our financial results and liquidity. Endangered Species and Bald and Golden Eagle Protection Acts The ESA and similar state legislation protect species designated as threatened, endangered or other special status. The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service (the USFWS works closely with the OSM and state regulatory agencies to ensure that species subject to the ESA are protected from mining-related impacts. Several species indigenous to the areas in which we operate area protected under the ESA. Other species in the vicinity of our operations may have their listing status reviewed in the future and could also become protected under the ESA. In addition, the USFWS has identified bald eagle habitat in some of the counties where we operate. The Bald and Golden Eagle Protection Act prohibits taking certain actions that would harm bald or golden eagles without obtaining a permit from the USFWS. Compliance with the requirements of the ESA and the Bald and Golden Eagle Protection Act could have the effect of prohibiting or delaying us from obtaining mining permits. These requirements may also include restrictions on timber harvesting, road building and other mining or agricultural activities in areas containing the affected species or their habitats. Use of Explosives Our surface mining operations are subject to numerous regulations relating to blasting activities. Due to these regulations, we will incur costs to design and implement blast schedules and to conduct pre-blast surveys and blast monitoring, either directly or through the costs of a contractor we may employ. In addition, the storage of explosives is subject to various regulatory requirements. For example, pursuant to a rule issued by the Department of Homeland Security in 2007, facilities in possession of chemicals of interest (including ammonium nitrate at certain threshold levels) are required to complete a screening review. Our mines are low risk, Tier 4 facilities which are not subject to additional security plans. In 2008, the Department of Homeland Security proposed regulation of ammonium nitrate under the ammonium nitrate security rule. Additional requirements may include tracking and verifications for each transaction related to ammonium nitrate, though a final rule has yet to be issued. Finally, in December 2014, the OSM announced its decision to pursue a rulemaking to revise regulations under SMCRA which will address all blast generated fumes and toxic gases. OSM has not yet issued a proposed rule to address these blasts. The outcome of these rulemakings could materially adversely impact our cost or ability to conduct our mining operations. National Environmental Policy Act NEPA requires federal agencies, including the Department of Interior, to evaluate major agency actions that have the potential to significantly impact the environment, such as issuing a permit or other approval. In the course of such evaluations, an agency will typically prepare an environmental assessment to determine the potential direct, indirect and cumulative impacts of a proposed project. Where the activities in question have significant impacts to the environment, the agency must prepare an environmental impact statement. Compliance with NEPA can be time-consuming and may result in the imposition of mitigation measures that could affect the amount of coal that we are able to produce from mines on federal lands and may require public comment. Furthermore, whether agencies have complied with NEPA is subject to protest, appeal or litigation, which can delay or halt projects. The NEPA review process, including potential disputes regarding the level of evaluation required for climate change impacts, may extend the time and/or increase the costs and difficulty of obtaining necessary governmental approvals, and may lead to litigation regarding the adequacy of the NEPA analysis, which could delay or potentially preclude the issuance of approvals or grant of leases. 22 Table of Contents The Council on Environmental Quality recently released guidance discussing how federal agencies should consider the effects of GHG emissions and climate change in their NEPA evaluations. The guidance encourages agencies to provide more detailed discussion of the direct, indirect, and cumulative impacts of a proposed action s reasonably foreseeable emissions and effects. This guidance could create additional delays and costs in the NEPA review process or in our operations, or even an inability to obtain necessary federal approvals for our operations due to the increased risk of legal challenges from environmental groups seeking additional analysis of climate impacts. Other Environmental Laws We are required to comply with numerous other federal, state, and local environmental laws and regulations in addition to those previously discussed. These additional laws include but are not limited to the Safe Drinking Water Act, the Toxic Substances Control Act, and the Emergency Planning and Community Right-to-Know Act. Each of these laws can impact permitting or planned operations and can result in additional costs or operational delays. Property Our principal offices are located at 12115 Visionary Way, Fishers, Indiana 46038. We pay 5,869 per month in rent for the office space and the rental lease expires December 2032. We also rent office space from an affiliated entity, LRR, at 11000 Highway 7 South, Kite, Kentucky 41828 and pay 1,702 per month rent and the rental lease expires January 1, 2030. On August 17, 2021, ReElement entered into a Commercial Land Lease sublease agreement with Land Betterment for nearly 7 acres of land for the purpose of building a commercial grade critical element purification facility. The sublease is for the period of 5 years with a rate of 3,500 a month. On October 8, 2021, ReElement entered into a Commercial Lease for 6,700 square feet of warehouse space for the purpose of building a commercial grade critical element purification facility. This for the period of 2 years with a rate of 4,745.83 a month. The Company also utilizes various office spaces on-site at its coal mining operations and coal preparation plant locations in eastern Kentucky, with such rental payments covered under any surface lease contracts with any of the surface land owners. Employees ARC, through its operating subsidiaries, employs a combination of company employees and contract labor to mine coal, process coal, and related functions. The Company is continually evaluating the use of company employees and contract labor to determine the optimal mix of each, given the needs of the Company. Currently, McCoy Elkhorn s Carnegie 1 and 2 Mines and Perry s E4-1 mine and are primarily run by contract labor under Company management and direction, and the Company s various coal preparation facilities are run by contract labor. The Company currently has approximately 17 direct employees. The Company is headquartered in Fishers, Indiana with four members of the Company s executive team based at this location. Item 1A. Risk Factors. Because we are a Smaller Reporting Company, we are not required to provide the information required by this item. 23 Table of Contents Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. None. Item 2. Properties. Our principal offices are located at 12115 Visionary Way, Fishers, Indiana 46038. We pay 5,869 per month in rent for the office space and the rental lease expires December 2032. We also rent office space from an affiliated entity, LRR, at 11000 Highway 7 South, Kite, Kentucky 41828 and pay 1,702 per month rent and the rental lease expires January 1, 2030. On August 17, 2021, American Rare Earth entered into a Commercial Land Lease sublease agreement with Land Betterment for nearly 7 acres of land for the purpose of building a commercial grade critical element purification facility. The sublease is for the period of 5 years with a rate of 3,500 a month. On October 8, 2021, American Rare Earth entered into a Commercial Lease for 6,700 square feet of warehouse space for the purpose of building a commercial grade critical element purification facility. This for the period of 2 years with a rate of 4,745.83 a month. The Company also utilizes various office spaces on-site at its coal mining operations and coal preparation plant locations in eastern Kentucky, with such rental payments covered under any surface lease contracts with any of the surface land owners. Item 3. Legal Proceedings. From time to time, we are subject to ordinary routine litigation incidental to our normal business operations. Please see financial statement note 9 for detail on cases. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. The information concerning mine safety violations or other regulatory matters required by Section 1503(a) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and Item 104 of Regulation S-K is included in Exhibit 95.1 to this Annual Report. 24 Table of Contents PART II. Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. Market Information. Our Class A Common Stock (also referred to as common stock or shares) is presently traded on the NASDAQ Capital Market under the ticker symbol AREC. Our common stock has been thinly traded since our Company s inception. Moreover, we do not believe that any institutional or other large-scale trading of our stock has occurred or will in fact occur in the near future. The following table sets forth information as reported by the Nasdaq Capital Markets for the high and low bid and ask prices for each of the eight quarters ending December 31, 2022 for our common stock. The following prices reflect inter-dealer prices without retail markup, markdown or commissions and may not reflect actual transactions. High Low Quarters ending in 2021 March 31 8.02 1.08 June 30 4.20 2.59 September 30 2.64 1.75 December 31 2.67 1.59 Quarters ending in 2022 March 31 2.64 2.32 June 30 1.45 1.37 September 30 2.74 2.60 December 31 1.33 1.21 (b) Holders As of March 30, 2023, the Company had 153 Class A Common Stock shareholders of record holding 78,213,454 shares of our Class A Common Stock issued and outstanding. This number includes one position at Cede Co., which includes an unknown number of shareholders holding shares of 49,847,753 Class A Common Stock. The number of both shareholders of record and beneficial shareholders may change on a daily basis and without the Company s immediate knowledge. (c) Dividends Holders of common stock are entitled to receive dividends as may be declared by our Board of Directors and, in the event of liquidation, to share pro rata in any distribution of assets after payment of liabilities and preferred shareholders. Our Board of Directors has sole discretion to determine: (i) whether to declare a dividend; (ii) the dividend rate, if any, on the shares of any class of series of our capital stock, and if so, from which date or dates; and (iii) the relative rights of priority of payment of dividends, if any, between the various classes and series of our capital stock. We have not paid any dividends and do not have any current plans to pay any dividends. 25 Table of Contents Public market for common stock Effective, February 15, 2019, The Company s Common Stock began trading on the NASDAQ Capital Market. On January 6, 2021, the Company received a notice of deficiency related to Nasdaq s required annual shareholder meeting standards which was cleared on April 26, 2021. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities. CLASS A COMMON STOCK During the periods ending December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company engaged in the sale of its unregistered securities as described below. The shares of our Class A Common Stock were issued pursuant to an exemption from registration in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933. These shares of our Class A Common Stock qualified for exemption under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933 since the issuance of shares by us did not involve a public offering. The offering was not a public offering as defined in Section 4(a)(2) due to the insubstantial number of persons involved in the deal, size of the offering, manner of the offering and number of shares offered. We did not undertake an offering in which we sold a high number of shares to a high number of investors. In addition, these shareholders had necessary investment intent as required by Section 4(a)(2) since they agreed to receive share certificates bearing a legend stating that such shares are restricted pursuant to Rule 144 of the 1933 Act. This restriction ensures that these shares would not be immediately redistributed into the market and therefore not be part of a public offering. All shareholders are sophisticated investors and are family members, friends or business acquaintances of our officers and directors. Based on an analysis of the above factors, we believe we have met the requirements to qualify for exemption under section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933 for this transaction. On March 17, 2021, 425,000 of restricted common shares were sold. Gross proceeds to the Company amounted to 1,275,000. On June 9, 2021, the Company issued 8,600,000 shares of Class A Common Stock. Net proceeds to the Company after offering expenses amounted to 27,943,000. 26 Table of Contents During 2021, the Company issued 3,826,532 share of Class A Common Stock pursuant to warrant conversions. During 2021, the Company issued 6,242,859 shares of Class A Common Stock pursuant to debt conversions. During 2021, the Company issued 162,000 shares of Class A Common Stock pursuant to various consulting arrangements. During 2021, the Company re-purchased 0 shares of Class A Common Stock pursuant to stock re-purchase program. During 2022, the Company issued 1,587,916 share of Class A Common Stock pursuant to warrant conversions. During 2022, the Company issued 6,242,859 shares of Class A Common Stock pursuant to debt conversions. During 2022, the Company issued 137,250 shares of Class A Common Stock pursuant to various consulting arrangements. During 2022, the Company re-purchased 86,410 shares of Class A Common Stock pursuant to stock re-purchase program. SERIES A PREFERRED STOCK Our certificate of incorporation authorizes our board of directors, subject to any limitations prescribed by law, without further stockholder approval, to establish and to issue from time to time our Series A Preferred stock, par value 0.0001 per share, covering up to an aggregate of 5,000,000 shares of Series A Preferred stock. The Series A Preferred stock will cover the number of shares and will have the powers, preferences, rights, qualifications, limitations and restrictions determined by the board of directors, which may include, among others, dividend rights, liquidation preferences, voting rights, conversion rights, preemptive rights and redemption rights. Except as provided by law or in a preferred stock designation, the holders of preferred stock will not be entitled to vote at or receive notice of any meeting of stockholders. Effective November 5, 2018, the eleven Series A Preferred holders elected to proportionally convert a total of 4,336,012 of the 4,817,792 total Series A Preferred stock outstanding into 14,453,373 common shares of the company, and as a result, 481,780 shares of Series A Preferred stock remained. On February 14, 2019, the remaining outstanding shares of Series A Preferred stock were converted into 1,509,070 common shares of the company. Pursuant to the Series A Preferred Stock Designation, the holders of the Series A Preferred stock are entitled to three hundred thirty-three and one-third votes, on an as-converted basis, per each Series A Preferred share held of record on all matters to be voted upon by the stockholders. The holders of the Series A Preferred stock are not entitled to receive dividends. The holders of the Series A Preferred stock are entitled to convert into common shares, at the holder s discretion, at a rate of one Series A Preferred share for three and one-third common shares. Any fractional common shares created by the conversion is rounded to the nearest whole common share. Upon our liquidation, dissolution, distribution of assets or other winding up, the holders of the Series A Preferred stock shall be entitled to receive in preference to the holders of the Common Stock a per share amount equal to 1.65 per share. 27 Table of Contents SERIES B PREFERRED STOCK Our certificate of incorporation authorizes our Board of Directors, subject to any limitations prescribed by law, without further stockholder approval, to establish and to issue from time to time our Series B Preferred stock, par value 0.001 per share, covering up to an aggregate of 20,000,000 shares of Series B Preferred stock. The Series B Preferred stock will cover the number of shares and will have the powers, preferences, rights, qualifications, limitations and restrictions determined by the Board of Directors, which may include, among others, dividend rights, liquidation preferences, voting rights, conversion rights, preemptive rights and redemption rights. Except as provided by law or in a preferred stock designation, the holders of preferred stock will not be entitled to vote at or receive notice of any meeting of stockholders. As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, 0 shares of Series B Preferred stock are outstanding, respectively. The amount outstanding as of 2017 includes 850,000 shares of Series B Preferred stock issued to investors and 53,157 shares of Series B Preferred stock issued as part of the 8.0 annual dividend that is accrued and paid in-kind, as described below. The holders of Series B Preferred shares are entitled to no voting rights until the holder converts any or all of their Series B Preferred shares to common shares. The holders of the Series B Preferred shall accrue and pay-in-kind with additional Series B Preferred stock a dividend based on an 8.0 annual percentage rate, compounded quarterly in arrears, for any Series B Preferred stock that is outstanding at the end of such prior quarter. The holders of the Series B Preferred stock are entitled to convert into common shares, at the holder s discretion, at a conversion price of Three Dollars Sixty Cents 3.60) per share of common stock, subject to certain price adjustments found in the Series B Preferred stock purchase agreements. Upon our liquidation, dissolution, distribution of assets or other winding up, the holders of Series B Preferred shares shall have a liquidation preference to the common shares and Series A Preferred shares outstanding in the amount equal to the amount initially invested by the Series B Preferred holder in the Series B Preferred stock at the time of such investment minus the pro rata amount that has been converted into common stock or redeemed. On November 7, 2018, all outstanding shares totaling 964,290 Series B preferred shares were converted into 267,859 common shares of the company in a cashless conversion. SERIES C PREFERRED STOCK Our certificate of incorporation authorizes our Board of Directors, subject to any limitations prescribed by law, without further stockholder approval, to establish and to issue from time to time our Series C Preferred stock, par value 0.001 per share, covering up to an aggregate of 20,000,000 shares of Series C Preferred stock. The Series C Preferred stock will cover the number of shares and will have the powers, preferences, rights, qualifications, limitations and restrictions determined by the Board of Directors, which may include, among others, dividend rights, liquidation preferences, voting rights, conversion rights, preemptive rights and redemption rights. Except as provided by law or in a preferred stock designation, the holders of preferred stock will not be entitled to vote at or receive notice of any meeting of stockholders. The holders of Series C Preferred shares are entitled to vote on an as-converted basis of one share of Series C Preferred Stock voting for one vote of common stock. The holders of the Series C Preferred shall accrue and pay-in-kind with additional Series C Preferred stock a dividend based on an 10.0 annual percentage rate, compounded annually in arrears, for any Series C Preferred stock that is outstanding at the end of such prior year. The holders of the Series C Preferred stock are entitled to convert into common shares, at the holder s discretion, at a conversion price of Six Dollars 6.00) per share of common stock, subject to certain price adjustments found in the Series C Preferred stock purchase agreements. Should the company complete an equity offering (including any offering convertible into equity of the Company) of greater than Five Million Dollars 5,000,000) (the Underwritten Offering ), then the Series C Preferred stock shall be automatically and without notice convertible into Common Stock of the company concurrently with the subsequent Underwritten Offering at the same per share offering price of the Underwritten Offering. If the Underwritten Offering occurs within twelve months of the issuance of the Series C Preferred stock to the holder, the annual dividend of 10.0 shall become immediately accrued to the balance of the Series C Preferred stock and converted into the Underwritten Offering. Upon our liquidation, dissolution, distribution of assets or other winding up, the holders of Series C Preferred shares shall have a liquidation preference to the common shares at an amount equal to 1.00 per share. On November 27, 2018, 50,000 shares of Series C preferred shares were sold at 1.00 per share resulting in proceeds of 50,000 for the Company. On February 21, 2019, all outstanding shares totaling 50,000 of Series C preferred shares were converted into 122,750 shares of Class A Common Stock in a cashless exchange. 28 Table of Contents BLANK CHECK PREFERRED STOCK Our certificate of incorporation authorizes our board of directors, subject to any limitations prescribed by law, without further stockholder approval, to establish and to issue from time to time up to an aggregate of 70,000,000 shares of preferred stock that is considered blank check . The blank check preferred stock shall be designed by the Board of Directors at the time of classification OPTIONS AND WARRANTS On June 18, 2020, the Board issued a total of 750,000 options to 2 employees of the Company under the 2018 Plan. The options have an expiration date of June 17, 2027 and have an exercise price of 2.630. The options vested equally over the course of seven years, subject to restrictions regarding the employee s continued employment by the Company. On July 16, 2020, the Board issued a total of 50,000 options to a director of the Company under the 2018 Plan as amended. The options have an expiration date of March 15, 2021 and vest immediately. On November 23, 2020, the Board issued a total of 302,439 options to 3 employees and 4 directors. The options have an expiration of November 22, 2027 and vest immediately. On January 26, 2021, the Company issued Common Stock Purchase Warrant A-10 for rare earth capture advisory. The warrant provides the option to purchase 10,000 Class A Common Shares at a price of 2.05. The warrants expire on January 26, 2024. On February 2, 2021, the Company issued Common Stock Purchase Warrant C-37 in conjunction with the issuance of 600,000 convertible note. The warrant provides the option to purchase 60,000 Class A Common Shares at a price of 1.50. The warrants expire on February 2, 2023. On February 7, 2021, the Company issued Common Stock Purchase Warrant A-11 for rare earth processing advisory. The warrant provides the option to purchase 50,000 Class A Common Shares at a price of 4.25. The warrants expire on February 7, 2026. On March 11, 2021, the Company issued Common Stock Purchase Warrant C-38 in conjunction with a restricted stock purchase. The warrant provides the option to purchase 42,500 Class A Common Shares at a price of 5.00. The warrants expire on March 11, 2023. On March 12, 2021, the Company issued Common Stock Purchase Warrant C-39 in conjunction with a restricted stock purchase. The warrant provides the option to purchase 42,500 Class A Common Shares at a price of 5.00. The warrants expire on March 12, 2023. On March 15, 2021, the Company issued Common Stock Purchase Warrant C-39 in conjunction with consulting services. The warrant provides the option to purchase 75,000 Class A Common Shares at a price of 4.59. The warrants expire on March 15, 2026. On March 16, 2021, the Company issued Common Stock Purchase Warrant C-40 in conjunction with a restricted stock purchase. The warrant provides the option to purchase 21,250 Class A Common Shares at a price of 5.00. The warrants expire on March 16, 2023. On June 9, 2021, the Company issued Common Stock Purchase Warrant C-38 in conjunction with a common stock offering. The warrant provides the option to purchase 2,150,000 Class A Common Shares at a price of 3.50. The warrants expire on June 9, 2026. On June 9, 2021, the Company issued Common Stock Purchase Warrant C-39 in conjunction with a common stock offering. The warrant provides the option to purchase 2,150,000 Class A Common Shares at a price of 3.50. The warrants expire on June 9, 2026. On July 20, 2021, the Company issued 150,000 Employee Stock options under the current plan. The options vest over their 7-year life. On September 3, 2021, the Company issued 100,000 Employee Stock options under the current plan. The options vest over their 7-year life. During December 2021, the Company issued 1,020,000 Employee Stock options under the current plan. The individual option awards vest over a period of 1 to 9 years. During July and September 2022, the Company issued 2,675,000 Employee Stock options under the current plan. The individual option awards vest over a period of 1 to 9 years. On July 28, 2022, the Company issued Common Stock Purchase Warrant A-12 in conjunction with a IR Services. The warrant provides the option to purchase 60,000 Class A Common Shares at a price of 3.50. The warrants expire on July 28, 2026. During the period the options and warrants are outstanding, we will reserve from our authorized and unissued common stock a sufficient number of shares to provide for the issuance of shares of common stock underlying the options and warrants upon the exercise of the options and warrants. No fractional shares will be issued upon the exercise of the options or warrants. The options and warrants are not listed on any securities exchange. Except as otherwise provided within the option or warrant, the option and warrant holders have no rights or privileges as members of the Company until they exercise their options or warrants. 29 Table of Contents Item 6. Selected Financial Data. The registrant qualifies as a smaller reporting company, as defined by Rule 229.10(f)(1) and is not required to provide the information required by this Item. Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. The following Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations contain forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those set forth under Risk Factors and elsewhere in this report . The management s discussion, analysis of financial condition, and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and notes thereto contained elsewhere in this annual report. Overview. Our primary source of revenue is the sale of metallurgical coal and coal used in pulverized coal injection (PCI). Both metallurgical and PCI coal is an essential building block in the steel manufacturing process. The overall outlook of the metallurgical coal business is dependent on a variety of factors such as pricing, regulatory uncertainties and global economic conditions. Coal consumption and production in the U.S. have been driven in recent periods by several market dynamics and trends, such as the global economy, a strong U.S. dollar and accelerating production cuts. Results of Operations. Year Ended December 31, 2022 compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021. Revenues. Revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 39,474,269 and 2021 were 7,755,306, respectively. The primary drivers for revenue increase was additional demand for coal since Covid-19. Trends which led to revenue growth were the re-opening of our mines after Covid-19 lock down and demand for our coal and the products that it is used in. To meet specific demand and customer requests, Perry County and Carnegie 1 were re-opened. These two mines were re-opened before others because they offered the desired quality of our customers while focusing on the steel and specialty markets. Contribution of revenues: Year ended 2022 For the year ended 2022, tons sold to steel making end users amounted to 105,607.10 with a realized sales price of 233.11. Steelmaking coal was contributed by McCoy Elkhorn s Carnegie 1 and Carnegie 2 mines. For the year ended 2022, tons sold to industrial and specialty end users amounted to 105,577.11 with a realized sales price of 153.43. For the year ended 2022, 100 of coal sales revenue was contributed by Perry County for industrial and specialty end users. Year ended 2021 For the year ended 2021, tons sold to steel making end users amounted to 7,889.63 with a realized sales price of 138.00. Steelmaking coal was contributed by McCoy Elkhorn s Carnegie 1 mine for the year ended 2021. For the year ended 2021, tons sold to industrial and utility end users amounted to 79,546.75 with a realized sales price of 83.17. For the year ended 2021, 100 of coal sales revenue was contributed by Perry County for industrial and specialty end users. 30 Table of Contents Expenses. Total Operating Expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 63,471,633 and 2021 were 36,088,714, respectively. The primary driver for the increase in operating expenses was restarting production in the mines due to an increase of demand since Covid-19. Trends which led to higher expenses are inflation in labor and consumable goods. To meet specific demand and customer requests, Perry County and Carnegie 1 were re-opened with updated mine plans and more efficient long term operating structure. This re-working included one time development costs for expanding and increasing efficient capacity at the operating locations. Total Other Income/(Expenses) for the period ended December 31, 2022 were 312,179 and 2021 were (232,994), respectively. Financial Condition. Total Assets as of December 31, 2022 amounted to 55,916,349 and 2021 amounted to 42,872,702, respectively. The primary driver for the higher asset balance was an increase in cash from debt and equity. Total Liabilities as of December 31, 2022 amounted to 55,631,653 and 2021 amounted to 45,218,110, respectively. The primary drivers for the decrease in liability balance was execution of convertible debt. Liquidity and Capital Resources. The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern which contemplates, among other things, the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the ordinary course of business. The Company will use a combination of cash proceeds from operations, conversation of common stock warrants, issuance of common stock for cash or for debt conversion and issuance of new debt instruments to satisfy both short term and long term obligations, including the settlement of payables and debt that are in default of their original agreements. We are not aware of any trends or known demands, commitments, events or uncertainties that will result in or that are reasonably likely to result in material increases or decreases in liquidity. Business Effect of Covid-19. During 2022 and 2021, the worldwide COVID-19 outbreak has resulted in muted demand for infrastructure and steel products and their necessary inputs including Metallurgical coal. These recent developments are expected to result in lower sales and gross margins. Because of the adverse market conditions caused by the global pandemic the Company s operations were idled in January 2020 and resumed during December 2020. Capital Resources. We had no material commitments for capital expenditures as of December 31, 2022. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements As of December 31, 2022, we had no off-balance sheet arrangements. 31 Table of Contents Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the amounts of revenues and expenses reported for the period then ended. Mine development costs . Mine development costs represent the costs incurred to prepare future mine sites for mining. These costs include costs of acquiring, permitting, planning, research, and establishing access to identify mineral reserves and other preparations for commercial production as necessary to develop and permit the properties for mining activities. Operating expenditures, including certain professional fees and overhead costs, are not capitalized but are expensed as incurred. Amortization of mine development costs, with respect to a specific mine, commences when mining of the related reserves begins. Amortization is computed using the units-of-production method over the proven and probable reserves dedicated to the specific mine. Asset retirement obligations . We recognize as a liability an asset retirement obligation, or ARO, associated with the retirement of a tangible long-lived asset in the period in which it is incurred or becomes determinable, with an associated increase in the carrying amount of the related long-lived asset. The initially recognized asset retirement cost is amortized using the same method and useful life as the long-lived asset to which it relates. Amortization begins when mining of the specific mineral property begins. Accretion expense is recognized over time as the discounted liability is accreted to its expected settlement value. Estimating the future ARO requires management to make estimates and judgments regarding timing and existence of a liability, as well as what constitutes adequate restoration. Inherent in the fair value calculation are numerous assumptions and judgments including the ultimate costs, inflation factors, credit adjusted discount rates, timing of settlement and changes in the legal, regulatory, environmental and political environments. To the extent future revisions to these assumptions impact the fair value of the existing ARO liability, a corresponding adjustment is made to the related asset. Cost of Goods Sold and Gross Profit . Cost of Goods Sold for coal mined and processed include direct labor, materials and utilities. Activities related to metal recover are inherent in both direct coal labor and overhead labor and does not require additional variable costs. Impairment of Long-lived Assets. We review our long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. These events and circumstances include, but are not limited to, a current expectation that a long-lived asset will be disposed of significantly before the end of its previously estimated useful life, a significant adverse change in the extent or manner in which we use a long-lived asset or a change in its physical condition. When such events or changes in circumstances occur, a recoverability test is performed comparing projected undiscounted cash flows from the use and eventual disposition of an asset or asset group to its carrying amount. If the projected undiscounted cash flows are less than the carrying amount, an impairment is recorded for the excess of the carrying amount over the estimated fair value. We make various assumptions, including assumptions regarding future cash flows in our assessments of long-lived assets for impairment. The assumptions about future cash flows and growth rates are based on the current and long-term business plans related to the long-lived assets. 32 Table of Contents Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk. The Company qualifies as a smaller reporting company, as defined by SEC Rule 229.10(f)(1) and is not required to provide the information required by this Item. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. The report of the independent registered public accounting firm and the financial statements listed on the accompanying index at page F-1 of this report are filed as part of this report and incorporated herein by reference. Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. We did not have any disagreements on accounting and financial disclosure with our accounting firm during the reporting period. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures (a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures. The management, with participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Rule 12a-15 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In addition, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and that management is required to apply is judgement in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs. Based on management s evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, due to the weakness in internal control over financial reporting described below, our disclosure controls and procedures are not designed at a reasonable assurance level or effective to provide reasonable assurance that information we are required to disclose in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. As discussed below, we plan on increasing the size of our accounting staff at the appropriate time for our business and its size to ameliorate the concern that the Company does not effectively segregate certain accounting duties, which we believe would resolve the material weakness in internal control over financial reporting and similarly improve disclosure controls and procedures, but there can be no assurances as to the timing of any such action or that the Company will be able to do so. (b) Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. The management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). The Company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision of the Company s Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the Company s financial statements for external purposes in accordance with the U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. As of December 31, 2022, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operations of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and based on the criteria for effective internal control described Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission.. Based on this evaluation, management concluded that our internal controls over financial reporting were not effective for the purposes for which it is intended. Specifically, managements determination was based on the following material weakness which existed as of December 31, 2022: 33 Table of Contents Due to the Company s insufficient number of staff performing accounting and reporting functions, there is a lack of segregation of duties within the financial reporting function resulting in limited level of multiple reviews among those tasked with preparing the financial statements, resulting in the need for adjustments. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of control deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim consolidated financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Notwithstanding the determination that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective, as of December 31, 2022, and that there was a material weakness as identified in this Annual Report, we believe that our consolidated financial statements contained in this Annual Report fairly present our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the years covered hereby in all material respects. The management, including its Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, does not expect that its disclosure controls and procedures, or its internal controls over financial reporting will prevent all error and all fraud. A control system no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable not absolute assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefit of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any within the Company have been detected. This Annual Report does not include an attestation report of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s independent registered public accounting firm pursuant to the temporary rules of the SEC that permit the Company to provide only management s report in this Annual Report. This report shall not be deemed to be filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or otherwise subject to the liabilities of this section, and is not incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. (c) Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting There have been no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting during the period ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected the Company s internal controls over financial reporting. Item 9B. Other Information. None. 34 Table of Contents PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. Directors and Executive Officers. The following individuals serve as our executive officers and members of our board of directors as of December 31, 2022: Name Age Positions Mark C. Jensen 43 Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of the Board of Directors Thomas M. Sauve 44 President, Director Kirk P. Taylor 43 Chief Financial Officer Tarlis R. Thompson 40 Chief Operating Officer Michael Layman 31 Director Gerardine Botte, PH.D. 51 Director Courtenay O. Taplin 71 Director Mark C. Jensen (age 43) Chief Executive Officer Mark has been an operator, investor and consultant in various natural resources and energy businesses. He has been highly involved in the navigation of numerous growth businesses to mature businesses, working as a managing member at T Squared Capital LLC since 2007, an investment firm focused on private equity styled investing in start-up businesses. Mark has significant experience with major Wall Street firms such as Citigroup and graduated from the Kelley School of Business at Indiana University with a BS in Finance and International Studies with a focus on Business. Mark also studied in Sydney Australia through Boston University completing his International Studies degree with a focus on East Asian culture and business. There are no arrangements or understandings between Mark and any other persons pursuant to which he was selected as an officer. He has no direct or indirect material interest in any transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K. Thomas M. Sauve (age 44) President Tom has been involved a number of energy related businesses. Prior he had been an investor and partner in various natural resources assets over the last seven years including coal mining operations and various oil and gas wells throughout Texas and the Appalachia region. Since 2007, Tom also worked as a managing member at T Squared Capital LLC, an investment firm focused on private equity styled investing in start-up businesses Tom received his Bachelor s degree in Economics, magna cum laude, from the University of Rochester, New York, with additional studies at the Simon Graduate School of Business. There are no arrangements or understandings between Tom and any other persons pursuant to which he was selected as an officer. He has no direct or indirect material interest in any transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K. 35 Table of Contents Kirk Taylor, CPA (age 43) Chief Financial Officer Kirk conducts all tax and financial accounting roles of the organization, and has substantial experience in tax credit analysis and financial structure. Kirk s main focus over his 13 years in public accounting had been the auditing, tax compliance, financial modeling and reporting on complex real estate and business transactions utilizing numerous federal and state tax credit and incentive programs. Prior to joining American Resources Corporation, Kirk was Chief Financial Officer of Quest Energy, Inc., ARC s wholly-owned subsidiary. Prior to joining Quest Energy in 2015, he was a Manager at K.B. Parrish Co. LLP where he worked since 2014. Prior to that, he worked at Katz Sapper Miller since 2012 as Manager. In addition, Kirk is an instructor for the CPA examination and has spoken at several training and industry conferences. He received a BS in Accounting and a BS in Finance from the Kelley School of Business at Indiana University, Bloomington Indiana and is currently completing his Masters of Business Administration from the University of Saint Francis at Fort Wayne, Indiana. Kirk serves his community in various ways including as the board treasurer for a community development corporation in Indianapolis, Indiana. Kirk does not have any family relationships with any of the Company s directors or executive officers. There are no arrangements or understandings between Kirk and any other persons pursuant to which he was selected as an officer. He has no direct or indirect material interest in any transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K. Tarlis R. Thompson (age 40) Chief Operating Officer Tarlis overseas all operations at American Resources Central Appalachian subsidiaries, which includes McCoy Elkhorn, Deane Mining, and Knott County Coal. In this role, Tarlis manages the activities at the company s various coal processing facilities and loadout, coordinates coal production at the company s various mines, manages environmental compliance and reclamation, and is responsible for coal quality control and shipments to customers. Tarlis graduated from Millard High School in Kentucky in 2001 and subsequently worked for Commercial Testing and Engineering, working underground, performing surveying services and coal sampling. In 2002 he joined SGS Minerals, working as a Quality Control Manager. Shortly thereafter, he joined Massey Energy, working as logistics manager for coal shipments via truck and train, as well as a coal quality manager, working under Jim Slater and Mike Smith. After several years at Massey, Tarlis joined Central Appalachian Mining (CAM), in charge of lab analysis and environmental compliance at CAM s various processing plants and loadouts. Tarlis graduated from Millard High School and has additional courses in Mining Engineering from Virginia Tech (Training), Business Administration Management from National College in Pikeville, and LECO Certified Course from West Virginia Training Institute. Tarlis does not have any family relationships with any of the Company s directors or executive officers. There are no arrangements or understandings between Tarlis and any other persons pursuant to which he was selected as an officer. He has no direct or indirect material interest in any transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K. Directors: Mark C. Jensen Chairman of Board Director Mark has been an operator, investor and consultant in various natural resources and energy businesses. He has been highly involved in the navigation of numerous growth businesses to mature businesses, working as a managing member at T Squared Capital LLC since 2007, an investment firm focused on private equity styled investing in start-up businesses. Mark has significant experience with major Wall Street firms such as Citigroup and graduated from the Kelley School of Business at Indiana University with a BS in Finance and International Studies with a focus on Business. Mark also studied in Sydney Australia through Boston University completing his International Studies degree with a focus on East Asian culture and business. There are no arrangements or understandings between Mark and any other persons pursuant to which he was selected as an officer. He has no direct or indirect material interest in any transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K. Thomas M. Sauve Director Tom has been involved a number of energy related businesses. Prior he had been an investor and partner in various natural resources assets over the last seven years including coal mining operations and various oil and gas wells throughout Texas and the Appalachia region. Since 2007, Tom also worked as a managing member at T Squared Capital LLC, an investment firm focused on private equity styled investing in start-up businesses Tom received his Bachelor s degree in Economics, magna cum laude, from the University of Rochester, New York, with additional studies at the Simon Graduate School of Business. There are no arrangements or understandings between Tom and any other persons pursuant to which he was selected as an officer. He has no direct or indirect material interest in any transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K. 36 Table of Contents Michael Layman Director Mr. Layman is a well-established financial industry executive with a track record for driving value and growth for both private and publicly traded companies. Mr. Layman currently serves as General Partner/CEO of Emerald Shoals Targeted Opportunities Fund LP, a hybrid growth fund backed by a network of ultra-high net worth individuals seeking novel opportunities to invest in high-growth catalyst driven companies. Mr. Layman also is the chairman managing director of LF Athens Capital, a Delaware series LLC that seeks to provide attractive investment opportunities in private and small cap public companies. Mr. Laymen also serves on the board of directors of Land Betterment Corp and Clarametyx Biosciences Inc. Prior to his current role at Emerald Shoals and LF Athens, Mr. Layman served at a large top-four brokerage house where he was co-owner of a private wealth management group where he was responsible for identifying attractive and undervalued investment opportunities. Additionally, he also aided in the development and implementation of various investment strategies based on differing types of needs from conservative to aggressive growth. Additionally, Mr. Layman previously worked for a private equity fund in New York where he established a strong network of relationships with research analysts and investment bankers at a number of Wall Street firms. Mr. Layman obtained his Bachelor of Arts degree in business from Otterbein University. The Board nominated Mr. Layman to serve as a director because of his leadership in the finance industry and assisting companies with capital raising. He has no direct or indirect material interest in any transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K. Gerardine Botte, PH.D. Director Dr. Botte has over 21 years of experience in the development of electrochemical processes and advanced water treatment. She has served in leadership roles for the Electrochemical Society and is currently the Chair of the Electrochemical Process Engineering and Technology Division of the International Society of Electrochemistry. Dr. Botte also serves as the Editor in Chief of the Journal of Applied Electrochemistry. In 2014, she was named a Fellow of the Electrochemical Society for her contributions and innovation in electrochemical processes and engineering. She became a Chapter Fellow of the National Academy of Inventors in 2012. In 2010, she was named a Fellow of the World Technology Network for her contributions on the development of sustainable and environmental technologies. Prior to Texas Tech, Dr. Botte was University Distinguished Professor and Russ Professor of Chemical and Biomolecular Engineering at Ohio University, the founder and Director of Ohio University s Center for Electrochemical Engineering Research, and the founder and Director of the Consortium for Electrochemical Processes and Technology an Industry University Cooperative Research Center. Her entrepreneurial spirit has led to the commercialization of various technologies and has founded and co-founded various companies to help achieve this goal. The Board nominated Dr. Botte to serve as a director because of her thought leadership in the technical innovations of in carbon and rare earth elements. She has no direct or indirect material interest in any transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K. Courtenay O. Taplin Director Courtenay serves as Director of American Resources Corporation. He brings over 40 years of experience of sourcing and supplying iron ore, coke and metallurgical coal to the steel industry to assist American Resources with their supply chain, logistics, customers, overall corporate strategy. He has a vast knowledge of both the global and domestic marketplace where he works with both suppliers and consumers. Courtenay is currently Managing Director of Compass Point Resources, LLC which he founded in 2007. Mr. Taplin also acts as Managing Director for Clay Resources LLC, a commodities firm trading in African origin minerals and metals with sales to the world s merchant consumers from its offices in the U. S. and Durban, South Africa. His prior experience includes Crown Coal Coke Company and Pickands Mather Company out of Cleveland, OH. Mr. Taplin attended Hobart College and received his degree from Case Western Reserve University. The Board nominated Courtenay to serve as a director because of his experience and relationships in the raw materials and coking sector and his experience in managing growing businesses. He has no direct or indirect material interest in any transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K. 37 Table of Contents None of the directors have been involved in any legal proceedings that would require a disclosure under Item 401 of Regulation SK. During the past ten years, none of our directors or executive officers has been: the subject of any bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time; convicted in a criminal proceeding or is subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); subject to any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities; found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the SEC or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, that has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated; subject of, or a party to, any order, judgment, decree or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, relating to an alleged violation of a federal or state securities or commodities law or regulation, law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies, law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization, any registered entity or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member. None of our directors, executive officers or affiliates, or any beneficial owner of 5 or more of our common stock, or any associate of such persons, is an adverse party in any material proceeding to, or has a material interest adverse to, us. 38 Table of Contents Separation of Duties of the Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer and the President Due to the inherent limitations of nonexecutive chairs, the duties of the Chairman of the Board and the Chief Executive Officer have not been separated. In order to increase objectivity and fiduciary responsibilities to the shareholders both in appearance and operation, the duties of the Chief Executive Officer and the President have been separated. Director Independence Currently our board of directors consist of Mark C. Jensen, our Chief Executive Officer, Thomas M. Sauve, our President, Michael Layman, Gerardine Botte, PHD, and Courtenay O. Taplin, of which Ms. Botte and Messrs Layman and Taplin are considered independent in accordance under the requirements of the NASDAQ, NYSE and SEC. Limitation of Director Liability; Indemnification Indemnity To the fullest extent permitted by the Florida Business Corporation Act, the Company shall indemnify, or advance expenses to, any person made, or threatened to be made, a party to any action, suit or proceeding by reason of the fact that such person (i) is or was a director of the Company; (ii) is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director of another Company, provided that such person is or was at the time a director of the Company; or (iv)is or was serving at the request of the Company as an officer of another Company, provided that such person is or was at the time a director of the Company or a director of such other Company, serving at the request of the Company. Unless otherwise expressly prohibited by the Florida Business Corporation Act, and except as otherwise provided in the previous sentence, the Board of Directors of the Company shall have the sole and exclusive discretion, on such terms and conditions as it shall determine, to indemnify, or advance expenses to, any person made, or threatened to be made, a party to any action, suit, or proceeding by reason of the fact such person is or was an officer, employee or agent of the Company as an officer, employee or agent of another Company, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise. No person falling within the purview of this paragraph may apply for indemnification or advancement of expenses to any court of competent jurisdiction. Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance Our shares of common stock are registered under the Exchange Act, and therefore our officers, directors and holders of more than 10 of our outstanding shares are subject to the provisions of Section 16(a) which requires them to file with the SEC initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of common stock and our other equity securities. Officers, directors and greater than 10 beneficial owners are required by SEC regulations to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) reports they file. During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, none of our officers, directors or 10 shareholders failed to file any Section 16 report on a timely basis. Code of Ethics We have adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to all of our employees, officers and directors. In addition to the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, our principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer are also subject to written policies and standards that are reasonably designed to deter wrongdoing and to promote: honest and ethical conduct, including the ethical handling of actual or apparent conflicts of interest between personal and professional relationships; full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable disclosure in reports and documents that are filed with, or submitted to the SEC and in other public communications made by us; compliance with applicable government laws, rules and regulations; the prompt internal reporting of violations of the code to an appropriate person or persons identified in the code; and accountability for adherence to the code. We have posted the text of our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics on our internal website. We intend to disclose future amendments to, or waivers from, certain provisions of our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics as applicable. 39 Table of Contents Legal Proceedings. To the best of our knowledge, except as set forth herein, none of the directors or director designees to our knowledge has been convicted in a criminal proceeding, excluding traffic violations or similar misdemeanors, or has been a party to any judicial or administrative proceeding during the past five years that resulted in a judgment decree or final order enjoining the person from future violations of, or prohibiting activities subject to, federal or state securities laws, or finding of any violation of federal or state securities laws, except for matters that were dismissed without sanction or settlement. Committees of the Board of Directors Currently, our board of directors has four committees: an Audit Committee, a Compensation Committee, a Nomination Committee, and a Safety and Environmental Committee. The Audit Committee and Compensation Committee are both comprised of the three independent directors of the Company. The Safety and Environmental Committee and Nomination Committee are both comprised of Thomas M. Sauve and Mark C. Jensen. The composition and responsibilities of the three committees are described below. Audit Committee As required by the rules of the SEC, the audit committee consists solely of independent directors, who are Ms. Botte and Messrs Layman, and Taplin. SEC rules also require that a public company disclose whether its audit committee has an audit committee financial expert as a member. An audit committee financial expert is defined as a person who, based on his or her experience, possesses the attributes outlined in such rules. This committee oversees, reviews, acts on and reports on various auditing and accounting matters to our board of directors, including: the selection of our independent accountants, the scope of our annual audits, fees to be paid to the independent accountants, the performance of our independent accountants and our accounting practices. In addition, the audit committee oversees our compliance programs relating to legal and regulatory requirements. We have adopted an audit committee charter defining the committee s primary duties in a manner consistent with the rules of the SEC and applicable stock exchange or market standards. Compensation Committee As required by the rules of the SEC, the compensation committee consists solely of independent directors, who are Ms. Botte and Mr. Layman. The purpose of this committee shall be to (i) assist the board of directors in the oversight of the Company s executive officer and director compensation programs, (ii) discharge the board of director s duties relating to administration of the Company s incentive compensation and any other stock- based plans, and (iii) act on specific matters within its delegated authority, as determined by the board of directors from time to time. Nomination Committee The board of directors formed the Nomination Committee, which is comprised of Mr. Sauve and Mr. Jensen. The purpose of this committee shall be to (i) assist the board of directors in cultivating valuable board of director nominees and (ii) navigating the onboarding for selected directors. Safety and Environmental Committee The board of directors formed a Safety and Environmental Committee, which is comprised of Messrs Jensen and Sauve. The purpose of this committee is to assist the board in fulfilling its responsibilities by providing oversight and support in assessing the effectiveness of the Company s environmental, health, and safety policies, programs and initiatives. This committee will monitor the continued effectiveness of these policies and procedures by periodically reviewing the applicable environmental, health and safety laws, rules and regulations. The Committee will also perform such other functions as the Board may assign to the Committee from time to time. 40 Table of Contents Item 11. Executive Compensation. The following table sets forth information concerning the annual and long-term compensation of our executive officers for services rendered in all capacities to us during the last two completed fiscal years. The listed individuals shall hereinafter be referred to as the Named Executive Officers. We also have included below a table regarding compensation paid to our directors who served during the last completed fiscal year. The address for all individuals identified in the following tables is 12115 Visionary Way, Suite 174, Fishers, IN 46038. Summary Compensation Table - Officers (a) (b) (c) (d) (e) (f) (g) (h) (I) (j) Name and principal position Year Salary ) Bonus ) Stock Awards ) Option Awards ) Non-equity Incentive plan Compensation ) Nonqualified deferred compensation earnings ) All other Compensation ) Total ) Mark C. Jensen, (1) CEO 2022 350,000 -0- -0- 262,625 -0- -0- -0- 612,625 2021 250,000 -0- -0- 643,500 -0- -0- -0- 893,500 Thomas M. Sauve, (2) President 2022 275,000 -0- -0- 137,375 -0- -0- 7,335 419,710 2022 200,000 -0- -0- 365,750 -0- -0- 2,865 568,615 Kirk P. Taylor, (3) CFO 2022 275,000 -0- -0- 95,500 -0- -0- 23,135 393,635 2021 200,000 -0- -0- 143,000 -0- -0- 4,973 347,973 Tarlis R Thompson, (4) COO 2022 197,837 -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- 197,837 2021 175,000 -0- -0- 266,000 -0- -0- -0- 441,000 _____________ (1) On October 1, 2020, the Company entered into an employment agreement, beginning January 1, 2021 and expiring on December 31, 2021, with Mr. Jensen increasing base pay to 250,000 and carrying certain performance bonuses which would be awarded by the board of directors. 60,976 options were issued under the new contract and vest immediately. 25,000 Options issued on January 28, 2021 and 450,000 Options were issued on December 13, 2021. On November 23, 2021, the Company entered into an employment agreement, beginning January 1, 2022 and expiring on December 31, 2022, with Mr. Jensen increasing base pay to 350,000 any carrying certain performance bonuses which would be awarded by the board of directors and stock options totaling 150,000. The value in the option awards represents Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model. No bonus was awarded during 2021 and 2022. (2) On October 1, 2020, the Company entered into an employment agreement with Mr. Sauve increasing base pay to 200,000 and carrying certain performance bonuses which would be awarded by the board of directors.49,342 options were issued under the new contract and vest immediately. 25,000 Options issued on January 28, 2021 and 275,000 Options were issued on December 13, 2021. On November 23, 2021, the Company entered into an employment agreement, beginning January 1, 2022 and expiring on December 31, 2022, with Mr. Sauve increasing base pay to 275,000 any carrying certain performance bonuses which would be awarded by the board of directors and stock options totaling 100,000. The value in the option awards represents Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model. No bonus was awarded during 2021 and 2022. During 2021, other compensation included 2,865 health insurance reimbursement. During 2022 and 2021, other compensation totaling 2,865 and 7,335 included health insurance reimbursement. (3) On October 1, 2020, the Company entered into an employment agreement with Mr. Taylor increasing base pay to 200,000 and carrying certain performance bonuses which would be awarded by the board of directors. 49,342 options were issued under the new contract and vest immediately. 25,000 Options issued on January 28, 2021 and 100,000 Options were issued on December 13, 2021. On November 23, 2021, the Company entered into an employment agreement, beginning January 1, 2022, and expiring on December 31, 2022, with Mr. Taylor increasing base pay to 275,000 any carrying certain performance bonuses which would be awarded by the board of directors and stock options totaling 100,000. The value in the option awards represents Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model. No bonus was awarded during 2020 and 2021. During 2021, other compensation totaling included 4,973 health insurance reimbursement. During 2022 and 2021, other compensation totaling 4,973 and 23,045 included health insurance reimbursement. (4) There is no employment agreement in place for Mr. Thompson. 200,000 Options were issued on December 13, 2021. The value in the option awards represents Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model. 41 Table of Contents Director Compensation (a) (b) (c) (d) (e) (f) (g) (h) Name and principal position Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ) Stock Awards ) Option Awards ) Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) Nonqualified deferred compensation earnings ) All Other Compensation ) Total ) Mark C. Jensen (1) 2022 -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- 2021 -0- -0- -02- -0- -0- -0- -0- Thomas M. Sauve (2) 2022 -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- 2021 -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- Courtenay O. Taplin (3) 2021 -0- -0- 199,500 -0- -0- -0- 199,500 2021 -0- -0- 199,500 -0- -0- -0- 161,450 Michael Layman (4) 2021 -0- -0- 332,500 -0- -0- -0- 332,500 2021 -0- -0- 332,500 -0- -0- -0- 93,500 Dr. Gerardine Botte (5) 2021 -0- -0- 266,000 -0- -0- -0- 266,000 2021 -0- -0- 266,000 -0- -0- -0- 41,000 ___________ (1) The value of the Option Award to Directors in Column (d) represents the amortized book value of warrants priced using the Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model, and does not represent the actual cash value of the warrants to the warrant holder. During 2021, 300,000 of options were issued to Mr. Jensen for his service on the board and as serving as chairman. The value of the options have been included in the officer compensation table. During 2022, 400,000 of options were issued to Mr. Jensen for his service on the board and as serving as chairman and member of the strategic committee. The value of the options have been included in the officer compensation table. (2) The value of the Option Award to Directors in Column (d) represents the amortized book value of warrants priced using the Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model, and does not represent the actual cash value of the warrants to the warrant holder. During 2021, 150,000 of options were issued to Mr. Sauve for his service on the board. The value of the options have been included in the officer compensation table. During 2022, 300,000 of options were issued to Mr. Jensen for his service on the board and as serving as chairman and member of the strategic committee. The value of the options have been included in the officer compensation table. (3) Mr. Taplin was appointed as a director on November 15, 2018. The value of the Option Award to Directors in Column (d) represents the amortized book value of warrants priced using the Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model, and does not represent the actual cash value of the warrants to the warrant holder. During 2021, 150,000 options were issued to Mr. Taplin for his service on the board. During 2022, 150,000 options were issued to Mr. Taplin for his service on the board. (4) Mr. Layman was appointed as a director on July 16, 2020. The value of the Option Award to Directors in Column (d) represents the amortized book value of warrants valued using the Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model, and does not represent the actual cash value of the warrants to the warrant holder. During 2021, 250,000 options were issued to Mr. Layman for his service on the board and as chairs of the Audit Committee and Compensation Committee. During 2022, 450,000 options were issued to Mr. Layman for his service on the board and as chairs of the Strategic, Audit Committee and Compensation Committee. (5) Dr. Botte was appointed as a director on November 23, 2020. The value of the Option Award to Directors in Column (d) represents the amortized book value of warrants priced using the Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model, and does not represent the actual cash value of the warrants to the warrant holder. During 2021, 200,000 options were issued to Dr. Botte for her service on the board. During 2022, 200,000 options were issued to Dr. Botte for her service on the board. No retirement, pension, profit sharing, stock option or insurance programs or other similar programs have been adopted by the Company for the benefit of its employees. There are no understandings or agreements regarding compensation our management will receive after a business combination that is required to be included in this table, or otherwise. 42 Table of Contents Employment Agreements Except for our Chief Operating Officer, we have employment agreements with the Named Executive Officers that provide for the base salaries and a discretionary annual performance bonus of up to three times their annual base salary, plus potential participation in the Company s Employee Incentive Stock Option Plan. The payment of such bonus and/or incentive stock options shall be in the sole discretion of the Company s Board of Directors. The in-place contracts we effective beginning January 1, 2023 and expires December 31, 2023. Outstanding Equity Awards The following equity awards, including, options, restricted stock or other equity incentives from the Company to current officers are as follows: - Chief Executive Officer: November 23, 2020 to purchase up to 85,976 shares of our Company at 1.64 per share. Those options vest upon issuance. February 3, 2021 to purchase up to 25,000 shares of our Company at 2.56 per share. Those options vest upon issuance. December 13, 2021 to purchase up to 450,000 shares of our Company at 1.74 per share. Those options vest over 9 years. September 26, 2022 to purchase 550,000 shares of our Company at 2.44 per share. Those options vest over 7 years. - President: November 23, 2020 to purchase up to 70,732 shares of our Company at 1.64 per share. Those options vest upon issuance. February 3, 2021 to purchase up to 25,000 shares of our Company at 2.56 per share. Those options vest upon issuance. December 13, 2021 to purchase up to 275,000 shares of our Company at 1.74 per share. Those options vest over 7 years. September 26, 2022 to purchase 350,000 shares of our Company at 2.44 per share. Those options vest over 7 years. - Chief Financial Officer: November 23, 2020 to purchase up to 45,732 shares of our Company at 1.64 per share. Those options vest upon issuance. February 3, 2021 to purchase up to 25,000 shares of our Company at 2.56 per share. Those options vest upon issuance. December 13, 2021 to purchase up to 100,000 shares of our Company at 1.74 per share. Those options vest over 7 years. September 26, 2022 to purchase 200,000 shares of our Company at 2.44 per share. Those options vest over 7 years. - Chief Operating Officer, who was issued options under our Employee Incentive Stock Option Plan on June 18, 2020 to purchase up to 500,000 shares of our Company at 1.13 per share June 5, 2019 to purchase up to 75,000 shares of our Company at 2.63 per share September 12, 2018 to purchase up to 136,830 shares of our Company at 1.00 per share. Those options vest equally over the course of three years. December 13, 2021 to purchase up to 200,000 shares of our Company at 1.74 per share. Those options vest over 7 years. Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. The following table lists, as of December 31, 2021, the number of shares of our Class A Common Stock and Series A Convertible Preferred Stock that are beneficially owned by (i) each person or entity known to us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our common stock; (ii) each executive officer and director of our company; and (iii) all executive officers and directors as a group. Information relating to beneficial ownership of Common Stock and our Convertible Preferred Stock by our principal shareholders and management is based upon information furnished by each person using beneficial ownership concepts under the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission. Under these rules, a person is deemed to be a beneficial owner of a security if that person has or shares voting power, which includes the power to vote or direct the voting of the security, or investment power, which includes the power to vote or direct the voting of the security. The person is also deemed to be a beneficial owner of any security of which that person has a right to acquire beneficial ownership within 60 days under any contract, option or warrant. Under the Securities and Exchange Commission rules, more than one person may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of the same securities, and a person may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of securities as to which he or she may not have any pecuniary beneficial interest. Except as noted below, each person has sole voting and investment power. Unless otherwise specified, the address of each beneficial owner listed in the tables is c/o American Resources Corporation, 12115 Visionary Way, Fishers, IN 46038. Name and Address of Shareholder Number of Shares of Common Stock Beneficially Owned (1) Percent of Common Stock Owned Golden Properties, Ltd. (2) (3) 6,872,443 9.99 _________ (1) A person is deemed to be the beneficial owner of securities that can be acquired by such a person within 60 days upon exercise of options, warrants or convertible securities. Each beneficial owner s percentage ownership is determined by assuming that options, warrants and convertible securities that are held by such a person (but not those held by any other person) and are exercisable within 60 days from that date have been exercised; (2) Based on 68,793,224 shares of Common Stock deemed to be outstanding as if one or more warrants were exercised up to the maximum amount of 9.99 (or 6,872,443 shares) of the issued and outstanding number of shares at December 31, 2022. This percentage has been rounded for convenience; (3) Golden Properties, Ltd. is the owner of several Company common stock warrants for the purchase of shares of our Common Stock, which warrants are exercisable at such company s discretion, subject to the following limitation on amount. The warrant agreements provide that at no time may Golden Properties, Ltd. or its affiliates exercise any warrant that would result in their ownership of more than 9.99 of the issued and outstanding shares of our Common Stock on the date of exercise. Additionally, as of December 31, 2022 Alexander Lau, who is a principal of Golden Properties and a beneficial owner through Golden Properties and a beneficial owner through TAU Holdings LTD., is believed to be a holder of 199,373 Class A Common shares. Accordingly, Golden Properties, Ltd. is presently deemed the beneficial owner of 6,872,443 shares of our Common Stock pursuant to Securities and Exchange Commission Rule 13d-3, promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The full number of shares that Golden Properties beneficially owns (including all shares underlying all the warrants owned by Golden Properties and excluding those Class A Common shares owned by Alexander Lau and TAU Holdings as stated above) is 6,673,070 shares. 43 Table of Contents Name Number of Shares of Series A Preferred Stock Beneficially Owned (4) Percent of Series A Preferred Stock Owned (5) Common Stock Beneficially Owned (4) Percent of Common Stock Beneficially Owned (6) Officers and Directors Mark C. Jensen, 7) Chief Executive Officer, Director - 0 5,279,877 7.68 Thomas M. Sauve, (8) President, Director - 0 4,489,489 6.53 Kirk P. Taylor, Chief Financial Officer - 0 1,622,383 2.36 Tarlis R. Thompson, Chief Operating Officer - 0 163,170 0.00 All Directors and Officers as a Group (4 persons) - 0 11,554,919 16.80 5 Holders All Directors, Officers and 5 Holders as a Group (5 persons) - 0 11,554,919 16.80 ____________ (4) A person is deemed to be the beneficial owner of securities that can be acquired by such a person within 60 days from December 31, 2022, upon exercise of options, warrants or convertible securities. Each beneficial owner s percentage ownership is determined by assuming that options, warrants and convertible securities that are held by such a person (but not those held by any other person) and are exercisable within 60 days from that date have been exercised; (5) Based on 0 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock outstanding as of December 31, 2022; (6) Based on 68,793,224 Class A Common Stock outstanding as of December 31, 2022. These percentages have been rounded for convenience; (7) Mr. Jensen beneficially owns 92,264 shares of our Class A Common Stock through his equity ownership in T Squared Capital LLC, which shares are included in the table above. (8) Mr. Sauve beneficially owns 61,509 shares of our Class A Common Stock through his equity ownership in T Squared Capital LLC, which shares are included in the table above. Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. Transactions with Related Persons, Promoters and Certain Control Persons. During 2015, equipment purchasing was paid by an affiliate resulting in a note payable. The balance of the note was 0 and 74,000 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. On April 30, 2017, the Company purchased 250,000 of secured debt that had been owed to that party, by an operating subsidiary of a related party. As a result of the transaction, the Company is now the creditor on the notes. The first note in the amount of 150,000 is dated March 13, 2013, carries an interest rate of 12 and was due on September 13, 2015. The second note in the amount of 100,000 is dated July 17, 2013, carries an interest rate of 12 and was due January 17, 2016. Both notes are in default and have been fully impaired due to collectability uncertainty. 44 Table of Contents On October 24, 2016, the Company sold certain mineral and land interests to a subsidiary of an entity, LRR, owned by members of the Company s management. LRR leases various parcels of land to QEI and engages in other activities creating miscellaneous income. The consideration for the transaction was a note in the amount of 178,683. The note bears no interest and is due in 2026. As of January 28, 2017, the note was paid in full. From October 24, 2016. this transaction was eliminated upon consolidation as a variable interest entity. As of July 1, 2018, the accounts of Land Resources Royalties, LLC have been deconsolidated from the financial statements based upon the ongoing review of its status as a variable interest entity. As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, amounts owed to LRR totaled 338,246 and 45,359, respectively. On February 13, 2020, the Company entered into a Contract Services Agreement with Land Betterment Corp, an entity controlled by certain members of the Company s management who are also directors and shareholders. The contract terms state that service costs are passed through to the Company with a 10 mark-up and a 50 share of cost savings. The agreement covers services across all of the Company s properties. During 2022 and 2021, the amount incurred under the agreement amounted to 5,572,644 and 4,296,266 and the amount paid amounted to 3,080,783 and 2,578,335. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the amount due under the agreement amounted to 4,481,922 and 2,073,830. The Company is the holder of 2,000,000 LBX Tokens with a par value of 250 for each token. The token issuance process is undertaken by a related party, Land Betterment, and is predicated on proactive environmental stewardship and regulatory bond releases. As of December 31, 2022, there is no market for the LBX Token and therefore no value has been assigned. On June 11, 2020 the Company purchased 1,494,570 of secured debt included accrued interest that had been owed to that party, by an operating subsidiary of a related party. As a result of the transaction, the Company is now the creditor on the four notes. The first note in the amount of 75,000 is dated June 28, 2013, carries an interest rate of 12 and was due on June 28, 2015. The second note in the amount of 150,000 is dated June 28, 2013, carries an interest rate of 12 and was due June 28, 2015. The third note in the amount of 199,500 is dated March 18, 2014, carries an interest rate of 4 and was due on March 18, 2016. The fourth note in the amount of 465,500 is dated March 18, 2014, carries an interest rate of 4 and was due on March 18, 2016. The notes are in default and have been fully impaired due to collectability uncertainty. On January 1, 2021, the Company purchased 250,000 of secured debt including accrued interest that has been owed to that party, by an operating subsidiary of a related party. As a result of the transaction, the Company is now the creditor on the note. The note is in default and has been fully impaired due to collectability uncertainty. Director Independence. The Board of Directors determined that Ms. Botte and Messrs. Layman, Taplin are independent are independent within the meaning of the listing standards for general independence of the NASDAQ Capital Market. Under the listing standards, the Audit Committee is required to be composed solely of independent directors. The standards for audit committee membership include additional requirements under rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Board has determined that all of the members of the audit committee meet the applicable independence requirements. To the extent required by the trading market on which our shares are listed, we will ensure that the overall composition of our Board complies with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and the rules thereunder, and the listing requirements of the trading market, including the requirement that one member of the Board qualifies as a financial expert. Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. B.F. Borgers CPA, PC (PCAOB ID: ), services as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm. The following is a summary of fees paid or to be paid to B.F. Borgers CPA, PC, for services rendered for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 2022 2021 Audit fees BF Borgers, PC 200,000 200,000 Audit related fees BF Borgers, PC 10,000 10,000 Tax fees - - All other fees - - 45 Table of Contents Audit Fees This category includes the audit of our annual financial statements, review of financial statements included in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and services that are normally provided by the independent registered public accounting firm in connection with engagements for those fiscal years. This category also includes advice on audit and accounting matters that arose during, or as a result of, the audit or the review of interim financial statements. Audit Related Fees This category consists of assurance and related services by the independent registered public accounting firm that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported above under Audit Fees. The services for the fees disclosed under this category include consultation regarding our correspondence with the Securities and Exchange Commission and other accounting consulting. Tax Fees This category consists of professional services rendered for tax compliance and tax advice. The services for the fees disclosed under this category include tax return preparation and technical tax advice. All Other Fees This category consists of fees for other miscellaneous items. Pre-Approval Policy Our audit committee was formed upon the consummation of our Initial Public Offering. As a result, the audit committee did not preapprove all of the foregoing services, although any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board of directors. Since the formation of our audit committee, and on a goingforward basis, the audit committee has and will preapprove all auditing services and permitted nonaudit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions for nonaudit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit). PART IV Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedule. The following exhibits are filed herewith except as otherwise noted. Exhibits referenced in previous filings by the Company with the SEC are incorporated by reference herein. 46 Table of Contents Exhibit Number Description Location Reference 3.1 Articles of Incorporation of Natural Gas Fueling and Conversion Inc. Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed with the SEC on November 27, 2013. 3.2 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of NGFC Equities Inc. Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s 8k filed on February 25, 2015. 3.3 Articles of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation of NGFC Equities, Inc. Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 8-K on February 21, 2017. 3.4 Articles of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation of American Resources Corporation dated March 24, 2017. Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the Company s Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on February 20, 2018. 3.5 Bylaws of Natural Gas Fueling and Conversion Inc. Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed with the SEC on November 27, 2013. 3.6 Bylaws, of NGFC Equities Inc., as amended and restated. Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s 8k filed on February 25, 2015. 3.7 Articles of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation of American Resources Corporation dated November 8, 2018. Filed as Exhibit 99.1 to the Company s 8k filed on November 13, 2018, incorporated herein by reference. 3.8 Bylaws of American Resources Corporation, as amended and restated Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the Company s 8k filed on November 13, 2018. 4.1 Common Stock Purchase Warrant B-4 dated October 4, 2017 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s 8k filed on October 11, 2017. 4.2 Common Stock Purchase Warrant C-1 dated October 4, 2017 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s 8k filed on October 11, 2017. 4.3 Common Stock Purchase Warrant C-2 dated October 4, 2017 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s 8k filed on October 11, 2017. 4.4 Common Stock Purchase Warrant C-3 dated October 4, 2017 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Company s 8k filed on October 11, 2017. 4.5 Common Stock Purchase Warrant C-4 dated October 4, 2017 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to the Company s 8k filed on October 11, 2017. 4.6 Promissory Note for 600,000.00 dated October 4, 2017 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.6 to the Company s 8k filed on October 11, 2017. 4.7 Promissory Note for 1,674,632.14 dated October 4, 2017 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.7 to the Company s 8k filed on October 11, 2017. 4.8 Loan Agreement for up to 6,500,000 dated December 31, 2018 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Company s 8k filed on January 3, 2019. 4.9 Promissory Note for up to 6,500,000 dated December 31, 2018 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the Company s 8k filed on January 3, 2019. 10.1 Secured Promissory Note Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Company s 8k filed on May 15, 2018. 10.2 Security Agreement Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the Company s 8k filed on May 15, 2018. 10.3 Pledge Agreement Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.3 to the Company s 8k filed on May 15, 2018. 10.4 Guaranty Agreement Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.4 to the Company s 8k filed on May 15, 2018. 10.5 Bill of Sale Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.5 to the Company s 8k filed on May 15, 2018. 10.6 Sublease Agreement Between Colonial Coal Company, Inc. and McCoy Elkhorn Coal LLC Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Company s 8k filed on May 1, 2018 10.7 Interim Operating Agreement Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the Company s 8k filed on May 1, 2018 10.8 Consolidated and Restated Loan and Security Agreement dated October 4, 2017 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s 8k filed on October 11, 2017 10.9 Asset Purchase Agreement between Wyoming County Coal LLC and Thomas Shelton dated November 7, 2018 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Company s registration statement filed on February 14, 2019. 49 Table of Contents 10.10 Asset Purchase Agreement between Wyoming County Coal LLC and Synergy Coal, LLC dated November 7, 2018 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Company s registration statement filed on February 14, 2019. 10.11 Security Agreement Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.3 to the Company s 8k filed on January 3, 2019. 10.12 Purchase Order Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.4 to the Company s 8k filed on January 3, 2019. 10.13 Employment Agreement with Mark C. Jensen Incorporated herein by reference Form 8-K filed on November 25, 2020. 10.14 Employment Agreement with Thomas M. Sauve Incorporated herein by Form 8-K filed on November 25, 2020. 10.15 Employment Agreement with Kirk P. Taylor Incorporated herein by reference Form 8-K filed on November 25, 2020. 10.16 Employee Stock Option Plan Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to the Company s registration statement filed on February 14, 2019. 10.17 Letter of Intent Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to the Company s registration statement filed on February 14, 2019. 10.18 Merger Agreement with Colonial Coal Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to the Company s registration statement filed on February 14, 2019. 10.19 Share Exchange Agreement to replace Merger Agreement with Colonial Coal Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to the Company s registration statement filed on February 14, 2019. 14.1 Code of Conduct Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the Company s 8k filed on November 13, 2018. 14.2 Financial Code of Ethics Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.3 to the Company s 8k filed on November 13, 2018. 31.1 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Filed Herewith 31.2 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Filed Herewith 32.1 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Filed Herewith 32.2 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Filed Herewith 95.1 Mine Safety Disclosure pursuant to Regulation S-K, Item 104 Filed Herewith. 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 47 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. AMERICAN RESOURCES CORPORATION NAME TITLE DATE /s/ Mark C. Jensen Principal Executive Officer, March 31, 2023 Mark C. Jensen Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of the Board of Directors Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. NAME TITLE DATE /s/ Mark C. Jensen Principal Executive Officer, March 31, 2023 Mark C. Jensen Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of the Board of Directors /s/ Kirk P. Taylor Principal Financial Officer, Chief Financial Officer March 31, 2023 Kirk P. Taylor /s/ Thomas M. Sauve Director, President March 31, 2023 Thomas M. Sauve /s/ Michael Layman Director March 31, 2023 Michael Layman /s/ Gerardine Botte Director March 31, 2023 Gerardine Botte, PHD /s/ Courtenay O. Taplin Director March 31, 2023 Courtenay O. Taplin 48 Table of Contents Supplemental Information to be Furnished With Reports Filed Pursuant to Section 15(d) of the Act by Registrants Which Have Not Registered Securities Pursuant to Section 12 of the Act None. 49 Table of Contents AMERICAN RESOURCES CORPORATION CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2022 and 2021 AMERICAN RESOURCES CORPORATION CONTENTS Page CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm F-1 Consolidated Balance Sheets F-2 Consolidated Statements of Operations F-3 Consolidated Statements of Changes Stockholders Deficit F-4 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows F-5 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-6 50 Table of Contents Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the shareholders and the board of directors of American Resources Corporation Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of American Resources Corporation as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations, stockholders' equity (deficit), and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matter Critical audit matters are matters arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. /S/ (PCAOB ID 5041) We have served as the Company's auditor since 2020 March 31, 2023 F-1 Table of Contents AMERICAN RESOURCES CORPORATION CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS December 31, 2022 2021 ASSETS Current assets Cash Receivables Inventory Prepaid fees and deposits Advances to related party Total current assets Cash - restricted Property and equipment, net Long-term right of use assets, net Investment in llc- related party Notes receivables Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT Current liabilities Trade payables Non-trade payables Accounts payable - related party Accrued interest Due to affiliate Current portion of long term debt Current portion of convertible debt (net of unamortized discount of and Current portion of lease liabilities, net Total current liabilities Notes payable Convertible note payables (net of unamortized discount of and Remediation liability Lease liabilities, net Total liabilities Stockholders' deficit Common stock: par value; shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding Additional paid in capital Accumulated deficit Total stockholders' deficit Total liabilities and stockholders' deficit The accompanying footnotes are integral to the consolidated financial statements F-2 Table of Contents AMERICAN RESOURCES CORPORATION CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS December 31, 2022 2021 Revenue Coal sales Metal recovery and sales Royalty income Total revenue Cost of coal sales and processing Accretion Depreciation Amortization of mining rights General and administrative Professional fees Production taxes and royalties Development Total expenses from operations Net loss from operations Other income and (expense) Unrealized gain on trading securities Gain on cancelation of debt Gain on Sales of Assets Gain on Sales of Patents Amortization of debt discount and debt issuance costs Interest income Interest expense Net loss attributable to American Resources Corporation shareholders Net loss per share - basic and diluted Weighted average shares outstanding The accompanying footnotes are integral to the consolidated financial statements F-3 Table of Contents AMERICAN RESOURCES CORPORATION STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT DECEMBER 31, 2022 Common stock Par value shares 0.0001 Amount Additional paid in capital Accumulated deficit Total Balance December 31, 2020 Shares issued in connection with registered offering Shares issued in connection with warrant and option conversions Shares issued in connection with debt and payable conversions Shares issued for services Amortization of debt discount - Stock compensation - options - Assumption of membership interest - Net loss - Balance December 31, 2021 Shares issued in connection with warrant and option conversions Shares issued in connection with debt and payable conversions Shares issued for services Amortization of debt discount - Stock compensation - options - Repurchase of Shares Outstanding Net loss - Balance December 31, 2022 The accompanying footnotes are integral to the consolidated financial statements F-4 Table of Contents AMERICAN RESOURCES CORPORATION CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 2022 2021 Cash Flows from Operating activities: Net loss Adjustments to reconcile net income loss) to net cash Depreciation expense Amortization of mining rights Accretion expense Accretion of Right to Use Assets Amortization of debt discount Option Expense Net Discount Discount Amortization Conversion Gain on debt forgiveness Issuance of common shares for services Loan forgiveness - NMTC Change in current assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable Inventory Prepaid expenses and other current assets Accounts payable Accrued interest Accounts payable related party- Due to Affiliates Cash used in operating activities Cash Flows from Investing activities: Cash received (paid) for PPE, net Cash invested in note receivable Investment in LLCs Cash provided by investing activities Cash Flows from Financing activities: Principal payments on long term debt Sale of Common Stock for Cash Cash received from warrant and option conversions Proceeds from convertible note Convertible Note Conversions Capitalized Interest Issuance of common shares for debt settlement Proceeds from long term debt Cash used to repurchase shares Principal payments on finance lease Cash provided by financing activities Increase (decrease) in cash Cash, beginning of year Cash, end of year Supplemental Information Cash paid for interest The accompanying footnotes are integral to the consolidated financial statements F-5 Table of Contents AMERICAN RESOURCES CORPORATION NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2022 and 2021 newly created Series A Preferred shares that is convertible into approximately 95 of outstanding common stock of NGFC. The previous NGFC shareholders retained common shares as part of the agreement. The conditions to the agreement were fully satisfied on February 7, 2017, at which time the Company took full control of NGFC. NGFC has been renamed to American Resources Corporation ARC. The transaction was accounted for as a recapitalization. ACC was the accounting acquirer and ARC will continue the business operations of ACC, therefore, the historical financial statements presented are those of ACC and its subsidiaries. The equity and share information reflect the results of the recapitalization. On May 15, 2017, ARC initiated a one-for-thirty reverse stock split. The financial statements have been retrospectively restated to give effect to this split. Entities for which ownership is less than 100 a determination is made whether there is a requirement to apply the variable interest entity (VIE) model to the entity. Where the company holds current or potential rights that give it the power to direct the activities of a VIE that most significantly impact the VIE s economic performance, combined with a variable interest that gives the Company the right to receive potentially significant benefits or the obligation to absorb potentially significant losses, the Company would be deemed to have a controlling interest. The company is the primary beneficiary of ERC Mining, LLC, which qualifies as a variable interest entity. Accordingly, the assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses of ERC Mining, LLC have been included in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. The company has no ownership in ERC Mining, LLC. Determination of the company as the primary beneficiary is based on the power through its management functions to direct the activities that most significantly impact the economic performance of ERC Mining, LLC. On March 18, 2016, the company lent ERC Mining, LLC to facilitate the transaction described in Note 6, which represent amounts that could be significant to ERC. No further support has been provided. The company has ongoing involvement in the management of ERC Mining, LLC to ensure their fulfillment of the transaction described in Note 6. The company is the primary beneficiary of Advanced Carbon Materials LLC (ACM), which qualifies as a variable interest entity. Accordingly, the assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses of ACM have been included in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. The company is a owner in ACM and has control of of the cash flow which led to the determination of the company as the primary beneficiary. As of December 31, 2022, ACM had no assets, liabilities or operations. Deane was formed in November 2007 for the purpose of operating underground coal mines and coal processing facilities. Deane was acquired on December 31, 2015 and as such no operations are presented prior to the acquisition date. F-6 Table of Contents and the corresponding asset retirement obligation totaling 919,158 which resulted in a gain of . WCC was formed in October 2018 for the purpose of acquiring and operating underground and surface coal mine and a coal processing facility. No operations were undergoing at the time of formation or acquisition. On September 25, 2019, Perry County Resources LLC (PCR) was formed as a wholly owned subsidiary of ACC. On June 8, 2020, American Rare Earth LLC was created as a wholly owned subsidiary of ARC for the purpose of developing and monetizing rare earth mineral deposits. During 2022, American Rare Earth LLC was renamed to reElement Technology LLC. On June 28, 2020, American Metals LLC was created as a wholly owned subsidiary of ARC for the purpose of aggregating, processing and selling recovered steel and metals. During January 2021, the Company invested for ownership and become the managing member of American Opportunity Venture, LLC. (AOV) It has been determined that AOV is a variable interest entity and that the Company is not primary beneficiary. As such, the investment in AOV will be accounted for using the equity method of accounting. (Note 5) During March 2021, the Company invested for ownership and become the managing member of American Opportunity Venture II, LLC. (AOVII). As such, the investment in AOVII has been eliminated in the accompanying financial statements. As of September 30, 2021, AOVII has had no operational activity. (Note 5) During March 2021, the Company licensed certain technology to an unrelated entity, Novusterra, Inc. According to the commercial terms of the license, the Company is to receive 50 of future cash flows and common shares of Novusterra, Inc. During August 22, 2022, the Company sold the licensed patents to Novusterra, Inc. All prior licensing obligations were voided upon the sale. It has been determined that Novusterra is a variable interest entity and that the Company is not the primary beneficiary. As such, the investment in Novusterra will be accounted for using the equity method of accounting. (Note 5) Asset Acquisitions: F-7 Table of Contents . Additional assumed liabilities total . The liabilities assumed do not require fair value readjustments. The assets acquired do not represent a business as defined in FASB AS 805-10-20 due to their classification as a single asset. Accordingly, the assets acquired are initially recognized at the consideration paid, which was the liabilities assumed and a cash payment of 1, including direct acquisition costs, of which there were none. The cost is allocated to the group of assets acquired based on their relative fair value. Because the transaction closed near the end of the reporting quarter the values assigned were provisional as of December 31, 2020 while the company continues to gather information, including evaluations of mining permits, discovery of assumed unsecured payables and timing and extent of end of mine life cost. As of September 30, 2020, the values assigned were deemed final. F-8 Table of Contents Mine Development Coal Refuse Land Equipment - Underground Equipment - Surface Processing and Loading Facility Liabilities Reclamation liability Accrued liabilities On March 4, 2020, PCR entered into a sales agreement with an unrelated entity for three non-core permits which were acquired during the initial purchase on September 27, 2019. At the time of the purchase, PCR did not assign any value to the permits as they were not within the company s plans to operate. The sale of the permits resulted in the release of of reclamation bonds and of asset retirement obligation liability. Consideration received was in cash and in equipment. The equipment has not been received as of the report date. The transaction resulted in a gain on sale of . F-9 Table of Contents . The funds are held to pay annual asset management fees to an unrelated party through 2021. The balance as of December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020 was and , respectively. During the 2020 the Company established a reclamation bonding collateral fund. The balance of the restricted cash being held totaled and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The following table sets forth a reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash reported in the consolidated balance sheet that agrees to the total of those amounts as presented in the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. Restricted Cash Total cash and restricted cash presented in the consolidated statement of cash flows F-10 Table of Contents . Revisions to estimates are a result of changes in the expected spending estimate or the timing of the spending estimate associated with planned reclamation. Federal and State laws require that mines be reclaimed in accordance with specific standards and approved reclamation plans, as outlined in mining permits. Activities include reclamation of pit and support acreage at surface mines, sealing portals at underground mines, and reclamation of refuse areas and slurry ponds. We assess our ARO at least annually and reflect revisions for permit changes, change in our estimated reclamation costs and changes in the estimated timing of such costs. During 2022 and 2021, and were incurred for gain loss on settlement on ARO. The table below reflects the changes to our ARO: Accretion Ending Balance F-11 Table of Contents and of revenue came from three coal customers and three coal customers, respectively. During December 31, 2022 and 2021, and of revenue came from three and two metal recovery customers. As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, and of outstanding accounts receivable came from two and two customers, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and of generated from sales to the steel and industrial industry, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and of generated from sales to the utility industry, respectively. , all of which is classified as surface equipment. The Company leases certain office and facility space under noncancelable operating leases, typically with initial terms of 1 to 10 years. Right to use assets recorded on the balance sheet as of December 31, 2022, associated with these leases amounted to . Right to use liabilities recorded on the balance sheet as of December 31, 2022, associated with these leases amounted to . per share. The remaining balance of the convertible note outstanding converted to common shares during January 2023. F-12 Table of Contents as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Amortization expense for the next five years is expected to be approximately 0, annually. and , respectively. Allowance for other accounts receivables as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 amounted to 0 and 0, respectively. Allowance for trade receivables as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 amounted to , for both years. Allowance for other accounts receivables, including note receivables as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 amounted to 1,744,570 and 1,494,570, respectively. The allowance related to the purchase of a note receivable from a third party. The note receivable has collateral in certain mining permits which are strategic to KCC. Timing of payment on the note is uncertain resulting a full allowance for the note. Trade and loan receivables are carried at amortized cost, net of allowance for losses. Amortized cost approximated book value as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. and outstanding stock warrants, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had and outstanding stock options, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had and shares of Series A Preferred Stock, respectively, that has the ability to convert at any time into 0 and 0 shares of common stock, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had and 0 shares of Series B Preferred Stock, respectively, that has the ability to convert at any time into 0 and 0 shares of common stock, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had and restrictive stock awards, restricted stock units, or performance-based awards. F-13 Table of Contents Underground equipment Surface equipment Mine development Coal refuse storage Rare Earth Processing Construction in Progress Land Less: Accumulated depreciation Total Property and Equipment, Net 9,113,724 Depreciation expense amounted to and for the years of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Amortization of mining rights amounted to and for the years of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The estimated useful lives are as follows: Surface Equipment Underground Equipment Mine Development Coal Refuse Storage per month in rent for the office space and the rental lease expires . We also rent office space from an affiliated entity, LRR, at 11000 Highway 7 South, Kite, Kentucky 41828 and pay per month rent and the rental lease expires . On August 17, 2021, American Rare Earth entered into a Commercial Land Lease sublease agreement with Land Betterment for nearly acres of land for the purpose of building a commercial grade critical element purification facility. The sublease is for the period of 5 years with a rate of a month. On October 8, 2021, American Rare Earth entered into a Commercial Lease for square feet of warehouse space for the purpose of building a commercial grade critical element purification facility. The is for the period of 2 years with a rate of .83 a month. On June 22, 2022 ReElement Technologies LLC entered into a Financial Lease for equipment at 2069 Highway 194 E., Meta, KY 41501 with Maxus Capital Group. On August 16, 2022 the Company entered into a Financial Lease for equipment for it facilitates with Maxus Capital Group. At December 31, 2022 and 2021 Right of use assets and liabilities were comprised of the following: Kite Kentucky Lease Rare Earth Commercial Land Lease Rare Earth Commercial Purification Facility Lease Finance Leases Rare Earth Equipment Lease Equipment Lease Totals Current Long-term and , respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, new debt issuances totaled and , respectively. F-14 Table of Contents On December 7, 2017, ACC entered into an equipment financing agreement with an unaffiliated entity, to purchase certain surface equipment for 56,900. The agreement calls for an interest rate of 8.522 , monthly payments until maturity of January 7, 2021. The note is secured by the equipment purchased. The balance of the note was repaid with cash during 2021. On January 25, 2018, ACC entered into an equipment loan agreement with an unrelated party in the amount of 346,660. The agreement calls for monthly payments of 11,360 until maturity date of December 24, 2020 and carries an interest rate of 9 . The loan is secured by the underlying surface equipment purchased by the loan. Loan proceeds were used directly to purchase equipment. On May 9, 2018, ACC entered into a loan agreement with an unrelated party in the amount of 1,000,000 with a maturity date of September 24, 2018 with monthly payments of 250,000 due beginning June 15, 2018. The note is secured by the assets and equity of the company and carries an interest rate of 0 . Proceeds of the note were split between receipt of 575,000 cash and 425,000 payment for new equipment. No payments have been made on the note which is in default. The note is secured by the equipment purchased by the note and a personal guarantee of an officer. ARC Corporate Loan On June 3, 2022, the Company entered into a loan agreement with an unrelated party in the amount of 2,500,000 with a maturity date of June 27, 2023. The interest rate is 5 and payments are based on coal sales. On April 20, 2022 the Company entered into a loan agreement with an unrelated party in the amount of 45,000 and will repay 63,000. On April 23, 2020, the Company received loan proceeds in the amount of approximately 2,649,800 under the Paycheck Protection Program PPP ). The PPP, established as part of the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act CARES Act ), provides for loans to qualifying businesses for amounts up to 2.5 times of the average monthly payroll expenses of the qualifying business. The loans and accrued interest are forgivable as long as the borrower uses the loan proceeds for eligible purposes, including payroll, benefits, rent and utilities, and maintains its payroll levels. The amount of loan forgiveness will be reduced if the borrower terminates employees or reduces salaries during the period. On January 26, 2022, the Company received forgiveness of 1,521,304 of principal. On September 11, 2020, the Company entered into a 1,493,233.65 settlement agreement with a non-related party. Starting April 1, 2021, the note requires monthly payments of 100,000 until the balance is paid in full. F-15 Table of Contents Total note payables Less: Current maturities 1,917,507 Total Long-term note payables, net of discount F-16 Table of Contents Less: Debt Discounts - Total convertible note payables, net of discount Affiliate notes consisted of the following at December 31, 2022 and 2021: Total affiliate note payables F-17 Table of Contents in 2022 and in 2021. Future minimum principal payments, interest payments and payments on capital leases are as follows: 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. On April 30, 2017, the Company purchased of secured debt that had been owed to that party, by an operating subsidiary of a related party. As a result of the transaction, the Company is now the creditor on the notes. The first note in the amount of is dated , carries an interest rate of and was due on September 13, 2015. The second note in the amount of is dated , carries an interest rate of and was due January 17, 2016. Both notes are in default and have been fully impaired due to collectability uncertainty. On October 24, 2016, the Company sold certain mineral and land interests to a subsidiary of an entity, LRR, owned by members of the Company s management. LRR leases various parcels of land to QEI and engages in other activities creating miscellaneous income. The consideration for the transaction was a note in the amount of . The note bears no interest and is due in 2026. As of January 28, 2017, the note was paid in full. From October 24, 2016. this transaction was eliminated upon consolidation as a variable interest entity. As of July 1, 2018, the accounts of Land Resources Royalties, LLC have been deconsolidated from the financial statements based upon the ongoing review of its status as a variable interest entity. As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, amounts owed to LRR totaled and , respectively. On February 13, 2020, the Company entered into a Contract Services Agreement with Land Betterment Corp, an entity controlled by certain members of the Company s management who are also directors and shareholders. . The agreement covers services across all of the Company s properties. During 2022 and 2021, the amount incurred under the agreement amounted to and and the amount paid amounted to and . As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the amount due under the agreement amounted to and . The Company is the holder of LBX Tokens with a par value of for each token. The token issuance process is undertaken by a related party, Land Betterment, and is predicated on proactive environmental stewardship and regulatory bond releases. As of December 31, 2022, there is no market for the LBX Token and therefore no value has been assigned. On June 11, 2020 the Company purchased of secured debt included accrued interest that had been owed to that party, by an operating subsidiary of a related party. As a result of the transaction, the Company is now the creditor on the four notes. The first note in the amount of is dated , carries an interest rate of and was due on June 28, 2015. The second note in the amount of is dated , carries an interest rate of and was due June 28, 2015. The third note in the amount of is dated , carries an interest rate of and was due on March 18, 2016. The fourth note in the amount of is dated , carries an interest rate of and was due on . The notes are in default and have been fully impaired due to collectability uncertainty. On January 1, 2021, the Company purchased of secured debt including accrued interest that has been owed to that party, by an operating subsidiary of a related party. As a result of the transaction, the Company is now the creditor on the note. The note is in default and has been fully impaired due to collectability uncertainty. American Opportunity Venture, LLC During January 2021, the company invested for 50 ownership and become the managing member of American Opportunity Venture, LLC. (AOV) It has been determined that AOV is a variable interest entity and that the Company is not primary beneficiary. As such, the investment in AOV will be accounted for using the equity method of accounting. Condensed Summary Financials as Of December 31, 2022: Assets Liabilities Members Equity Total Liabilities and Members' Equity F-18 Table of Contents for 100 ownership and become the managing member of American Opportunity Venture II, LLC. (AOVII). As such, the investment in AOVII has been eliminated in the accompanying financial statements. As of June 30, 2022, AOVII has had no operational activity. Condensed Summary Financials as Of December 31, 2021: Assets Liabilities Members Equity Total Liabilities and Members' Equity Novusterra, Inc. During March 2021, the Company licensed certain technology to an unrelated entity, Novusterra, Inc. According to the commercial terms of the license, the Company is to receive 50 of future cash flows and common shares of Novusterra, Inc. During August 22, 2022, the Company sold the licensed patents to Novusterra, Inc. All prior licensing obligations were voided upon the sale. It has been determined that Novusterra is a variable interest entity and that the Company is not the primary beneficiary. As such, the investment in Novusterra will be accounted for using the equity method of accounting. As of June 30, 2022, Novusterra has had no operational activity. Condensed Summary Financials as Of December 31, 2022: Total current assets Non-current assets: Intangible assets Operating lease right-of-use asset Total non-current assets Total Assets Liabilities and Stockholders Equity Current liabilities: Accounts payables Accrued interest Other current liabilities Current portion of operating lease liabilities Total current liabilities Long term debt, net of current portion Operating lease liabilities, less current portion Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies Stockholders Equity Preferred stock - no par value; 400,000,000 shares authorized; 0 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020 Class A Common stock - no par value; 2,600,000,000 shares and 2,400,000,000 shares authorized as of December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, respectively; 10,481,347 shares and 832,670 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, respectively Class B Common stock - no par value; 0 shares and 200,000,000 shares authorized as of December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, respectively; 0 shares and 3,666,667 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, respectively Accumulated deficit Total stockholders equity Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity Condensed Summary Financials as Of December 31, 2021: Total current assets Non-current assets: Intangible assets Operating lease right-of-use asset Total non-current assets Total Assets Liabilities and Stockholders Equity Current liabilities: Accounts payables Accrued interest Other current liabilities Current portion of operating lease liabilities Total current liabilities Long term debt, net of current portion Operating lease liabilities, less current portion Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies Stockholders Equity Preferred stock - no par value; 400,000,000 shares authorized; 0 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020 Class A Common stock - no par value; 2,600,000,000 shares and 2,400,000,000 shares authorized as of December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, respectively; 10,481,347 shares and 832,670 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, respectively Class B Common stock - no par value; 0 shares and 200,000,000 shares authorized as of December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, respectively; 0 shares and 3,666,667 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, respectively Accumulated deficit Total stockholders equity Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity F-19 Table of Contents . Quest Processing paid of debt issuance costs resulting in net proceeds of . See note 3. The Company retains the right to call of the loans in March 2023. State of Kentucky income tax credits were generated for the lender which the Company has guaranteed over their statutory life of seven years in the event the credits are recaptured or reduced. At the time of the transaction, the income tax credits were valued at . The Company has not established a liability in connection with the guarantee because it believes the likelihood of recapture or reduction is remote. On March 18, 2016, ERC Mining LLC, an entity consolidated as a VIE, lent 4,117,139 to an unaffiliated entity, as part of the Kentucky New Markets Development Program loans. The note bears interest at and is due . The balance as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 was and , respectively. Payments of interest only are due quarterly until March 18, 2023 at which time quarterly principal and interest are due. The note is collateralized by the equity interests of the borrower. The Company s management also manages the operations of ERC Mining LLC. ERC Mining LLC has assets totaling and liabilities totaling as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, for which there are to be used in conjunction with the transaction described above. Assets totaling and and liabilities totaling and , respectively, are eliminated upon consolidation as of December 31, 2021 and 2020. The Company s risk associated with ERC Mining LLC is greater than its ownership percentage and its involvement does not affect the Company s business beyond the relationship described above. On November 9. 2021, Quest Processing fulfilled all obligations of the loans under the Kentucky New Markets Development Program. As such, all amounts due under the notes were forgiven and ongoing requirements were ended. F-20 Table of Contents and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which was fully reserved. Deferred tax assets consist of net operating loss carryforwards in the amount of and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which was fully reserved. . The application of net operating loss carryforwards are subject to certain limitations as provided for in the tax code. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act was signed into law on December 22, 2017, and reduced the corporate income tax rate from . The Company s deferred tax assets, liabilities, and valuation allowance have been adjusted to reflect the impact of the new tax law. . The Company s effective income tax rate is lower than what would be expected if the U.S. federal statutory rate were applied to income before income taxes primarily due to certain expenses being deductible for tax purposes but not for financial reporting purposes. The Company files income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and various state jurisdictions. All years are open to examination as of December 31, 2022. per share, covering up to an aggregate of shares of Series A Preferred stock. The Series A Preferred stock will cover the number of shares and will have the powers, preferences, rights, qualifications, limitations and restrictions determined by the board of directors, which may include, among others, dividend rights, liquidation preferences, voting rights, conversion rights, preemptive rights and redemption rights. Additionally, the holders of preferred stock will entitled to vote at or receive notice of any meeting of stockholders. As of the date of this filing, no shares of Series A Preferred stock are outstanding. See Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management for more detail on the Series A Preferred stockholders. Voting Rights . The holders of Series A Preferred Stock shall be entitled to vote on an as-converted basis for any matters that require voting of the Class A Common Stock. Dividend Rights . The holders of the Series A Preferred stock are entitled to receive its proportional distribution or accrual of the cash dividend as if the Series A Preferred Stock were converted to Class A Common Stock (plus any Class A Common Stock equivalents that may be entitled to receive a dividend). Conversion Rights . . Liquidation Rights . Upon our liquidation, dissolution, distribution of assets or other winding up, the holders of the Series A Preferred shares shall be entitled to receive in preference to the holders of the Common Stock a per share amount equal to per share. F-21 Table of Contents , which shall be issued proportionally to each respective Series A Holder s share in the Series A Holdings at the time of the adjustment. This anti-dilution protection shall include the effect of any security, note, common stock equivalents, or any other derivative instruments or liability issued or outstanding during the anti-dilution period that could potential cause dilution during the anti-dilution period or in the future. As of February 14, 2019, all Series A Preferred stock has been converted into Common shares of the company. Series B Preferred Stock Our certificate of incorporation authorizes our board of directors, subject to any limitations prescribed by law, without further stockholder approval, to establish and to issue from time to time our Series B Preferred stock, par value per share, covering up to an aggregate of shares of Series B Preferred stock. The Series B Preferred stock will cover the number of shares and will have the powers, preferences, rights, qualifications, limitations and restrictions determined by the board of directors, which may include, among others, dividend rights, liquidation preferences, voting rights, conversion rights, preemptive rights and redemption rights. Except as provided by law or in a preferred stock designation, the holders of preferred stock will not be entitled to vote at or receive notice of any meeting of stockholders. As of the date of this filing, no shares of Series B Preferred stock are outstanding. See Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management for more detail on the Series B Preferred stock holders. Voting Rights . The holders of Series B Preferred shares have no voting rights. Dividend Rights . The holders of the Series B Preferred shall accrue a dividend based on an annual percentage rate, compounded quarterly in arrears, for any Series B Preferred stock that is outstanding at the end of such prior quarter. Conversion Rights . The holders of the Series B Preferred stock are entitled to convert into common shares, at the holder s discretion, at a conversion price of Three Dollars and Sixty Cents per share of common stock, subject to certain price adjustments found in the Series B Preferred stock purchase agreements. Liquidation Rights . Upon our liquidation, dissolution, distribution of assets or other winding up, the holders of Series B Preferred shares shall have a liquidation preference to the Series A Preferred and Common shares at an amount equal to the holders investment in the Series B Preferred stock. Series C Preferred Stock Our certificate of incorporation authorizes our board of directors, subject to any limitations prescribed by law, without further stockholder approval, to establish and to issue from time to time our Series C Preferred stock, par value per share, covering up to an aggregate of shares of Series C Preferred stock. The Series C Preferred stock will cover the number of shares and will have the powers, preferences, rights, qualifications, limitations and restrictions determined by the board of directors, which may include, among others, dividend rights, liquidation preferences, voting rights, conversion rights, preemptive rights and redemption rights. Except as provided by law or in a preferred stock designation, the holders of preferred stock will not be entitled to vote at or receive notice of any meeting of stockholders. As of the date of this filing, no shares of Series C Preferred stock are outstanding. See Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management for more detail on the Series C Preferred stock holders. Voting Rights . The holders of Series C Preferred shares are entitled to vote on an as-converted basis of one share of Series C Preferred Stock voting one vote of common stock. Dividend Rights . The holders of the Series C Preferred shall accrue a dividend based on an annual percentage rate, compounded annually in arrears, for any Series C Preferred stock that is outstanding at the end of such prior year. F-22 Table of Contents per share of common stock, subject to certain price adjustments found in the Series C Preferred stock purchase agreements. Should the company complete an equity offering (including any offering convertible into equity of the Company) of greater than Five Million Dollars (the Underwritten Offering ), then the Series C Preferred stock shall be automatically and without notice convertible into Common Stock of the company concurrently with the subsequent Underwritten Offering at the same per share offering price of the Underwritten Offering. If the Underwritten Offering occurs within twelve months of the issuance of the Series C Preferred stock to the holder, the annual dividend of 10.0 shall become immediately accrued to the balance of the Series C Preferred stock and converted into the Underwritten Offering. Liquidation Rights . Upon our liquidation, dissolution, distribution of assets or other winding up, the holders of Series C Preferred shares shall have a liquidation preference to the Common shares at an amount equal to per share. As of February 21, 2019, all Series C Preferred stock has been converted into Common shares of the company. Common Share Transactions On March 17, 2021, . On June 9, 2021, the . During 2021, the Company issued share of Class A Common Stock pursuant to warrant conversions. During 2021, the Company issued shares of Class A Common Stock pursuant to debt conversions. During 2021, the Company issued shares of Class A Common Stock pursuant to various consulting arrangements. During 2022, the Company issued share of Class A Common Stock pursuant to warrant conversions. During 2022, the Company issued shares of Class A Common Stock pursuant to debt conversions. During 2022, the Company issued shares of Class A Common Stock pursuant to various consulting arrangements. During 2022, the Company repurchased shares of Class A Common Stock. F-23 Table of Contents shares of Series A Preferred stock under the 2016 Plan. The 2016 Plan is administered by the Board of Directors, which has substantial discretion to determine persons, amounts, time, price, exercise terms, and restrictions of the grants, if any. The options issued under the 2016 Plan vest upon issuance. A new 2018 Stock Option Plan (2018 Plan) was approved by the Board on July 1, 2018 and amended on July 16, 2020. The Company may grant up to shares of common stock under the 2018 Plan. The 2018 Plan is administered by the Board of Directors, which has substantial discretion to determine persons, amounts, time, price, vesting schedules, exercise terms, and restrictions of the grants, if any. On September 12, 2018, the Board issued a total of options to four employees of the Company under the 2018 Plan. The options have an expiration date of September 10, 2025 and have an exercise price of per share. . During December 2021, the Company issued Employee Stock options under the current plan. The individual option awards vest . During July and September 2022, the Company issued Employee Stock options under the current plan. The individual option awards vest Warrant Transactions On June 12, 2019, we entered into an agreement with Golden Properties Ltd., a British Columbia company based in Vancouver, Canada Golden Properties to amend warrants C-1 , C-2 C-3 , and C-4 that were originally part of a October 4, 2017 agreement with Golden Properties that involved a series of loans made by Golden Properties to the Company. As a result, the following warrants are issued to Golden Properties: Warrant B-4, for the purchase of shares of common stock at per share, as adjusted from time to time, expiring on October 4, 2020, and providing the Company with up to in cash proceeds should all the warrants be exercised. There was no change to Warrant B-4 as part of the June 12, 2019 amendment; Warrant C-1, for the purchase of shares of common stock at per share, as adjusted from time to time, expiring on , and providing the Company with up to in cash proceeds should all the warrants be exercised; Warrant C-2, for the purchase of shares of common stock at per share, as adjusted from time to time, expiring on , and providing the Company with up to in cash proceeds should all the warrants be exercised; Warrant C-3, for the purchase of shares of common stock at per share, as adjusted from time to time, expiring , and providing the Company with up to in cash proceeds should all the warrants be exercised; and Warrant C-4, for the purchase of shares of common stock at per share, as adjusted from time to time, expiring , and providing the Company with up to in cash proceeds should all the warrants be exercised. On February 3 2020, we entered into a warrant adjustment agreement with Golden Properties Ltd., a British Columbia company based in Vancouver, Canada Golden Properties to amend warrants C-1 , C-2 C-3 , and C-4 that were originally part of a October 4, 2017 agreement with Golden Properties that involved a series of loans made by Golden Properties to the Company. As a result, the following warrants modified for Golden Properties: Warrant C-1, for the purchase of shares of common stock at per share, as adjusted from time to time, expiring on January 31, 2023, and providing the Company with up to in cash proceeds should all the warrants be exercised; Warrant C-2, for the purchase of shares of common stock at per share, as adjusted from time to time, expiring on January 31, 2023, and providing the Company with up to in cash proceeds should all the warrants be exercised; Warrant C-3, for the purchase of shares of common stock at per share, as adjusted from time to time, expiring January 31, 2023, and providing the Company with up to in cash proceeds should all the warrants be exercised; and Warrant C-4, for the purchase of shares of common stock at per share, as adjusted from time to time, expiring January 31, 2023, and providing the Company with up to in cash proceeds should all the warrants be exercised. F-24 Table of Contents Class A Common Shares at a price of . The warrants expire on . On February 2, 2021, the Company issued Common Stock Purchase Warrant C-37 in conjunction with the issuance of convertible note. The warrant provides the option to purchase Class A Common Shares at a price of . The warrants expire on . On February 7, 2021, the Company issued Common Stock Purchase Warrant A-11 for rare earth processing advisory. The warrant provides the option to purchase Class A Common Shares at a price of . The warrants expire on . On March 11, 2021, the Company issued Common Stock Purchase Warrant C-38 in conjunction with a restricted stock purchase. The warrant provides the option to purchase Class A Common Shares at a price of . The warrants expire on . On March 12, 2021, the Company issued Common Stock Purchase Warrant C-39 in conjunction with a restricted stock purchase. The warrant provides the option to purchase Class A Common Shares at a price of . The warrants expire on . On March 15, 2021, the Company issued Common Stock Purchase Warrant C-39 in conjunction with consulting services. The warrant provides the option to purchase Class A Common Shares at a price of . The warrants expire on . On March 16, 2021, the Company issued Common Stock Purchase Warrant C-40 in conjunction with a restricted stock purchase. The warrant provides the option to purchase Class A Common Shares at a price of . The warrants expire on . On June 9, 2021, the Company issued Common Stock Purchase Warrant C-38 in conjunction with a common stock offering. The warrant provides the option to purchase Class A Common Shares at a price of . The warrants expire on . On June 9, 2021, the Company issued Common Stock Purchase Warrant C-39 in conjunction with a common stock offering. The warrant provides the option to purchase Class A Common Shares at a price of . The warrants expire on . On July 28, 2022, the Company issued Common Stock Purchase Warrant A-12 in conjunction with a IR Services. The warrant provides the option to purchase Class A Common Shares at a price of . The warrants expire on . The company uses the black Scholes option pricing model to value its warrants and options. The significant inputs are as follows: Expected volatility Risk-free rate Expected life of warrants .47- years - years F-25 Table of Contents Granted Forfeited or Expired - - - - Exercised Outstanding - December 31, 2021 Exercisable (Vested) - December 31, 2021 Granted 4.00 Forfeited or Expired - - - - Exercised Outstanding - December 31, 2022 Exercisable (Vested) - December 31, 2022 Company Options: Granted Forfeited or Expired Exercised Outstanding - December 31, 2021 Exercisable (Vested) - December 31, 2021 Granted Forfeited or Expired - - Exercised - - Outstanding - December 31, 2022 Exercisable (Vested) - December 31, 2022 F-26 Table of Contents , the Company has accrued as a payable to the Commonwealth of Kentucky including amounts owed to the Kentucky Energy Cabinet. Claims assessed by the Mine Health Safety Administration amount to of which the Company has accrued as a payable. During 2019, McCoy and Deane, received notice of intent to place liens for amounts owed on federal excise taxes. The amounts associated with the notices are included in the company s trade payables. On November 7, 2018, Wyoming County Coal LLC, acquired 5 permits, coal processing and loading facilities, surface ownership, mineral ownership, and coal refuse storage facilities from unrelated entities. Consideration for the acquired assets was the assumption of reclamation bonds totaling , shares of common stock of the company, a seller note of and a seller note of . As of the balance sheet date, the West Virginia permit transfers have not yet been approved. On September 26, 2019, the Company received notice that a certain lease assumption as part of the PCR acquisition was being disputed by the lessor (see note 1). Our principal offices are located at 12115 Visionary Way, Fishers, Indiana 46038. We pay 5,726 per month in rent for the office space and the rental lease expires December 2026. On January 1, 2022, the Company entered into an expansion lease for the site. . We also rent office space from an affiliated entity, LRR, at 11000 Highway 7 South, Kite, Kentucky 41828 and pay per month rent and the rental lease expires . On August 17, 2021, ReElement entered into a Commercial Land Lease sublease agreement with Land Betterment for nearly acres of land for the purpose of building a commercial grade critical element purification facility. The sublease is for the period of years with a rate of a month. On October 8, 2021, ReElement entered into a Commercial Lease for square feet of warehouse space for the purpose of building a commercial grade critical element purification facility. The is for the period of years with a rate of .83 a month. The Company also utilizes various office spaces on-site at its coal mining operations and coal preparation plant locations in eastern Kentucky, with such rental payments covered under any surface lease contracts with any of the surface land owners. was converted into common shares of the Company. Extinguishing all future liabilities under the convertible note. F-27 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 arec_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 arec_ex311.htm EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 Certification of Principal Executive Officer I, Mark C. Jensen, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of American Resources Corporation; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. AMERICAN RESOURCES CORPORATION Date: March 31, 2023 By: /s/: Mark C. Jensen Mark C. Jensen, Chief Executive Officer Principal Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 arec_ex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 arec_ex312.htm EXHIBIT 31.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 Certification of Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer I, Kirk P. Taylor, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of American Resources Corporation; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. AMERICAN RESOURCES CORPORATION Date: March 31, 2023 By: /s/: Kirk P. Taylor Kirk P. Taylor, Chief Financial Officer Principal Financial Officer Principal Accounting Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 arec_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 arec_ex321.htm EXHIBIT 32.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 In connection with the Annual Report of American Resources Corporation, (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2022 to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or about the date hereof (the Report ), I, Mark C. Jensen, Principal Executive Officer of the Company, certify, to my knowledge, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that: (i) the accompanying Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and (ii) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of the dates and for the periods covered by the Report. It is not intended that this statement be deemed to be filed for purposes of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. AMERICAN RESOURCES CORPORATION Date: March 31, 2023 By: /s/: Mark C. Jensen Mark C. Jensen, Chief Executive Officer Principal Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 arec_ex322.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 arec_ex322.htm EXHIBIT 32.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 In connection with the Annual Report of American Resources Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2022 to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or about the date hereof (the Report ), I, Kirk P. Taylor, Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer of the Company, certify, to my knowledge, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that: (i) the accompanying Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and (ii) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of the dates and for the periods covered by the Report. It is not intended that this statement be deemed to be filed for purposes of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. AMERICAN RESOURCES CORPORATION Date: March 31, 2023 By: /s/: Kirk P. Taylor Kirk P. Taylor, Chief Financial Officer Principal Financial Officer Principal Accounting Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-95.1>
 6
 arec_ex951.htm
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURE
 
 arec_ex951.htm EXHIBIT 95.1 Federal Mine Safety and Health Act Information We work to prevent accidents and occupational illnesses. We have in place health and safety programs that include extensive employee training, safety incentives, drug and alcohol testing and safety audits. The objectives of our health and safety programs are to provide a safe work environment, provide employees with proper training and equipment and implement safety and health rules, policies and programs that foster safety excellence. Our mining operations are subject to extensive and stringent compliance standards established pursuant to the Federal Mine Safety and Health Act of 1977 (the Mine Act ). MSHA monitors and rigorously enforces compliance with these standards, and our mining operations are inspected frequently. Citations and orders are issued by MSHA under Section 104 of the Mine Act for violations of the Mine Act or any mandatory health or safety standard, rule, order or regulation promulgated under the Mine Act. The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act Dodd-Frank Act requires issuers to include in periodic reports filed with the SEC certain information relating to citations or orders for violations of standards under the Mine Act. We present information below regarding certain mining safety and health violations, orders and citations, issued by MSHA and related assessments and legal actions and mine-related fatalities with respect to our active coal mining operations. In evaluating this information, consideration should be given to factors such as: (i) the number of violations, orders and citations will vary depending on the size of the coal mine, (ii) the number of violations, orders and citations issued will vary from inspector to inspector and mine to mine, and (iii) violations, orders and citations can be contested and appealed, and in that process, are often reduced in severity and amount, and are sometimes dismissed. The following tables include information required by the Dodd-Frank Act for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022. The mine data retrieval system maintained by MSHA may show information that is different than what is provided herein. Any such difference may be attributed to the need to update that information on MSHA s system and/or other factors. Mine or Operating Name / MSHA Identification Number Section 104(a) S S Citations (1) Section 104(b) Orders (2) Section 104(d) Citations and Orders (3) Section 110(b)(2) Violations (4) Section 107(a) Orders (5) Total Dollar Value of MSHA Assessments Proposed (in thousands) (6) Active Operations McCoy Elkhorn Mine #15 / 15-18775 0 0 0 0 0 442.0 McCoy Elkhorn Carnegie Mine / 15-19313 1 0 0 0 0 14.0 McCoy Elkhorn Carnegie 2 Mine / 15-19801 0 0 0 0 0 3.9 McCoy Elkhorn Bevins Branch Preparation Plant / 15-10445 5 0 0 0 0 3.3 Deane Mining Access Mine/ 15-19532 0 0 0 0 0 95.0 Deane Mining Mill Creek Preparation Plant / 15-16577 0 0 0 0 0 0.0 Deane Mining Razorblade / 15-19829 0 0 0 0 0 0.0 Perry County Resources / E4-2 15-19015 7 3 0 0 0 62.2 Perry County Resources Davidson Preparation Plant / 15-05485 0 0 0 0 0 18.8 Knott County Coal Wayland / 15-19402 0 0 0 0 0 0 Wyoming County Loadout / 46-05893 0 0 0 0 0 0.0 1 Mine or Operating Name / MSHA Identification Number Total Number of Mining Related Fatalities Received Notice of Pattern of Violations Under Section 104(e) (yes/no) (7) Legal Actions Pending as of Last Day of Period Legal Actions Initiated During Period Legal Actions Resolved During Period Active Operations McCoy Elkhorn Mine #15 / 15-18775 0 No 0 0 0 McCoy Elkhorn Carnegie Mine / 15-19313 0 No 0 0 0 McCoy Elkhorn Bevins Branch Preparation Plant / 15-10445 0 No 0 0 0 Deane Mining Access Mine / 15-19532 0 No 0 0 0 Deane Mining Mill Creek Preparation Plant / 15-16577 0 No 0 0 0 Deane Mining Razorblade / 15-19829 0 No 0 0 0 Perry County Resources E4-2 / 15-19402 0 No 0 0 0 Perry County Resources Davidson Preparation Plant / 15-05485 0 No 0 0 0 Knott County Coal Wayland / 15-19402 0 No 0 0 0 Wyoming County Loadout / 46-05893 The number of legal actions pending before the Federal Mine Safety and Health Review Commission as of December 31, 2022 that fall into each of the following categories is as follows: Mine or Operating Name / MSHA Identification Number Contests of Citations and Orders Contests of Proposed Penalties Complaints for Compensation Complaints of Discharge / Discrimination / Interference Applications for Temporary Relief Appeals of Judge s Ruling Active Operations McCoy Elkhorn Mine #15 / 15-18775 0 0 0 0 0 0 McCoy Elkhorn Carnegie Mine / 15-19313 0 0 0 0 0 0 McCoy Elkhorn Bevins Branch Preparation Plant / 15-10445 0 0 0 0 0 0 Deane Mining Access Mine / 15-19532 0 0 0 0 0 0 Deane Mining Mill Creek Preparation Plant / 15-16577 0 0 0 0 0 0 Deane Mining Razorblade / 15-19829 0 0 0 0 0 0 Perry County Resources E4-2/ 15-19402 0 0 0 0 0 0 Perry County Resources Davidson Preparation Plant / 15-05485 6 0 0 0 0 0 Knott County Coal Wayland / 15-19402 0 0 0 0 0 0 Wyoming County Loadout / 46-05893 0 0 0 0 0 0 _____________ (1) Mine Act section 104(a) S S citations shown above are for alleged violations of mandatory health or safety standards that could significantly and substantially contribute to a coal mine health and safety hazard. It should be noted that, for purposes of this table, S S citations that are included in another column, such as Section 104(d) citations, are not also included as Section 104(a) S S citations in this column. (2) Mine Act section 104(b) orders are for alleged failures to totally abate a citation within the time period specified in the citation. (3) Mine Act section 104(d) citations and orders are for an alleged unwarrantable failure (i.e., aggravated conduct constituting more than ordinary negligence) to comply with mandatory health or safety standards. (4) Mine Act section 110(b)(2) violations are for an alleged flagrant failure (i.e., reckless or repeated) to make reasonable efforts to eliminate a known violation of a mandatory safety or health standard that substantially and proximately caused, or reasonably could have been expected to cause, death or serious bodily injury. (5) Mine Act section 107(a) orders are for alleged conditions or practices which could reasonably be expected to cause death or serious physical harm before such condition or practice can be abated and result in orders of immediate withdrawal from the area of the mine affected by the condition. (6) Amounts shown include assessments proposed by MSHA during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 on all citations and orders, including those citations and orders that are not required to be included within the above chart. This number may differ from actual assessments paid to MSHA as the Company may contest any proposed penalty. (7) Mine Act section 104(e) written notices are for an alleged pattern of violations of mandatory health or safety standards that could significantly and substantially contribute to a coal mine safety or health hazard. 2 

</EX-95.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 arec-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 arec-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 arec-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 arec-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

