<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230217_10-K_edgar_data_753308_0000753308-23-000019.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>32188287</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>929939</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>8456373</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>10460352</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>6331896</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>5478394</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>17</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000753308-23-000019.hdr.sgml : 20230217
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230217162538
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000753308-23-000019
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		130
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230217
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230217

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NEXTERA ENERGY INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000753308
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRIC SERVICES [4911]
		IRS NUMBER:				592449419
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			FL
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-08841
		FILM NUMBER:		23642987

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		700 UNIVERSE BLVD
		CITY:			JUNO BEACH
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33408
		BUSINESS PHONE:		561-694-4697

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		P O BOX 14000
		CITY:			JUNO BEACH
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33408

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	FPL GROUP INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FLORIDA POWER & LIGHT CO
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000037634
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRIC SERVICES [4911]
		IRS NUMBER:				590247775
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			FL
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	002-27612
		FILM NUMBER:		23642988

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		700 UNIVERSE BLVD
		CITY:			JUNO BEACH
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33408
		BUSINESS PHONE:		561-694-4697

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		P O BOX 14000
		CITY:			JUNO BEACH
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33408

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000753308-23-000019.txt : 20230217

10-K
 1
 nee-20221231.htm
 10-K

nee-20221231 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended 
 
 OR 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from ________ to ________ 
 Commission File Number Exact name of registrants as specified in their charters, address of principal executive offices and registrants' telephone number IRS Employer Identification Number NEXTERA ENERGY, INC. FLORIDA POWER LIGHT COMPANY 
 
 , 
 ) 
 State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization : 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act : 
 Registrants Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered NextEra Energy, Inc. Florida Power Light Company None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrants are well-known seasoned issuers, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933. 
 
 NextEra Energy, Inc. No Florida Power Light Company No 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrants are not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 
 NextEra Energy, Inc. Yes Florida Power Light Company Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months, and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 
 NextEra Energy, Inc. No Florida Power Light Company No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrants have submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S T during the preceding 12 months. 
 
 NextEra Energy, Inc. No Florida Power Light Company No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrants are a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. 
 
 NextEra Energy, Inc. Accelerated Filer Non-Accelerated Filer Smaller Reporting Company Emerging Growth Company 
 Florida Power Light Company Large Accelerated Filer Accelerated Filer Smaller Reporting Company Emerging Growth Company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrants have elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether each registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrants are shell companies (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934). Yes No 
 
 Aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity of NextEra Energy, Inc. held by non-affiliates at June 30, 2022 (based on the closing market price on the Composite Tape on June 30, 2022) was . 
 
 There was no voting or non-voting common equity of Florida Power Light Company held by non-affiliates at June 30, 2022. 
 
 Number of shares of NextEra Energy, Inc. common stock, 0.01 par value, outstanding at January 31, 2023: 
 
 Number of shares of Florida Power Light Company common stock, without par value, outstanding at January 31, 2023, all of which were held, beneficially and of record, by NextEra Energy, Inc.: 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Table of Contents 

DEFINITIONS 
 
 Acronyms and defined terms used in the text include the following: 
 Term Meaning AFUDC equity 
 equity component of allowance for funds used during construction Bcf billion cubic feet CAISO California Independent System Operator capacity clause capacity cost recovery clause, as established by the FPSC DOE U.S. Department of Energy Duane Arnold Duane Arnold Energy Center environmental clause environmental cost recovery clause, as established by the FPSC EPA U.S. Environmental Protection Agency ERCOT Electric Reliability Council of Texas FERC U.S. Federal Energy Regulatory Commission Florida Southeast Connection Florida Southeast Connection, LLC, a wholly owned NextEra Energy Resources subsidiary FPL Florida Power Light Company FPSC Florida Public Service Commission fuel clause fuel and purchased power cost recovery clause, as established by the FPSC GAAP generally accepted accounting principles in the U.S. ISO independent system operator ISO-NE ISO New England Inc. ITC investment tax credit kW kilowatt kWh kilowatt-hour(s) Management's Discussion Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations MISO Midcontinent Independent System Operator MMBtu One million British thermal units mortgage mortgage and deed of trust dated as of January 1, 1944, from FPL to Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as supplemented and amended MW megawatt(s) MWh megawatt-hour(s) NEE NextEra Energy, Inc. NEECH NextEra Energy Capital Holdings, Inc. NEER an operating segment comprised of NextEra Energy Resources and NEET NEET NextEra Energy Transmission, LLC NEP NextEra Energy Partners, LP NEP OpCo NextEra Energy Operating Partners, LP NERC North American Electric Reliability Corporation net capacity net ownership interest in pipeline(s) capacity net generating capacity net ownership interest in plant(s) capacity net generation net ownership interest in plant(s) generation Note __ Note __ to consolidated financial statements NextEra Energy Resources NextEra Energy Resources, LLC NRC U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission NYISO New York Independent System Operator O M expenses other operations and maintenance expenses in the consolidated statements of income OEB Ontario Energy Board OTC over-the-counter OTTI other than temporary impairment PJM PJM Interconnection, LLC PMI NextEra Energy Marketing, LLC Point Beach Point Beach Nuclear Power Plant PPA purchased power agreement(s) PTC production tax credit PUCT Public Utility Commission of Texas regulatory ROE return on common equity as determined for regulatory purposes RPS renewable portfolio standards RTO regional transmission organization Sabal Trail Sabal Trail Transmission, LLC, an entity in which a NextEra Energy Resources subsidiary has a 42.5 ownership interest Seabrook Seabrook Station SEC U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission storm protection plan storm protection plan cost recovery clause, as established by the FPSC U.S. United States of America 
 
 NEE, FPL, NEECH, NextEra Energy Resources and NEET each has subsidiaries and affiliates with names that may include NextEra Energy, FPL, NextEra Energy Resources, NextEra Energy Transmission, NextEra, FPL Group, FPL Energy, FPLE, NEP and similar references. For convenience and simplicity, in this report the terms NEE, FPL, NEECH, NextEra Energy Resources, NEET and NEER are sometimes used as abbreviated references to specific subsidiaries, affiliates or groups of subsidiaries or affiliates. The precise meaning depends on the context. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page No. Definitions 
 2 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 3 
 PART I 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 4 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 21 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 33 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 33 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 33 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 33 
 PART II 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrants' Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 34 
 Item 6. 
 R e served 
 34 
 Item 7. 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 35 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 55 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 56 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 113 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 113 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 113 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 113 
 PART III 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 114 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 114 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 114 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 114 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Account ant Fees and Services 
 115 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 116 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 124 
 Signatures 
 125 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 This report includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Any statements that express, or involve discussions as to, expectations, beliefs, plans, objectives, assumptions, strategies, future events or performance (often, but not always, through the use of words or phrases such as may result, are expected to, will continue, is anticipated, believe, will, could, should, would, estimated, may, plan, potential, future, projection, goals, target, outlook, predict and intend or words of similar meaning) are not statements of historical facts and may be forward looking. Forward-looking statements involve estimates, assumptions and uncertainties. Accordingly, any such statements are qualified in their entirety by reference to, and are accompanied by, important factors included in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors (in addition to any assumptions and other factors referred to specifically in connection with such forward-looking statements) that could have a significant impact on NEE's and/or FPL's operations and financial results, and could cause NEE's and/or FPL's actual results to differ materially from those contained or implied in forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of NEE and/or FPL in this combined Form 10-K, in presentations, on their respective websites, in response to questions or otherwise. 
 
 Any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which such statement is made, and NEE and FPL undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances, including, but not limited to, unanticipated events, after the date on which such statement is made, unless otherwise required by law. New factors emerge from time to time and it is not possible for management to predict all of such factors, nor can it assess the impact of each such factor on the business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained or implied in any forward-looking statement. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

PART I 

Item 1. Business 

OVERVIEW 
 
 NEE is one of the largest electric power and energy infrastructure companies in North America and a leader in the renewable energy industry. NEE has two principal businesses, FPL and NEER. FPL is the largest electric utility in the state of Florida and one of the largest electric utilities in the U.S. FPL s strategic focus is centered on investing in generation, transmission and distribution facilities to deliver on its value proposition of low customer bills, high reliability, outstanding customer service and clean energy for the benefit of its approximately 5.8 million customer accounts. NEER is the world's largest generator of renewable energy from the wind and sun, as well as a world leader in battery storage. NEER s strategic focus is centered on the development, construction and operation of long-term contracted assets throughout the U.S. and Canada, primarily consisting of clean energy assets such as renewable generation facilities and battery storage projects, and electric transmission facilities. 
 
 In January 2019, NEE acquired Gulf Power Company, a rate-regulated electric utility engaged in the generation, transmission, distribution and sale of electric energy in northwest Florida. On January 1, 2021, FPL and Gulf Power Company merged, with FPL as the surviving entity. However, during 2021, FPL continued to be regulated as two separate ratemaking entities in the former service areas of FPL and Gulf Power Company. Effective January 1, 2022, FPL became regulated as one electric ratemaking entity with new unified rates and tariffs (see FPL FPL Regulation FPL Electric Rate Regulation Base Rates Base Rates Effective January 2022 through December 2025). 
 
 As described in more detail in the following sections, NEE seeks to create value in its two principal businesses by meeting its customers' needs more economically and more reliably than its competitors. NEE's strategy has resulted in profitable growth over sustained periods at both FPL and NEER. Management seeks to grow each business (see Note 15 Commitments) in a manner consistent with the varying opportunities available to it; however, management believes that the diversification and balance represented by FPL and NEER is a valuable characteristic of the enterprise and recognizes that each business contributes to NEE's financial strength in different ways. FPL and NEER share a common platform with the objective of lowering costs and creating efficiencies for their businesses. NEE and its subsidiaries, with employees totaling approximately 15,300 as of December 31, 2022, continue to develop and implement enterprise-wide initiatives focused on improving productivity, process effectiveness and quality. 
 
 On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act (IRA) was signed into law which, among other things, extends the period for wind and solar tax credits and expands the tax credits to support a broader range of renewable technologies. See NEER Clean Energy and Other Operations Clean Energy Policy Incentives for Renewable Energy Projects. NEE believes the IRA provides long-term visibility and supports the growth of its businesses. 
 
 As of January 1, 2022, NEE's segments for financial reporting purposes are FPL and NEER (see Note 16). NEECH, a wholly owned subsidiary of NEE, owns and provides funding for NEE's operating subsidiaries, other than FPL and its subsidiaries. NEP, an affiliate of NextEra Energy Resources, acquires, manages and owns contracted clean energy projects with stable, long-term cash flows. See NEER section below for further discussion of NEP. The following diagram depicts NEE's simplified ownership structure: 

4 

Table of Contents 

FPL 
 
 FPL is a rate-regulated electric utility engaged primarily in the generation, transmission, distribution and sale of electric energy in Florida. FPL is the largest electric utility in the state of Florida and one of the largest electric utilities in the U.S. At December 31, 2022, FPL had approximately 32,100 MW of net generating capacity, approximately 88,000 circuit miles of transmission and distribution lines and 871 substations. FPL provides service to its electric customers through an integrated transmission and distribution system that links its generation facilities to its customers. FPL also owns a retail gas business, which serves approximately 119,000 residential and commercial natural gas customers in eight counties throughout southern Florida with 3,795 miles of natural gas distribution pipelines. 
 
 FPL serves more than 12 million people through approximately 5.8 million customer accounts. The following map shows FPL's service areas and plant locations as of February 17, 2023, which cover most of the east and lower west coasts of Florida and are in nine counties throughout northwest Florida (see FPL Sources of Generation below). 

5 

Table of Contents 

CUSTOMERS AND REVENUE 
 
 FPL's primary source of operating revenues is from its retail customer base; it also serves a limited number of wholesale customers within Florida. The percentage of FPL's operating revenues and customer accounts (as of December 31, 2022) by customer class were as follows: 

For both retail and wholesale customers, the prices (or rates) that FPL may charge are approved by regulatory bodies, by the FPSC in the case of retail customers and by the FERC in the case of wholesale customers. In general, under U.S. and Florida law, regulated rates are intended to cover the cost of providing service, including a reasonable rate of return on invested capital. Since the regulatory bodies have authority to determine the relevant cost of providing service and the appropriate rate of return on capital employed, there can be no guarantee that FPL will be able to earn any particular rate of return or recover all of its costs through regulated rates. See FPL Regulation below. 
 
 FPL seeks to maintain attractive rates for its customers. Since rates are largely cost-based, maintaining low rates requires a strategy focused on developing and maintaining a low-cost position, including the implementation of ideas generated from cost savings initiatives. 
 
 FRANCHISE AGREEMENTS AND COMPETITION 
 
 FPL's service to its electric retail customers is provided primarily under franchise agreements negotiated with municipalities or counties. During the term of a franchise agreement, which is typically 30 years, the municipality or county agrees not to form its own utility, and FPL has the right to offer electric service to residents. At December 31, 2022, FPL held 225 franchise agreements with various municipalities and counties in Florida with varying expiration dates through 2052. These franchise agreements cover the vast majority of FPL's retail customer base in Florida. At December 31, 2022, FPL also provided service to customers in 11 other municipalities and to 27 unincorporated areas within its service area without franchise agreements pursuant to the general obligation to serve as a public utility. FPL relies upon Florida law for access to public rights of way. 
 
 Because any customer may elect to provide their own electric services, FPL effectively must compete for an individual customer's business. As a practical matter, few customers provide their own service at the present time since FPL's cost of service is lower than the cost of self-generation for the vast majority of customers. Changing technology (particularly increasing efficiency of solar power generation), tax incentives, economic conditions, regulatory changes, increasing cost-competitiveness of rooftop solar and batteries and other factors could alter the favorable relative cost position that FPL currently enjoys; however, FPL seeks as a matter of strategy to ensure that it delivers superior value, in the form of comparatively low customer bills, high reliability, outstanding customer service and clean energy. 
 
 In addition to self-generation by residential, commercial and industrial customers, FPL also faces competition from other suppliers of electrical energy to wholesale and industrial customers and from alternative energy sources. In 2022, 2021 and 2020, operating revenues from wholesale and ind ustrial electric customers combined represented approximately 7 , 6 and 5 , respectively, of FPL's total operating revenues. 
 
 For the building of new steam and solar generating capacity of 75 MW or greater, the FPSC requires investor-owned electric utilities, including FPL, to issue a request for proposal (RFP) except when the FPSC determines that an exception from the RFP process is in the public interest. The RFP process allows independent power producers and others to bid to supply the new generating capacity. If a bidder has the most cost-effective alternative, meets other criteria such as financial viability and demonstrates adequate expertise and experience in building and/or operating generating capacity of the type proposed, the investor-owned electric utility would seek to negotiate a PPA with the selected bidder and request that the FPSC approve the 
 6 

Table of Contents 

terms of the PPA and, if appropriate, provide the required authorization for the construction of the bidder's generating capacity. 
 
 FPL SOURCES OF GENERATION 
 
 At December 31, 2022, FPL's resources for serving load consisted of approximately 33,195 MW of net generating capacity, of which 32,066 MW were from FPL-owned facilities and 1,129 MW were available through PPAs. FPL owned and operated 44 units with generating capacity of 24,236 MW that primarily use natural gas and 50 solar generation facilities with generating capacity totaling 3,611 MW. In addition, FPL owned, or had undivided interests in, and operated 4 nuclear units with net generating capacity totaling 3,502 MW (see Nuclear Operations below) and had joint ownership interests in 3 coal units located in Mississippi and Georgia it did not operate with net generating capacity totaling 717 MW. FPL intends to retire its share of 2 of these coal units in 2024 and together with a joint owner retire the remaining unit in 2028. See Note 7 Jointly-Owned Electric Plants regarding the retirement of these plants. FPL also develops and constructs battery storage projects, which when combined with its solar projects, serve to enhance its ability to meet customer needs for a nearly firm generation source. At December 31, 2022, FPL had 469 MW of battery storage capacity that delivers energy to the transmission system. FPL customer usage and operating revenues are typically higher during the summer months, largely due to the prevalent use of air conditioning in its service area. Occasionally, unusually cold temperatures during the winter months result in significant increases in electricity usage for short periods of time. 
 
 Through 2025, FPL plans to add new solar generation with cost recovery mechanisms through base rates, a Solar Base Rate Adjustment (SoBRA) and SolarTogether TM (a voluntary community solar program that gives FPL electric customers an opportunity to participate directly in the expansion of solar energy where participants pay a fixed monthly subscription charge and receive credits on their related monthly customer bill). FPL placed 745 MW of solar generating capacity in service in January 2023 and is currently in the process of constructing an additional 447 MW and 1,639 MW of solar generating capacity, which is expected to be placed in service by mid-2023 and in 2024, respectively (see FPL Regulation FPL Electric Rate Regulation Base Rates Base Rates Effective January 2022 through December 2025 below). 
 
 Fuel Sources 
 
 FPL relies upon a mix of fuel sources for its generation facilities, the ability of some of its generation facilities to operate on both natural gas and low sulfur diesel, and on purchased power to maintain the flexibility to achieve a more economical fuel mix in order to respond to market and industry developments. See discussion of planned solar generation additions above. 

approximately 66 has dual fuel capability 
 
 Significant Fuel and Transportation Contracts. At December 31, 2022, FPL had the following significant fuel and transportation contracts in place: 
 
 firm transportation contracts with nine different transportation suppliers for natural gas pipeline capacity for an aggregate maximum delivery quantity of 2,966,000 MMBtu/day with expiration dates through 2042 (see Note 15 Contracts); 
 several contracts for the supply of uranium and the conversion, enrichment and fabrication of nuclear fuel with expiration dates through 2037; and 
 short- and medium-term natural gas supply contracts to provide a portion of FPL's anticipated needs for natural gas, with the remainder of FPL's natural gas requirements being purchased in the spot market. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

Nuclear Operations 
 
 At December 31, 2022, FPL owned, or had undivided interests in, and operated the four nuclear units in Florida discussed below. FPL's nuclear units are periodically removed from service to accommodate planned refueling and maintenance outages, including inspections, repairs and certain other modifications. Scheduled nuclear refueling outages require the unit to be removed from service for variable lengths of time. 
 Facility Net Generating Capacity (MW) Beginning of Next Scheduled Refueling Outage Operating License Expiration Date St. Lucie Unit No. 1 981 March 2024 2036 (a) 
 St. Lucie Unit No. 2 840 (b) 
 February 2023 2043 (a) 
 Turkey Point Unit No. 3 837 April 2023 2032 (c) 
 Turkey Point Unit No. 4 844 September 2023 2033 (c) 
 
 ______________________ 
 (a) In 2021, FPL filed an application with the NRC to renew both St. Lucie operating licenses for an additional 20 years. License renewals are pending. 
 (b) Excludes 147 MW operated by FPL but owned by non-affiliates. 
 (c) In 2022, FPL filed a site-specific environmental impact statement with the NRC related to the previously approved 20-year renewal application for both Turkey Point operating licenses. Approval of the additional 20 years of operations is pending. 
 
 NRC regulations require FPL to submit a plan for decontamination and decommissioning five years before the projected end of plant operation. If the license renewals are approved by the NRC, FPL's plans provide for St. Lucie Unit No. 1 to be shut down in 2056 with decommissioning activities to be integrated with the dismantlement of St. Lucie Unit No. 2 commencing in 2063. If the NRC approves an additional 20 years of operations, FPL's plans provide for the dismantlement of Turkey Point Units Nos. 3 and 4 with decommissioning activities commencing in 2052 and 2053, respectively. 
 
 FPL's nuclear facilities use both on-site storage pools and dry storage casks to store spent nuclear fuel generated by these facilities, which are expected to provide sufficient storage of spent nuclear fuel that is generated at these facilities through license expiration, as well as through any pending license extensions. 
 
 FPL ENERGY MARKETING AND TRADING 
 
 FPL's Energy Marketing Trading division (EMT) buys and sells wholesale energy commodities, such as natural gas, low sulfur diesel, electricity and renewable energy credits (RECs) from certain FPL solar generation assets. EMT procures natural gas and low sulfur diesel for FPL's use in power generation and sells excess natural gas, low sulfur diesel and electricity. EMT also uses derivative instruments (primarily swaps, options and forwards) to manage the physical and financial risks inherent in the purchase and sale of fuel and electricity. Substantially all of the results of EMT's activities are passed through to customers in the fuel or capacity clauses. See Management's Discussion Energy Marketing and Trading and Market Risk Sensitivity and Note 3. 
 
 FPL REGULATION 
 
 FPL's operations are subject to regulation by a number of federal, state and other organizations, including, but not limited to, the following: 
 
 the FPSC, which has jurisdiction over retail rates, service area, issuances of securities, and planning, siting and construction of facilities, among other things; 
 the FERC, which oversees the acquisition and disposition of electric generation, transmission and other facilities, transmission of electricity and natural gas in interstate commerce, proposals to build and operate interstate natural gas pipelines and storage facilities, and wholesale purchases and sales of electric energy, among other things; 
 the NERC, which, through its regional entities, establishes and enforces mandatory reliability standards, subject to approval by the FERC, to ensure the reliability of the U.S. electric transmission and generation system and to prevent major system blackouts; 
 the NRC, which has jurisdiction over the operation of nuclear power plants through the issuance of operating licenses, rules, regulations and orders; and 
 the EPA, which has the responsibility to maintain and enforce national standards under a variety of environmental laws, in some cases delegating authority to state agencies. The EPA also works with industries and all levels of government, including federal and state governments, in a wide variety of voluntary pollution prevention programs and energy conservation efforts. 
 
 8 

Table of Contents 

FPL Electric Rate Regulation 
 
 The FPSC sets rates at a level that is intended to allow the utility the opportunity to collect from retail customers total revenues (revenue requirements) equal to its cost of providing service, including a reasonable rate of return on invested capital. To accomplish this, the FPSC uses various ratemaking mechanisms, including, among other things, base rates and cost recovery clauses. Although FPL and Gulf Power Company merged effective January 1, 2021, FPL continued to be regulated as two separate rate making entities until January 1, 2022 when new unified rates and tariffs became effective for the combined utility system (including the former Gulf Power Company service area). See Base Rates Effective January 2022 through December 2025 below. 
 
 Base Rates . In general, the basic costs of providing electric service, other than fuel and certain other costs, are recovered through base rates, which are designed to recover the costs of constructing, operating and maintaining the utility system. These basic costs include O M expenses, depreciation and taxes, as well as a return on investment in assets used and useful in providing electric service (rate base). At the time base rates are established, the allowed rate of return on rate base approximates the FPSC's determination of the utility's estimated weighted-average cost of capital, which includes its costs for outstanding debt and an allowed return on common equity. The FPSC monitors the utility's actual regulatory ROE through a surveillance report that is filed monthly with the FPSC. The FPSC does not provide assurance that any regulatory ROE will be achieved. Base rates are determined in rate proceedings o r through negotiated settlements of those proceedings. Proceedings can occur at the initiative of the utility or upon action by the FPSC. Existing base rates remain in effect until new base rates are approved by the FPSC. 
 
 Base Rates Effective January 2022 through December 2025 In December 2021, the FPSC issued a final order approving a stipulation and settlement between FPL and several intervenors in FPL's base rate proceeding (2021 rate agreement). 
 
 Key elements of the 2021 rate agreement, which is effective from January 2022 through at least December 2025, include, among other things, the following: 
 New retail base rates and charges were established for the combined utility system (including the former Gulf Power Company service area) resulting in the following increases in annualized retail base revenues: 
 692 million beginning January 1, 2022, and 
 560 million beginning January 1, 2023. 
 In addition, FPL is eligible to receive, subject to conditions specified in the 2021 rate agreement, base rate increases associated with the addition of up to 894 MW annually of new solar generation through the SoBRA mechanism in each of 2024 and 2025, and may carry forward any unused MW in 2024 to 2025. FPL has agreed to an installed cost cap of 1,250 per kW and will be required to demonstrate that these proposed solar facilities are cost effective. 
 FPL's authorized regulatory ROE was 10.60 , with a range of 9.70 to 11.70 . However, in the event the average 30-year U.S. Treasury rate was 2.49 or greater over a consecutive six-month period, FPL was authorized to increase the regulatory ROE to 10.80 with a range of 9.80 to 11.80 . During August 2022, this provision was triggered and effective September 1, 2022, FPL's authorized regulatory ROE and ROE range were increased. The revised authorized regulatory ROE will have only a minimal impact to base rates. If FPL's earned regulatory ROE falls below 9.80 , FPL may seek retail base rate relief. If the earned regulatory ROE rises above 11.80 , any party with standing may seek a review of FPL's retail base rates. 
 Subject to certain conditions, FPL may amortize, over the term of the 2021 rate agreement, up to 1.45 billion of depreciation reserve surplus, provided that in any year of the 2021 rate agreement FPL must amortize at least enough reserve amount to maintain its minimum authorized regulatory ROE and also may not amortize any reserve amount that would result in an earned regulatory ROE in excess of its maximum authorized regulatory ROE. 
 FPL is authorized to expand SolarTogether by constructing an additional 1,788 MW of solar generation from 2022 through 2025, such that the total capacity of SolarTogether would be 3,278 MW. 
 Future storm restoration costs would be recoverable on an interim basis beginning 60 days from the filing of a cost recovery petition, but capped at an amount that produces a surcharge of no more than 4 for every 1,000 kWh of usage on residential bills during the first 12 months of cost recovery. Any additional costs would be eligible for recovery in subsequent years. If storm restoration costs exceed 800 million in any given calendar year, FPL may request an increase to the 4 surcharge. See Note 1 Storm Funds, Storm Reserves and Storm Cost Recovery. 
 If federal or state permanent corporate income tax changes become effective during the term of the 2021 rate agreement, FPL will prospectively adjust base rates after a review by the FPSC. As a result of the enactment of the IRA (see NEER Clean Energy and Other Operations Clean Energy Policy Incentives for Renewable Energy Projects and Note 5), FPL's customers are expected to save approximately 400 million over the remaining term of the 2021 rate agreement which includes a 36 million one-time refund made in January 2023. 
 
 On February 8, 2023, the Florida Supreme Court heard oral argument on the appeal of the FPSC's final order regarding the 2021 rate agreement by Floridians Against Increased Rates, Inc. and, as a group, Florida Rising, Inc., Environmental Confederation of Southwest Florida, Inc. and League of United Latin American Citizens of Florida. A ruling by the Florida Supreme Court is pending. See Note 1 Rate Regulation. 
 
 Base Rates Effective January 2017 through December 2021 From January 2017 to December 2021, FPL operated under a base rate agreement (2016 rate agreement) that provided for, among other things, a regulatory ROE of 10.55 , with a range of 9.60 to 11.60 and, subject to certain conditions, the right to reduce depreciation expense up to 1.25 billion (reserve), 
 9 

Table of Contents 

provided that in any year of the 2016 rate agreement FPL was required to amortize enough reserve to maintain an earned regulatory ROE within the range of 9.60 to 11.60 . 
 
 Cost Recovery Clauses . Cost recovery clauses are designed to permit full recovery of certain costs and provide a return on certain assets allowed to be recovered through these clauses. Cost recovery clause costs are recovered through levelized monthly charges per kWh or kW, depending on the customer's rate class. These cost recovery clause charges are calculated annually based on estimated costs and estimated customer usage for the following year, plus or minus true-up adjustments to reflect the estimated over or under recovery of costs for the current and prior periods. An adjustment to the levelized charges may be approved during the course of a year to reflect revised estimates. FPL recovers costs from customers through the following clauses: 
 
 Fuel primarily fuel costs, the most significant of the cost recovery clauses in terms of operating revenues (see Note 1 Rate Regulation); 
 Storm Protection Plan costs associated with an FPSC-approved transmission and distribution storm protection plan, which includes costs for hardening of overhead transmission and distribution lines, undergrounding of certain distribution lines and vegetation management; 
 Capacity primarily certain costs associated with the acquisition of several electric generation facilities (see Note 1 Rate Regulation) and capacity payments related to PPAs; 
 Energy Conservatio n costs associated with implementing energy conservation programs; and 
 Environmental certain costs of complying with federal, state and local environmental regulations enacted after April 1993 and costs associated with certain of FPL's solar facilities placed in service prior to 2016. 
 
 The FPSC has the authority to disallow recovery of costs that it considers excessive or imprudently incurred. These costs may include, among others, fuel and O M expenses, the cost of replacing power lost when generation units are unavailable, storm restoration costs and costs associated with the construction or acquisition of new facilities. 
 
 FERC 
 
 The Federal Power Act grants the FERC exclusive ratemaking jurisdiction over wholesale sales of electricity and the transmission of electricity and natural gas in interstate commerce. Pursuant to the Federal Power Act, electric utilities must file for FERC acceptance and maintain tariffs and rate schedules which govern the rates, terms and conditions for the provision of FERC-jurisdictional wholesale power and transmission services. Wholesale power sales tariffs on file at FERC may authorize sales at cost-based rates or, where the seller lacks market power, at market-based rates. The Federal Power Act also gives the FERC authority to certify and oversee an electric reliability organization with authority to establish and independently enforce mandatory reliability standards applicable to all users, owners and operators of the bulk-power system. See NERC below. Electric utilities are subject to accounting, record-keeping and reporting requirements administered by the FERC. The FERC also places certain limitations on transactions between electric utilities and their affiliates. 
 
 NERC 
 
 The NERC has been certified by the FERC as an electric reliability organization. The NERC's mandate is to ensure the reliability and security of the North American bulk-power system through the establishment and enforcement of reliability standards approved by FERC. The NERC's regional entities also enforce reliability standards approved by the FERC. FPL is subject to these reliability standards and incurs costs to ensure compliance with continually heightened requirements, and can incur significant penalties for failing to comply with them. 
 
 FPL Environmental Regulation 
 
 FPL is subject to environmental laws and regulations as described in the NEE Environmental Matters section below. FPL expects to seek recovery through the environmental clause for compliance costs associated with any new environmental laws and regulations. 
 
 FPL HUMAN CAPITAL 
 
 FPL had approximately 9,300 employees at December 31, 2022, with approximately 31 of these employees represented by the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers (IBEW). The collective bargaining agreements have approximately two- to three-year terms and expire between April 2024 and January 2025. 

10 

Table of Contents 

NEER 
 
 NEER, comprised of NEE's competitive energy and rate-regulated transmission businesses, is a diversified clean energy business with a strategy that emphasizes the development, construction and operation of long-term contracted assets with a focus on clean energy. NEE reports NextEra Energy Resources and NEET, a rate-regulated transmission business, on a combined basis for segment reporting purposes, and the combined segment is referred to as NEER. The NEER segment currently owns, develops, constructs, manages and operates electric generation facilities in wholesale energy markets in the U.S. a nd Canada and also includes assets and investments in other businesses with a clean energy focus, such as battery storage and renewable fuels. NEER, with appr oximately 27,400 MW of total net generating capacity at December 31, 2022, is one of the largest wholesale generators of electric power in the U.S., including approximately 26,890 MW of net generating capacity across 40 states and 520 MW of net generating capacity in 4 Canadian provinces. At December 31, 2022 , NEER operates facilities, in which it has partial or full ownership interests, with a total generating capacity of approximately 33,800 MW. NEER produces the majority of its electricity from clean and renewable sources as described more fully below. In addition, NEER develops and constructs battery storage projects, which when combined with its renewable projects, serve to enhance its ability to meet customer needs for a nearly firm generation source, or as standalone facilities. NEER is the world's largest generator of renewable energy from the wind and sun based on 2022 MWh produced on a net generation basis, as well as a world leader in battery storage. The NEER segment also owns, develops, constructs and operates rate-regulated transmission facilities in North America. At December 31, 2022, NEER's rate-regulated transmission facilities and the transmission lines that connect its electric generation facilities to the electric grid are comprised of approximately 290 substations and 3,420 circuit miles of transmission lines. 
 
 NEER also engages in energy-related commodity marketing and trading activities, including entering into financial and physical contracts. These contracts primarily include power and fuel commodities and their related products for the purpose of providing full energy and capacity requirements services, primarily to distribution utilities in certain markets, and offering customized power and fuel and related risk management services to wholesale customers, as well as to hedge the production from NEER's generation assets that is not sold under long-term power supply agreements. In addition, NEER participates in natural gas, natural gas liquids and oil production through operating and non-operating ownership interests, and in pipeline infrastructure construction, management and operations, through either wholly owned subsidiaries or noncontrolling or joint venture interests, hereafter referred to as the gas infrastructure business. NEER also hedges the expected output from its gas infrastructure production assets to protect against price movements. 
 
 NEP NEP acquires, manages and owns contracted clean energy projects with stable long-term cash flows through a limited partner interest in NEP OpCo. NEP's projects include energy projects contributed by or acquired from NextEra Energy Resources, or acquired from third parties, as well as ownership interests in contracted natural gas pipelines acquired from third parties. NEP from time to time also invests to repower or expand certain of its assets. NextEra Energy Resources' indirect limited partnership interest in NEP OpCo based on the number of outstanding NEP OpCo common units was approximately 53.8 at December 31, 2022. NextEra Energy Resources accounts for its ownership interest in NEP as an equity method investment with its earnings/losses from NEP as equity in earnings (losses) of equity method investees and accounts for its project sales to NEP as third-party sales in its consolidated financial statements. See Note 1 Basis of Presentation. At December 31, 2022, NEP owned, or had a partial ownership interest in, a portfolio of wind, solar and solar plus battery storage projects with energy project capacity totaling approximately 9,345 MW and contracted natural gas pipelines, all located in the U.S. as further discussed in Clean Energy and Other Operations. NextEra Energy Resources operates essentially all of the energy projects in NEP's portfolio and its ownership interest in the portfolio's capacity was approximately 4,289 MW at December 31, 2022. 
 
 CLEAN ENERGY AND OTHER OPERATIONS 
 
 NEER sells products associated with its generation facilities (energy, capacity, RECs and ancillary services) in competitive markets in regions where those facilities are located. Customer transactions may be supplied from NEER generation facilities or from purchases in the wholesale markets, or from a combination thereof. See Markets and Competition below. 

11 

Table of Contents 

NEER's generation and battery storage projects, natural gas pipelines and transmission facilities (including noncontrolling or joint venture interests) at December 31, 2022 are as follows: 

12 

Table of Contents 

Clean Energy 

Primarily natural gas 
 Generation Assets 
 
 NEER's portfolio of generation assets primarily consists of generation facilities with long-term power sales agreements for substantially all of their capacity and/or energy output. Information related to contracted generation assets at December 31, 2022 was as follows: 
 represented approximately 25,534 MW of total net generating capacity; 
 weighted-average remaining contract term of the power sales agreements, including the remaining life of the PTCs associated with repowered wind facilities, of approximately 15 years, based on forecasted contributions to earnings and forecasted amounts of electricity produced by the repowered wind facilities; and 
 several contracts for the supply of uranium and the conversion, enrichment and fabrication of nuclear fuel for all nuclear units with expiration dates through 2033 (see Note 15 Contracts). 
 
 13 

Table of Contents 

NEER's merchant generation assets primarily consist of generation facilities that do not have long-term power sales agreements to sell their capacity and/or energy output and therefore require active marketing and hedging. Merchant generation assets at December 31, 2022 represented approximately 1,878 MW of total net generating capacity, including 840 MW from nuclear generation and 1,032 MW from other peak generation facilities, and are primarily located in the Northeast region of the U.S. NEER utilizes swaps, options, futures and forwards to lock in pricing and manage the commodity price risk inherent in power sales and fuel purchases. 
 
 NEER Generation Assets Fuel/Technology Mix 
 
 NextEra Energy Resources utilized the following mix of fuel sources for generation facilities in which it has an ownership interest: 

Primarily natural gas 
 
 Wind Facilities 
 
 located in 22 states in the U.S. and 4 provinces in Canada; 
 operated a total generating capacity of 23,380 MW at December 31, 2022; 
 ownership interests in a total net generating capacity of 18,891 MW at December 31, 2022; 
 essentially all MW are from contracted wind assets located primarily throughout Texas and the West and Midwest regions of the U.S. and Canada; 
 added approximately 2,850 MW of new generating capacity and r epowered wind generating capacity totaling 239 MW in the U.S. in 2022 and sold assets to NEP totaling approximately 431 MW (see Note 1 Disposal of Businesses/Assets and Sale of Noncontrolling Ownership Interests ). 
 
 Solar Facilities 
 
 located in 30 states in the U.S.; 
 operated photovoltaic and solar thermal facilities with a total generating capacity of 5,407 MW at December 31, 2022; 
 ownership interests in solar facilities with a total net generating capacity of 3,924 MW at December 31, 2022; 
 essentially all MW are from contracted solar facilities located primarily throughout the West and South regions of the U.S.; 
 added approximately 887 MW of generating capacity in the U.S. in 2022 and sold assets to NEP and third parties totaling approximately 338 MW (see Note 1 Disposal of Businesses/Assets and Sale of Noncontrolling Ownership Interests ). 
 
 Nuclear Facilities 
 
 At December 31, 2022, NextEra Energy Resources was the sole owner of the two Point Beach nuclear units shown in the table below and was the largest joint owner of the Seabrook nuclear facility shown in the table below. NEER's nuclear units are periodically removed from service to accommodate planned refueling and maintenance outages, including inspections, repairs and certain other modifications. Scheduled nuclear refueling outages require the unit to be removed from service for variable lengths of time. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

Facility Location Net Generating Capacity (MW) Portfolio Category Beginning of Next Scheduled Refueling Outage Operating License Expiration Date Seabrook New Hampshire 1,102 (a) 
 Merchant (b) 
 April 2023 2050 Point Beach Unit No. 1 Wisconsin 595 Contracted (c) 
 October 2023 2030 (d) 
 Point Beach Unit No. 2 Wisconsin 595 Contracted (c) 
 March 2023 2033 (d) 
 
 ______________________ 
 (a) Excludes 147 MW operated by NEER but owned by non-affiliates. 
 (b) Includes 262 MW sold under a long-term contract. 
 (c) NEER sells all of the output of Point Beach Units Nos. 1 and 2 under long-term contracts through their current operating license expiration dates. 
 (d) In 2020, NEER filed an application with the NRC to renew both Point Beach operating licenses for an additional 20 years. License renewals are pending. 
 
 NEER is responsible for all nuclear unit operations and the ultimate decommissioning of the nuclear units, the cost of which is shared on a pro-rata basis by the joint owners with respect to the Seabrook unit. NRC regulations require plant owners to submit a plan for decontamination and decommissioning five years before the projected end of plant operation. NEER's nuclear facilities use both on-site storage pools and dry storage casks to store spent nuclear fuel generated by these facilities, which, based on existing regulations, are expected to provide sufficient storage of spent nuclear fuel that is generated at these facilities through current license expiration, as well as through any pending license extensions. 
 
 NEER also maintains an approximately 70 interest in Duane Arnold, a nuclear facility located in Iowa that ceased operations in August 2020. NEER submitted a site-specific cost estimate and plan for decontamination and decommissioning to the NRC. All spent nuclear fuel housed onsite is in long-term dry storage until the DOE is able to take possession. NEER estimates that the cost of decommissioning Duane Arnold is fully funded and expects completion by approximately 2080. 
 
 Other Clean Energy 
 
 NEER's portfolio also includes assets and investments in other businesses with a clean energy focus, such as battery storage and renewable fuels. At December 31, 2022, NEER had net ownership interests in approximately 1,208 MW of battery storage capacity. In October 2022, a wholly owned subsidiary of NextEra Energy Resources entered into several agreements to acquire 100 of a portfolio of renewable energy projects from the owners of Energy Power Partners Fund I, L.P. and North American Sustainable Energy Fund, L.P. The portfolio primarily consists of 31 biogas projects, one of which is an operating renewable natural gas facility and the others of which are primarily operating landfill gas-to-electric facilities. The acquisition is expected to close in early 2023, subject to receipt of required regulatory approvals including approvals from the FERC. See Note 6 RNG Acquisition. 
 
 Policy Incentives for Renewable Energy Projects 
 
 U.S. federal, state and local governments have established various incentives to support the development of renewable energy projects. These incentives include accelerated tax depreciation, PTCs, ITCs, cash grants, tax abatements and RPS programs. Pursuant to the U.S. federal Modified Accelerated Cost Recovery System, wind and solar generation facilities are depreciated for tax purposes over a five-year period even though the useful life of such facilities is generally much longer than five years. 
 
 Owners of wind and solar facilities are eligible to claim an income tax credit (the PTC, or an ITC in lieu of the PTC) upon initially achieving commercial operation. This incentive was created under the Energy Policy Act of 1992 and has been extended several times for wind (the previous PTC for solar expired in 2006). The IRA expanded the PTC to include solar generation facilities and extended the 100 PTC and the 30 ITC to wind and solar generation facilities that start construction before the later of 2034 or the end of the calendar year following the year in which greenhouse gas emissions from U.S. electric generation are reduced by 75 from 2022 levels. Accordingly, owners of wind and solar generation facilities placed in service in 2022 or later are eligible to claim a PTC (or an ITC in lieu of the PTC) upon initially achieving commercial operation. The PTC is determined based on the amount of electricity produced by the facility during the first ten years of commercial operation. Alternatively, an ITC equal to 30 of the cost of the facility may be claimed in lieu of the PTC. A facility must also meet certain labor requirements to qualify for the 100 PTC or 30 ITC rate or construction must have started on the facility before January 29, 2023. In addition, the PTC is increased by 10 and the ITC rate is increased by 10 percentage points for facilities that satisfy certain tax credit enhancement requirements. Retrofitted wind and solar generation facilities may qualify for a PTC or an ITC if the cost basis of the new investment is at least 80 of the retrofitted facility s total fair value. 
 
 In addition, the IRA expanded the 30 ITC to include storage projects placed in service after 2022 (previously, such projects qualified only if they were connected to and charged by a renewable generation facility that claimed the ITC) as well as renewable natural gas facilities that are placed in service after 2022 and begin construction before 2025. The IRA created a PTC of 3/kilogram of green (low emission) hydrogen produced at a facility after 2022 and during the first ten years of commercial operation (or a 30 ITC in lieu of the PTC), provided that construction of the facility begins before 2033. These credits are also subject to certain other requirements. In addition, storage projects and hydrogen facilities claiming an ITC are eligible for a 10 percentage point increase in the ITC rate if the facilities satisfy certain tax credit enhancement requirements. A wind or solar 
 15 

Table of Contents 

project that provides electricity to a green hydrogen facility may qualify for the PTC or ITC and the hydrogen facility may separately qualify for its own PTC or ITC. 
 
 For taxable years beginning after 2022, renewable energy tax credits generated during the taxable year can be transferred to an unrelated transferee. 
 
 Other countries, including Canada, provide for incentives like feed-in-tariffs for renewable energy projects. The feed-in-tariffs promote renewable energy investments by offering long-term contracts to renewable energy producers, typically based on the cost of generation of each technology. 
 
 Other Operations 
 
 Gas Infrastructure Business At December 31, 2022, NextEra Energy Resources had ownership interests in natural gas pipelines, the most significant of which are discussed below, and in oil and gas shale formations located primarily in the Midwest and South regions of the U.S. 
 Miles of Pipeline Pipeline Location/Route Ownership Total Net Capacity (per day) In-Service Dates Texas Pipelines (a) 
 386 South Texas 51.8 (b) 
 1.92 Bcf 1960s 2015 
 Sabal Trail (c) 
 517 Southwestern Alabama to Central Florida 42.5 0.43 Bcf June 2017 May 2020 
 Florida Southeast Connection (c) 
 169 Central Florida to South Florida 100 0.64 Bcf June 2017 Central Penn Line (d) 
 191 Northeastern Pennsylvania to Southeastern Pennsylvania 21.0 (b) 
 0.39 Bcf 
 October 2018 October 2021 
 
 ______________________ 
 (a) A NEP portfolio of six natural gas pipelines, of which a third party owns a 10 interest in a 120-mile pipeline with a daily capacity of approximately 2.3 Bcf. Approximately 1.54 Bcf per day of net capacity is contracted with firm ship-or-pay contracts that have expiration dates ranging from 2023 to 2035. 
 (b) Ownership percentage based on NextEra Energy Resources limited partnership interest in NEP OpCo common units. 
 (c) See Note 15 Contracts for a discussion of transportation contracts with FPL. 
 (d) NEP has an indirect equity method investment in the Central Penn Line (CPL) which represents an approximately 39 aggregate ownership interest in the CPL. 
 
 NEER also has a 32.2 ownership interest in a 303-mile natural gas pipeline that is under construction in West Virginia and Virginia. Completion of construction of the natural gas pipeline is subject to certain conditions, including applicable regulatory approvals and the resolution of legal challenges. See Note 4 Nonrecurring Fair Value Measurements for a discussion of impairment charges in the first quarter of 2022 and in 2020 and Note 15 Contracts for a discussion of a transportation contract with a NextEra Energy Resources subsidiary. 
 
 Rate-Regulated Transmission At December 31, 2022, certain entities within the NEER segment had ownership interests in rate-regulated transmission facilities, the most significant of which are discussed below, which are located primarily in ERCOT, CAISO, Southwest Power Pool (SPP), Independent Electricity System Operator (IESO) and NYISO jurisdictions. 
 Miles Substations Kilovolt Location Rate Regulator Ownership In-Service Dates Lone Star 352 10 345 Texas PUCT 100 2013 Trans Bay Cable 53 2 200 DC (a) 
 California FERC 100 2010 GridLiance (b) 
 685 26 69 230 
 Illinois, Kansas, Kentucky, Missouri, Nevada and Oklahoma FERC 100 (b) 
 1960 2021 
 NextBridge Infrastructure 280 - 230 Ontario, Canada OEB 50 March 2022 NEET New York 20 2 345 New York FERC 100 December 2021 July-2022 
 
 ______________________ 
 (a) Direct current 
 (b) Comprised of three FERC-regulated transmission utilities; the assets of which are owned 100 except for a 26-mile transmission line and 5 substations, of which NEET owns a 65 interest. 
 
 Customer Supply and Proprietary Power and Gas Trading NEER provides commodities-related products to customers, engages in energy-related commodity marketing and trading activities and includes the operations of a retail electricity provider. Through NextEra Energy Resources subsidiary PMI, NEER: 
 manages risk associated with fluctuating commodity prices and optimizes the value of NEER's power generation and gas infrastructure production assets through the use of swaps, options, futures and forwards; 
 sells output from NEER's plants that is not sold under long-term contracts and procures fuel for use by NEER's generation fleet; 
 provides full energy and capacity requirements to customers; and 
 markets and trades energy-related commodity products, including power, fuel, renewable attributes and carbon offsets, as well as marketing and trading services to customers. 
 
 16 

Table of Contents 

MARKETS AND COMPETITION 
 
 Electricity markets in the U.S. and Canada are regional and diverse in character. All are extensively regulated, and competition in these markets is shaped and constrained by regulation. The nature of the products offered varies based on the specifics of regulation in each region. Generally, in addition to the natural constraints on pricing freedom presented by competition, NEER may also face specific constraints in the form of price caps, or maximum allowed prices, for certain products. NEER's ability to sell the output of its generation facilities may also be constrained by available transmission capacity, which can vary from time to time and can have a significant impact on pricing. 
 
 The degree and nature of competition is different in wholesale markets than in retail markets. A majority of NEER's revenues are derived from sales of energy, capacity, credits and ancillary products under long-term PPAs to customers located in wholesale electricity markets. Wholesale power generation is a capital-intensive, commodity-driven business with numerous industry participants. NEER primarily competes on the basis of price, but believes the green attributes of NEER's generation assets, its track record of completing projects on schedule, its creditworthiness and its ability to offer and manage reliable customized risk solutions to wholesale customers are competitive advantages. Wholesale power generation is a regional business that is highly fragmented relative to many other commodity industries and diverse in terms of industry structure. As such, there is a wide variation in terms of the capabilities, resources, nature and identity of the companies NEER competes with depending on the market. In wholesale markets, customers' needs are met through a variety of means, including long-term bilateral contracts, standardized bilateral products such as full requirements service and customized supply and risk management services. 
 
 In general, U.S. and Canadian electricity markets encompass three classes of services: energy and related energy credits, capacity and ancillary services. Energy services relate to the physical delivery of power; capacity services relate to the availability of MW capacity of a power generation asset; and ancillary services are other services that relate to power generation assets, such as load regulation and spinning and non-spinning reserves. The exact nature of these classes of services is defined in part by regional tariffs. Not all regions have a capacity services class, and the specific definitions of ancillary services vary from region to region. 
 
 RTOs and ISOs exist throughout much of North America to coordinate generation and transmission across wide geographic areas and to run markets. NEER operates in all RTO and ISO jurisdictions. At December 31, 2022, NEER also had generation facilities with a total net generating capacity of approximately 6,581 MW that fall within reliability regions that are not under the jurisdiction of an established RTO or ISO, including 4,430 MW within the Western Electricity Coordinating Council and 2,109 MW within the SERC Reliability Corporation. Although each RTO and ISO may have differing objectives and structures, some benefits of these entities include regional planning, managing transmission congestion, developing larger wholesale markets for energy and capacity, maintaining reliability and facilitating competition among wholesale electricity providers. NEER has operations that fall within the following RTOs and ISOs : 
 17 

Table of Contents 

NEER competes in different regions to differing degrees, but in general it seeks to enter into long-term bilateral contracts for the full output of its generation facilities. At December 31, 2022, approximately 93 of NEER's net generating capacity was committed under long-term contracts. Where long-term contracts are not in effect, NEER sells the output of its facilities into daily spot markets. In such cases, NEER will frequently enter into shorter term bilateral contracts, typically of less than three years duration, to hedge the price risk associated with selling into a daily spot market. Such bilateral contracts, which may be hedges either for physical delivery or for financial (pricing) offset, serve to protect a portion of the revenue that NEER expects to derive from the associated generation facility. Contracts that serve the economic purpose of hedging some portion of the expected revenue of a generation facility but are not recorded as hedges under GAAP are referred to as non-qualifying hedges for adjusted earnings purposes. See Management's Discussion Overview Adjusted Earnings. 
 
 Certain facilities within the NEER wind and solar generation portfolio produce RECs and other environmental attributes which are typically sold along with the energy from the plants under long-term contracts, or may be sold separately from wind and solar generation not sold under long-term contracts. The purchasing party is solely entitled to the reporting rights and ownership of the environmental attributes. 
 
 While the majority of NEER's revenue is derived from the output of its generation facilities, NEER is also an active competitor in several regions in the wholesale full requirements business and in providing structured and customized power and fuel products and services to a variety of customers. In the full requirements service, typically, the supplier agrees to meet the customer's needs for a full range of products for every hour of the day, at a fixed price, for a predetermined period of time, thereby assuming the risk of fluctuations in the customer's volume requirements. 
 
 Expanded competition in a frequently changing regulatory environment presents both opportunities and risks for NEER. Opportunities exist for the selective acquisition of generation assets and for the construction and operation of efficient facilities that can sell power in competitive markets. NEER seeks to reduce its market risk by having a diversified portfolio by fuel type and location, as well as by contracting for the future sale of a significant amount of the electricity output of its facilities. 
 
 18 

Table of Contents 

NEER REGULATION 
 
 The energy markets in which NEER operates are subject to domestic and foreign regulation, as the case may be, including local, state and federal regulation, and other specific rules. 
 
 At December 31, 2022 , essentially all of NEER's generation facilities located in the U.S. have received exempt wholesale generator status as defined under the Public Utility Holding Company Act of 2005. Exempt wholesale generators own or operate a facility exclusively to sell electricity to wholesale customers. They are barred from selling electricity directly to retail customers. While projects with exempt wholesale generator status are exempt from various restrictions, each project must still comply with other federal, state and local laws, including, but not limited to, those regarding siting, construction, operation, licensing, pollution abatement and other environmental laws. 
 
 Additionally, most of the NEER facilities located in the U.S. are subject to FERC regulations and market rules and the NERC's mandatory reliability standards, all of its facilities are subject to environmental laws and the EPA's environmental regulations, and its nuclear facilities are also subject to the jurisdiction of the NRC. See FPL FPL Regulation for additional discussion of FERC, NERC, NRC and EPA regulations. Rates of NEER's rate-regulated transmission businesses are set by regulatory bodies as noted in Clean Energy and Other Operations Other Operations Rate-Regulated Transmission. With the exception of facilities located in ERCOT, the FERC has jurisdiction over various aspects of NEER's business in the U.S., including the oversight and investigation of competitive wholesale energy markets, regulation of the transmission and sale of natural gas, and oversight of environmental matters related to natural gas projects and major electricity policy initiatives. The PUCT has jurisdiction, including the regulation of rates and services, oversight of competitive markets, and enforcement of statutes and rules, over NEER facilities located in ERCOT. 
 
 Certain entities within the NEER segment and their affiliates are also subject to federal and provincial or regional regulations in Canada related to energy operations, energy markets and environmental standards. In Canada, activities related to owning and operating wind and solar projects and participating in wholesale and retail energy markets are regulated at the provincial level. In Ontario, for example, electric generation facilities must be licensed by the OEB and may also be required to complete registrations and maintain market participant status with the IESO, in which case they must agree to be bound by and comply with the provisions of the market rules for the Ontario electricity market as well as the mandatory reliability standards of the NERC. 
 
 In addition, NEER is subject to environmental laws and regulations as described in the NEE Environmental Matters section below. In order to better anticipate potential regulatory changes, NEER continues to actively evaluate and participate in regional market redesigns of existing operating rules for the integration of renewable energy resources and for the purchase and sale of energy commodities. 
 
 NEER HUMAN CAPITAL 
 
 NEER had approximately 5,900 employees at December 31, 2022. NEER has collective bargaining agreements with the IBEW, the Utility Workers Union of Amer ica and the Security Police and Fire Professionals of America, which collectively repr esent approximately 8 of NEER's employees. The collective bargaining agreements have approximately two- to four-year terms and expire between June 2024 and December 2025. 

NEE ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS 
 
 NEE and its subsidiaries, including FPL, are subject to environmental laws and regulations, including extensive federal, state and local environmental statutes, rules and regulations relating to, among others, air quality, water quality and usage, waste management, wildlife protection and historical resources, for the siting, construction and ongoing operations of their facilities. The U.S. government and certain states and regions, as well as the Government of Canada and its provinces, have taken and continue to take certain actions, such as proposing and finalizing regulations or setting targets or goals, regarding the regulation and reduction of greenhouse gas emissions and the increase of renewable energy generation. The environmental laws in the U.S., including, among others, the Endangered Species Act, the Migratory Bird Treaty Act, and the Bald and Golden Eagle Protection Act (BGEPA), provide for the protection of numerous species, including endangered species and/or their habitats, migratory birds, bats and eagles. In 2022, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Services proposed new rules that would add two bat species to the endangered species list. If such rules are enacted, certain of NEER s existing and new wind generation facilities would incur additional costs to comply with the proposed regulations. The environmental laws in Canada, including, among others, the Species at Risk Act, provide for the recovery of wildlife species that are endangered or threatened and the management of species of special concern. Complying with these environmental laws and regulations could result in, among other things, changes in the design and operation of existing facilities and changes or delays in the location, design, construction and operation of new facilities. Failure to comply could result in fines, penalties, criminal sanctions or injunctions. NEE's rate-regulated subsidiaries expect to seek recovery for compliance costs associated with any new environmental laws and regulations, which recovery for FPL would be through the environmental clause. 
 
 In April 2022, a subsidiary of NextEra Energy Resources entered into an agreement with the U.S. Department of Justice (DOJ) to implement an eagle management plan requiring, among other things, certain existing or in development wind sites to apply for eagle "take" permits under the BGEPA. Under the agreement, the DOJ will not prosecute NextEra Energy Resources or its 
 19 

Table of Contents 

affiliates for any eagle fatalities that have previously occurred, or may occur, at wind facilities operated by NextEra Energy Resources nationwide prior to the earlier of the date such facility obtains a permit or the date that is up to ten years following court approval of the agreement, provided that the NextEra Energy Resources subsidiary remains in compliance with its commitments under the agreement. NextEra Energy Resources voluntarily undertakes adaptive management practices designed to avoid and minimize eagle impacts and continues to believe that the criminal liability provisions of these laws were intended only to apply to hunting, poaching and other intentional activities, and do not apply to accidental collisions with wind turbines or other manufactured items, such as airplanes, locomotives, automobiles and buildings. 
 
 WEBSITE ACCESS TO SEC FILINGS 
 
 NEE and FPL make their SEC filings, including the annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments to those reports, available free of charge on NEE's internet website, www.nexteraenergy.com, as soon as reasonably practicable after those documents are electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. The information and materials available on NEE's website (or any of its subsidiaries' or affiliates' websites) are not incorporated by reference into this combined Form 10-K. 

INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS (a) 
 Name Age Position Effective Date Deborah H. Caplan 60 Executive Vice President, Human Resources and Corporate Services of NEE Executive Vice President, Human Resources and Corporate Services of FPL April 15, 2013 Robert Coffey 59 Executive Vice President, Nuclear Division and Chief Nuclear Officer of NEE Vice President and Chief Nuclear Officer of FPL June 14, 2021 June 15, 2021 Terrell Kirk Crews II 44 Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer of NEE Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer of FPL March 1, 2022 Michael H. Dunne 47 Treasurer of NEE Treasurer of FPL Assistant Secretary of NEE January 1, 2023 John W. Ketchum 52 Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of NEE Chairman of FPL July 29, 2022 February 15, 2023 Rebecca J. Kujawa 47 President and Chief Executive Officer of NextEra Energy Resources March 1, 2022 Mark Lemasney 47 Executive Vice President, Power Generation Division of NEE Executive Vice President, Power Generation Division of FPL January 1, 2023 James M. May 46 Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer of NEE March 1, 2019 Armando Pimentel, Jr. 60 President and Chief Executive Officer of FPL February 15, 2023 Ronald R. Reagan 54 Executive Vice President, Engineering, Construction and Integrated Supply Chain of NEE Vice President, Engineering and Construction of FPL January 1, 2020 March 1, 2019 Charles E. Sieving 50 Executive Vice President General Counsel of NEE Executive Vice President of FPL December 1, 2008 January 1, 2009 
 ______________________ 
 (a) Information is as of February 17, 2023. Executive officers are elected annually by, and serve at the pleasure of, their respective boards of directors. Except as noted below, each officer has held his/her present position for five years or more and his/her employment history is continuous. Mr. Coffey served as Vice President, Nuclear for FPL from May 2019 to June 2021 and was Regional Vice President for FPL's southern fleet from January 2018 to May 2019. Mr. Crews served as Vice President, Business Management of NextEra Energy Resources from March 2019 to February 2022 and was Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer of NEE from September 2016 until March 2019. Mr. Dunne served as Vice President Finance of NEE from April 2022 to December 2022. He was previously Managing Director, Global Energy Power Investment Banking for Bank of America from January 2012 to March 2022. Mr. Ketchum served as President and Chief Executive Officer of NEE from March 2022 to July 2022. He previously served as President and Chief Executive Officer of NextEra Energy Resources from March 2019 to February 2022 and Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer of NEE and FPL from March 2016 to February 2019. Ms. Kujawa served as Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer of NEE and FPL from February 2019 to February 2022 and Vice President, Business Management of NextEra Energy Resources from March 2012 to February 2019. Mr. Lemasney served as Vice President of Power Generation Division Engineering and Operations Support Services of NEE from November 2018 to December 2022 and Vice President of NEE Wind and Solar Operations from October 2016 to November 2018. Mr. May served as Controller of NextEra Energy Resources from April 2015 to February 2019. Mr. Pimentel serves as a member of the Board of Directors of Ameriprise Financial, Inc. since September 2022 and previously served as President and Chief Executive Officer of NextEra Energy Resources from October 2011 to March 2019. Mr. Reagan served as Vice President, Engineering and Construction of NEE from November 2018 to December 2019 and Vice President, Integrated Supply Chain of NEE from October 2012 to November 2018. 
 
 20 

Table of Contents 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 Risks Relating to NEE's and FPL's Business 
 
 The business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects of NEE and FPL are subject to a variety of risks, many of which are beyond the control of NEE and FPL. These risks, as well as additional risks and uncertainties either not presently known or that are currently believed to not be material to the business, may materially adversely affect the business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects of NEE and FPL and may cause actual results of NEE and FPL to differ substantially from those that NEE or FPL currently expects or seeks. In that event, the market price for the securities of NEE or FPL could decline. Accordingly, the risks described below should be carefully considered together with the other information set forth in this report and in future reports that NEE and FPL file with the SEC. 
 
 Regulatory, Legislative and Legal Risks 
 
 NEE's and FPL's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be materially adversely affected by the extensive regulation of their business. 
 
 The operations of NEE and FPL are subject to complex and comprehensive federal, state and other regulation. This extensive regulatory framework, portions of which are more specifically identified in the following risk factors, regulates, among other things and to varying degrees, NEE's and FPL's industry, businesses, rates and cost structures, operation and licensing of nuclear power facilities, planning, construction and operation of electric generation, transmission and distribution facilities and natural gas and oil production, natural gas, oil and other fuel transportation, processing and storage facilities, acquisition, disposal, depreciation and amortization of facilities and other assets, decommissioning costs and funding, service reliability, wholesale and retail competition, and commodities trading and derivatives transactions. In their business planning and in the management of their operations, NEE and FPL must address the effects of regulation on their business and any inability or failure to do so adequately could have a material adverse effect on their business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 NEE's and FPL's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be materially adversely affected if they are unable to recover in a timely manner any significant amount of costs, a return on certain assets or a reasonable return on invested capital through base rates, cost recovery clauses, other regulatory mechanisms or otherwise. 
 
 FPL operates as an electric utility and is subject to the jurisdiction of the FPSC over a wide range of business activities, including, among other items, the retail rates charged to its customers through base rates and cost recovery clauses, the terms and conditions of its services, procurement of electricity for its customers and fuel for its plant operations, issuances of securities, and aspects of the siting, planning, construction and operation of its generation plants and transmission and distribution systems for the sale of electric energy. The FPSC has the authority to disallow recovery by FPL of costs that it considers excessive or imprudently incurred, including those incurred to transition to lower carbon emission technology, and to determine the level of return that FPL is permitted to earn on invested capital. The regulatory process, which may be adversely affected by the geopolitical, political, regulatory, operational and economic environment in Florida and elsewhere, limits or could otherwise adversely impact FPL's earnings. The regulatory process also does not provide any assurance as to achievement of authorized or other earnings levels, or that FPL will be permitted to earn an acceptable return on capital investments it wishes to make. NEE's and FPL's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be materially adversely affected if any material amount of costs, a return on certain assets or a reasonable return on invested capital cannot be recovered through base rates, cost recovery clauses, other regulatory mechanisms or otherwise. Certain other subsidiaries of NEE are utilities subject to the jurisdiction of their regulators and are subject to similar risks. 
 
 Regulatory decisions that are important to NEE and FPL may be materially adversely affected by political, regulatory, operational and economic factors. 
 
 The local and national political, regulatory and economic environment has had, and may in the future have, an adverse effect on regulatory decisions with negative consequences for NEE and FPL. These decisions, which may come from any level of government, may require, for example, FPL or NEER to cancel or delay planned development activities, to reduce or delay other planned capital expenditures or to pay for investments or otherwise incur costs that it may not be able to recover through rates or otherwise, each of which could have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects of NEE and FPL. 
 
 FPL's use of derivative instruments could be subject to prudence challenges and, if found imprudent, could result in disallowances of cost recovery for such use by the FPSC. 
 
 The FPSC engages in an annual prudence review of FPL's use of derivative instruments in its risk management fuel procurement program and should it find any such use to be imprudent, the FPSC could deny cost recovery for such use by FPL. Such an outcome could have a material adverse effect on FPL's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 21 

Table of Contents 

Any reductions or modifications to, or the elimination of, governmental incentives or policies that support utility scale renewable energy, including, but not limited to, tax laws, policies and incentives, RPS and feed-in-tariffs, or the imposition of additional taxes, tariffs, duties or other assessments on renewable energy or the equipment necessary to generate or deliver it, could result in, among other items, the lack of a satisfactory market for the development and/or financing of new renewable energy projects, NEE and FPL abandoning the development of renewable energy projects, a loss of investments in renewable energy projects and reduced project returns, any of which could have a material adverse effect on NEE and FPL's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 NEE depends heavily on government policies that support utility scale renewable energy and enhance the economic feasibility of developing and operating wind and solar energy projects in regions in which NEER and FPL operate or plan to develop and operate renewable energy facilities. The federal government, a majority of state governments in the U.S. and portions of Canada provide incentives, such as tax incentives, RPS or feed-in-tariffs, that support or are designed to support the sale of energy from utility scale renewable energy facilities, such as wind and solar energy facilities. The development of renewable energy facilities at acceptable prices has not historically been burdened by actions taken by the U.S. government. However, as a result of budgetary constraints, geopolitical factors, political factors or otherwise, governments from time to time may review their laws and policies that support, or do not overly burden, the development and operation of renewable energy facilities and, instead, consider actions that would make the laws and policies less conducive to the development and operation of renewable energy facilities. Any reductions or modifications to, or the elimination of, governmental incentives or policies that support renewable energy or the imposition of additional taxes, tariffs, duties or other assessments on renewable energy or the equipment necessary to generate or deliver it, such as policies in place to limit certain imports from China and other Southeast Asian countries, could result in, among other items, the lack of a satisfactory market for the development and/or financing of new renewable energy projects, NEE and FPL abandoning the development of renewable energy projects, a loss of investments in the projects and reduced project returns, any of which could have a material adverse effect on NEE and FPL's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 NEE's and FPL's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be materially adversely affected as a result of new or revised laws or regulations or interpretations of these laws and regulations. 
 
 NEE's and FPL's business is influenced by various legislative and regulatory initiatives, including, but not limited to, new or revised laws, including international trade laws, regulations and interpretations, constitutional ballot and regulatory initiatives regarding deregulation or restructuring of the energy industry, regulation of the commodities trading and derivatives markets, and regulation of environmental matters, such as regulation of air emissions, regulation of water consumption and water discharges, and regulation of gas and oil infrastructure operations, as well as associated environmental permitting. Changes in the nature of the regulation of NEE's and FPL's business could have a material adverse effect on NEE's and FPL's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. NEE and FPL are unable to predict future legislative or regulatory changes, including through constitutional ballot initiatives or changed legal or regulatory interpretations, although any such changes may increase costs and competitive pressures on NEE and FPL, which could have a material adverse effect on NEE's and FPL's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 FPL has limited competition in the Florida market for retail electricity customers and is not subject to a RPS. Any changes in Florida law or regulation, whether through new or modified legislation or regulation or through citizen-approved state constitutional ballot initiatives, which introduce competition in the Florida retail electricity market, such as government incentives that facilitate the installation of solar generation facilities on residential or other rooftops at below cost or that are otherwise subsidized by non-participants, would permit third-party sales of electricity or would mandate the transition to renewable energy at FPL, could have a material adverse effect on FPL's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. There can be no assurance that FPL will be able to respond adequately to such regulatory changes, which could have a material adverse effect on FPL's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 NEER is subject to FERC rules related to transmission that are designed to facilitate competition in the wholesale market on practically a nationwide basis by providing greater certainty, flexibility and more choices to wholesale power customers. NEE cannot predict the impact of changing FERC rules or the effect of changes in levels of wholesale supply and demand, which are typically driven by factors beyond NEE's control. There can be no assurance that NEER will be able to respond adequately or sufficiently quickly to such rules and developments, or to any changes that reverse or restrict the competitive restructuring of the energy industry in those jurisdictions in which such restructuring has occurred. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on NEE's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 NEE and FPL are subject to numerous environmental laws, regulations and other standards that may result in capital expenditures, increased operating costs and various liabilities, and may require NEE and FPL to limit or eliminate certain operations. 
 
 NEE and FPL are subject to domestic environmental laws, regulations and other standards, including, but not limited to, extensive federal, state and local environmental statutes, rules and regulations relating to air quality, water quality and usage, soil quality, climate change, emissions of greenhouse gases, waste management, hazardous wastes, marine, avian and other wildlife mortality and habitat protection, historical artifact preservation, natural resources, health (including, but not limited to, electric and magnetic fields from power lines and substations), safety and RPS, that could, among other things, prevent or delay 
 22 

Table of Contents 

the development of power generation, power or natural gas transmission, or other infrastructure projects, restrict or enjoin the output of some existing facilities, limit the availability and use of some fuels required for the production of electricity, require additional pollution control equipment, and otherwise increase costs, increase capital expenditures and limit or eliminate certain operations. Certain subsidiaries of NEE are also subject to foreign environmental laws, regulations and other standards and, as such, are subject to similar risks. 
 
 There are significant capital, operating and other costs associated with compliance with these environmental statutes, rules and regulations, and those costs could be even more significant in the future as a result of new requirements, stricter or more expansive application of existing environmental laws and regulations, and the addition of species to the endangered species list. 
 
 Violations of current or future laws, rules, regulations or other standards could expose NEE and FPL to regulatory and legal proceedings, disputes with, and legal challenges by, governmental entities and third parties, and potentially significant civil fines, criminal penalties and other sanctions, such as restrictions on how NextEra Energy Resources develops, sites and operates wind facilities. These violations could result in, without limitation, litigation regarding property damage, personal injury, common law nuisance and enforcement by citizens or governmental authorities of environmental requirements. For example, one of NextEra Energy Resources' subsidiaries is currently on probation as a result of accidental collisions of eagles into wind turbines at a number of NextEra Energy Resources' wind facilities. If NextEra Energy Resources' subsidiary violates the terms of the probation, or fails to obtain eagle take permits under the BGEPA for certain of its wind facilities and additional eagles perish in collisions with facility turbines, NextEra Energy Resources or its subsidiaries may face criminal prosecution under these laws. 
 
 NEE's and FPL's business could be negatively affected by federal or state laws or regulations mandating new or additional limits on the production of greenhouse gas emissions. 
 
 Federal or state laws or regulations may be adopted that would impose new or additional limits on the emissions of greenhouse gases, including, but not limited to, carbon dioxide and methane, from electric generation units using fuels, such as natural gas. The potential effects of greenhouse gas emission limits on NEE's and FPL's electric generation units are subject to significant uncertainties based on, among other things, the timing of the implementation of any new requirements, the required levels of emission reductions, the nature of any market-based or tax-based mechanisms adopted to facilitate reductions, the relative availability of greenhouse gas emission reduction offsets, the development of cost-effective, commercial-scale carbon capture and storage technology and supporting regulations and liability mitigation measures, and the range of available compliance alternatives. 
 
 While NEE's and FPL's electric generation portfolio emits greenhouse gases at a lower rate of emissions than most of the U.S. electric generation sector, the results of operations of NEE and FPL could be materially adversely affected to the extent that new federal or state laws or regulations impose any new greenhouse gas emission limits. Any future limits on greenhouse gas emissions could: 
 
 create substantial additional costs in the form of taxes or emissions allowances; 
 make some of NEE's and FPL's electric generation units uneconomical to operate in the long term; 
 require significant capital investment in carbon capture and storage technology, fuel switching, or the replacement of high-emitting generation facilities with lower-emitting generation facilities; or 
 affect the availability or cost of fuel, such as natural gas. 
 
 There can be no assurance that NEE or FPL would be able to completely recover any such costs or investments, which could have a material adverse effect on their business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 Extensive federal regulation of the operations and businesses of NEE and FPL exposes NEE and FPL to significant and increasing compliance costs and may also expose them to substantial monetary penalties and other sanctions for compliance failures. 
 
 NEE's and FPL's operations and businesses are subject to extensive federal regulation, which generally imposes significant and increasing compliance costs on their operations and businesses. Additionally, any actual or alleged compliance failures could result in significant costs and other potentially adverse effects of regulatory investigations, proceedings, settlements, decisions and claims, including, among other items, potentially significant monetary penalties. As an example, under the Energy Policy Act of 2005, NEE and FPL, as owners and operators of bulk-power transmission systems and/or electric generation facilities, are subject to mandatory reliability standards. Compliance with these mandatory reliability standards may subject NEE and FPL to higher operating costs and may result in increased capital expenditures. If FPL or NEE is found not to be in compliance with these standards, they may incur substantial monetary penalties and other sanctions. Both the costs of regulatory compliance and the costs that may be imposed as a result of any actual or alleged compliance failures could have a material adverse effect on NEE's and FPL's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 Changes in tax laws, guidance or policies, including but not limited to changes in corporate income tax rates, as well as judgments and estimates used in the determination of tax-related asset and liability amounts, could materially adversely affect NEE's and FPL's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 23 

Table of Contents 

NEE's and FPL's provision for income taxes and reporting of tax-related assets and liabilities require significant judgments and the use of estimates. Amounts of tax-related assets and liabilities involve judgments and estimates of the timing and probability of recognition of income, deductions and tax credits, including, but not limited to, estimates for potential adverse outcomes regarding tax positions that have been taken and the ability to utilize tax benefit carryforwards, such as net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. Actual income taxes could vary significantly from estimated amounts due to the future impacts of, among other things, changes in tax laws, guidance or policies, including changes in corporate income tax rates, the financial condition and results of operations of NEE and FPL, and the resolution of audit issues raised by taxing authorities. These factors, including the ultimate resolution of income tax matters, may result in material adjustments to tax-related assets and liabilities, which could materially adversely affect NEE's and FPL's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 NEE's and FPL's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be materially adversely affected due to adverse results of litigation. 
 
 NEE's and FPL's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be materially affected by adverse results of litigation. Unfavorable resolution of legal or administrative proceedings in which NEE or FPL is involved or other future legal or administrative proceedings may have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects of NEE and FPL. 
 
 Allegations of violations of law by FPL or NEE have the potential to result in fines, penalties, or other sanctions or effects, as well as cause reputational damage for FPL and NEE, and could hamper FPL s and NEE s effectiveness in interacting with governmental authorities. 
 
 FPL s and NEE s business and reputation could be adversely affected by allegations that FPL or NEE has violated laws, by any investigations or proceedings that arise from such allegations, or by ultimate determinations of legal violations. For example, media articles have been published that allege, among other things, Florida state and federal campaign finance law violations by FPL. These articles are referenced in a complaint subsequently filed with the Federal Election Commission (FEC) that alleges certain violations of the Federal Election Campaign Act. FPL and NEE cannot guarantee that the FEC complaint process will not ultimately result in a finding that FPL or NEE violated federal campaign finance or other laws, that applicable federal or state governmental authorities may not investigate or take enforcement actions with respect to the allegations or assert that legal violations by FPL or NEE have occurred, or that violations may not ultimately be found by a court of competent jurisdiction or other authorities to have occurred. 
 
 In addition, notwithstanding the completion or pendency of any internal review or investigation by FPL or NEE of any allegations of legal violations, including of the allegations regarding campaign finance laws set forth in the media articles or FEC complaint, FPL and NEE cannot provide assurance that any of the foregoing will not result in the imposition of material fines, penalties, or otherwise result in other sanctions or effects on FPL or NEE, or will not have a material adverse impact on the reputation of NEE or FPL or on the effectiveness of their interactions with governmental regulators or other authorities. 
 
 Development and Operational Risks 
 
 NEE's and FPL's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could suffer if NEE and FPL do not proceed with projects under development or are unable to complete the construction of, or capital improvements to, electric generation, transmission and distribution facilities, gas infrastructure facilities or other facilities on schedule or within budget. 
 
 NEE's and FPL's ability to proceed with projects under development and to complete construction of, and capital improvement projects for, their electric generation, transmission and distribution facilities, gas infrastructure facilities and other facilities on schedule and within budget have been, in limited instances, and in the future may be, adversely affected by escalating costs for materials and labor and regulatory compliance, inability to obtain or renew necessary licenses, rights-of-way, permits or other approvals on acceptable terms or on schedule, disputes involving contractors, labor organizations, land owners, governmental entities, environmental groups, Native American and aboriginal groups, lessors, joint venture partners and other third parties, negative publicity, transmission interconnection issues, geopolitical factors, supply chain disruptions, inflation, rising interest rates and other factors. For example, the ability of NEE and FPL to develop solar generation facilities is dependent on the international supply chain for solar panels and associated equipment, and governmental or regulatory actions have caused minor, and could in the future cause material, disruptions in the ability of NEE and FPL to acquire solar panels on time and at acceptable costs. If any development project or construction or capital improvement project is not completed, is delayed or is subject to cost overruns, certain associated costs may not be approved for recovery or otherwise be recoverable through regulatory mechanisms that may be available, and NEE and FPL could become obligated to make delay or termination payments or become obligated for other damages under contracts, could experience the loss of tax credits or tax incentives, or delayed or diminished returns, and could be required to write off all or a portion of their investment in the project. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on NEE's and FPL's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 24 

Table of Contents 

NEE and FPL face risks related to project siting, financing, construction, permitting, governmental approvals and the negotiation of project development agreements that may impede their development and operating activities. 
 
 NEE and FPL own, develop, construct, manage and operate electric generation and transmission facilities and natural gas transmission facilities. A key component of NEE's and FPL's growth is their ability to construct and operate generation and transmission facilities to meet customer needs. As part of these operations, NEE and FPL must periodically apply for licenses and permits from various local, state, federal and other regulatory authorities and abide by their respective conditions. Should NEE or FPL be unsuccessful in obtaining necessary licenses or permits on acceptable terms or resolving third-party challenges to such licenses or permits, should there be a delay in obtaining or renewing necessary licenses or permits or should regulatory authorities initiate any associated investigations or enforcement actions or impose related penalties or disallowances on NEE or FPL, NEE's and FPL's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be materially adversely affected. Any failure to negotiate successful project development agreements for new facilities with third parties could have similar results. 
 
 The operation and maintenance of NEE's and FPL's electric generation, transmission and distribution facilities, gas infrastructure facilities, retail gas distribution system in Florida and other facilities are subject to many operational risks, the consequences of which could have a material adverse effect on NEE's and FPL's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 NEE's and FPL's electric generation, transmission and distribution facilities, gas infrastructure facilities, retail gas distribution system in Florida and other facilities are subject to many operational risks. Operational risks could result in, among other things, lost revenues due to prolonged outages, increased expenses due to monetary penalties or fines for compliance failures or legal claims, liability to third parties for property and personal injury damage or loss of life, a failure to perform under applicable power sales agreements or other agreements and associated loss of revenues from terminated agreements or liability for liquidated damages under continuing agreements, and replacement equipment costs or an obligation to purchase or generate replacement power at higher prices. 
 
 Uncertainties and risks inherent in operating and maintaining NEE's and FPL's facilities include, but are not limited to: 
 
 risks associated with facility start-up operations, such as whether the facility will achieve projected operating performance on schedule and otherwise as planned; 
 failures in the availability, acquisition or transportation of fuel or other necessary supplies; 
 the impact of unusual or adverse weather conditions and natural disasters, including, but not limited to, hurricanes, tornadoes, extreme temperatures, icing events, floods, earthquakes and droughts; 
 performance below expected or contracted levels of output or efficiency; 
 breakdown or failure, including, but not limited to, explosions, fires, leaks or other major events, of equipment, transmission or distribution systems or pipelines; 
 availability of replacement equipment; 
 risks of property damage, human injury or loss of life from energized equipment, hazardous substances or explosions, fires, leaks or other events, especially where facilities are located near populated areas; 
 potential environmental impacts of gas infrastructure operations; 
 availability of adequate water resources and ability to satisfy water intake and discharge requirements; 
 inability to identify, manage properly or mitigate equipment defects in NEE's and FPL's facilities; 
 use of new or unproven technology; 
 risks associated with dependence on a specific type of fuel or fuel source, such as commodity price risk, availability of adequate fuel supply and transportation, and lack of available alternative fuel sources; 
 increased competition due to, among other factors, new facilities, excess supply, shifting demand and regulatory changes (such as the passage of the IRA); and 
 insufficient insurance, warranties or performance guarantees to cover any or all lost revenues or increased expenses from the foregoing. 
 
 NEE's and FPL's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be negatively affected by a lack of growth or slower growth in the number of customers or in customer usage. 
 
 Growth in customer accounts and growth of customer usage each directly influence the demand for electricity and the need for additional power generation and power delivery facilities, as well as the need for energy-related commodities, such as natural gas. Customer growth and customer usage are affected by a number of factors outside the control of NEE and FPL, such as mandated energy efficiency measures, demand side management requirements, and economic and demographic conditions, such as population changes, job and income growth, housing starts, new business formation, inflation and the overall level of economic activity. A lack of growth, or a decline, in the number of customers or in customer demand for electricity or natural gas and other fuels may cause NEE and FPL to fail to fully realize the anticipated benefits from significant investments and expenditures and could have a material adverse effect on NEE's and FPL's growth, business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 25 

Table of Contents 

NEE's and FPL's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects can be materially adversely affected by weather conditions, including, but not limited to, the impact of severe weather. 
 
 Weather conditions directly influence the demand for electricity and natural gas and other fuels and affect the price of energy and energy-related commodities. In addition, severe weather and natural disasters, such as hurricanes, floods, tornadoes, droughts, extreme temperatures, icing events and earthquakes, can be destructive and cause power outages and property damage, reduce revenue, affect the availability of fuel and water, and require NEE and FPL to incur additional costs, for example, to restore service and repair damaged facilities, to obtain replacement power, to access available financing sources and to obtain insurance. Furthermore, NEE's and FPL's physical plants could be placed at greater risk of damage should changes in the global climate produce unusual variations in temperature and weather patterns, resulting in more intense, frequent and extreme weather events, abnormal levels of precipitation and, particularly relevant to FPL, a change in sea level. FPL operates in the east and lower west coasts of Florida and in northwest Florida, areas that historically have been prone to severe weather events, such as hurricanes. A disruption or failure of electric generation, transmission or distribution systems or natural gas production, transmission, storage or distribution systems in the event of a hurricane, tornado or other severe weather event, or otherwise, could prevent NEE and FPL from operating their business in the normal course and could result in any of the adverse consequences described above. Additionally, the actions taken to address the potential for severe weather such as additional winterizing of critical equipment and infrastructure, modifying or alternating plant operations and expanding load shedding options could result in significant increases in costs. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on NEE's and FPL's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 At FPL and other businesses of NEE where cost recovery is available, recovery of costs to restore service, to repair damaged facilities or for other actions to address severe weather is or may be subject to regulatory approval, and any determination by the regulator not to permit timely and full recovery of the costs incurred could have a material adverse effect on NEE's and FPL's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 Changes in weather can also affect the production of electricity at power generation facilities, including, but not limited to, NEER's wind and solar facilities. For example, the level of wind resource affects the revenue produced by wind generation facilities. Because the levels of wind and solar resources are variable and difficult to predict, NEER's results of operations for individual wind and solar facilities specifically, and NEE's results of operations generally, may vary significantly from period to period, depending on the level of available resources. To the extent that resources are not available at planned levels, the financial results from these facilities may be less than expected. 
 
 Threats of terrorism and catastrophic events that could result from geopolitical factors, terrorism, cyberattacks, or individuals and/or groups attempting to disrupt NEE's and FPL's business, or the businesses of third parties, may materially adversely affect NEE's and FPL's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 NEE and FPL are subject to the potentially adverse operating and financial effects of geopolitical factors, terrorist acts and threats, as well as cyberattacks and other disruptive activities of individuals or groups. There have been cyberattacks and other physical attacks within the energy industry on energy infrastructure such as substations, gas pipelines and related assets in the past and there may be such attacks in the future. NEE's and FPL's generation, transmission and distribution facilities, fuel storage facilities, information technology systems and other infrastructure facilities and systems could be direct targets of, or otherwise be materially adversely affected by, such activities. 
 
 Geopolitical factors, terrorist acts, cyberattacks or other similar events affecting NEE's and FPL's systems and facilities, or those of third parties on which NEE and FPL rely, could harm NEE's and FPL's business, for example, by limiting their ability to generate, purchase or transmit power, natural gas or other energy-related commodities, by limiting their ability to bill customers and collect and process payments, and by delaying their development and construction of new generation, distribution or transmission facilities or capital improvements to existing facilities. These events, and governmental actions in response, could result in a material decrease in revenues, significant additional costs (for example, to repair assets, implement additional security requirements or maintain or acquire insurance), significant fines and penalties, and reputational damage, could materially adversely affect NEE's and FPL's operations (for example, by contributing to disruption of supplies and markets for natural gas, oil and other fuels), and could impair NEE's and FPL's ability to raise capital (for example, by contributing to financial instability and lower economic activity). In addition, the implementation of security guidelines and measures has resulted in and is expected to continue to result in increased costs. Such events or actions may materially adversely affect NEE's and FPL's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 The ability of NEE and FPL to obtain insurance and the terms of any available insurance coverage could be materially adversely affected by international, national, state or local events and company-specific events, as well as the financial condition of insurers. NEE's and FPL's insurance coverage does not provide protection against all significant losses. 
 
 Insurance coverage may not continue to be available or may not be available at rates or on terms similar to those presently available to NEE and FPL. The ability of NEE and FPL to obtain insurance and the terms of any available insurance coverage could be materially adversely affected by international, national, state or local events and company-specific events, including impacts of actual or perceived climate-related events, as well as the financial condition of insurers. If insurance coverage is not available or obtainable on acceptable terms, NEE or FPL may be required to pay costs associated with adverse future events. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

NEE and FPL generally are not fully insured against all significant losses. For example, FPL is not fully insured against hurricane-related losses, but could instead seek recovery of such uninsured losses from customers subject to approval by the FPSC, to the extent losses exceed restricted funds set aside to cover the cost of storm damage. A loss for which NEE or FPL is not fully insured could have a material adverse effect on NEE's and FPL's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 NEE invests in gas and oil producing and transmission assets through NEER s gas infrastructure business. The gas infrastructure business is exposed to fluctuating market prices of natural gas, natural gas liquids, oil and other energy commodities. A prolonged period of low gas and oil prices could impact NEER s gas infrastructure business and cause NEER to delay or cancel certain gas infrastructure projects and could result in certain projects becoming impaired, which could materially adversely affect NEE's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 Natural gas and oil prices are affected by supply and demand, both globally and regionally. Factors that influence supply and demand include operational issues, natural disasters, weather, political instability, conflicts, new discoveries, technological advances, economic conditions and actions by major oil-producing countries. There can be significant volatility in market prices for gas and oil, and price fluctuations could have a material effect on the financial performance of gas and oil producing and transmission assets. For example, in a low gas and oil price environment, NEER would generate less revenue from its gas infrastructure investments in gas and oil producing properties, and as a result certain investments might become less profitable or incur losses. Prolonged periods of low oil and gas prices could also result in the delay or cancellation of oil and gas production and transmission projects, could cause projects to experience lower returns, and could result in certain projects becoming impaired, which could materially adversely affect NEE's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 If supply costs necessary to provide NEER's full energy and capacity requirement services are not favorable, operating costs could increase and materially adversely affect NEE's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 NEER provides full energy and capacity requirements services primarily to distribution utilities, which include load-following services and various ancillary services, to satisfy all or a portion of such utilities' power supply obligations to their customers. The supply costs for these transactions may be affected by a number of factors, including, but not limited to, events that may occur after such utilities have committed to supply power, such as weather conditions, fluctuating prices for energy and ancillary services, and the ability of the distribution utilities' customers to elect to receive service from competing suppliers. NEER may not be able to recover all of its increased supply costs, which could have a material adverse effect on NEE's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 Due to the potential for significant volatility in market prices for fuel, electricity and renewable and other energy commodities, NEER's inability or failure to manage properly or hedge effectively the commodity risks within its portfolios could materially adversely affect NEE's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 There can be significant volatility in market prices for fuel, electricity and renewable and other energy commodities. NEE's inability or failure to manage properly or hedge effectively its assets or positions against changes in commodity prices, volumes, interest rates, counterparty credit risk or other risk measures, based on factors that are either within, or wholly or partially outside of, NEE's control, may materially adversely affect NEE's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 Reductions in the liquidity of energy markets may restrict the ability of NEE to manage its operational risks, which, in turn, could negatively affect NEE's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 NEE is an active participant in energy markets. The liquidity of regional energy markets is an important factor in NEE's ability to manage risks in these operations. Market liquidity is driven in part by the number of active market participants. Liquidity in the energy markets can be adversely affected by price volatility, restrictions on the availability of credit, inflation, rising interest rates and other factors, and any reduction in the liquidity of energy markets could have a material adverse effect on NEE's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 NEE's and FPL's hedging and trading procedures and associated risk management tools may not protect against significant losses. 
 
 NEE and FPL have hedging and trading procedures and associated risk management tools, such as separate but complementary financial, credit, operational, compliance and legal reporting systems, internal controls, management review processes and other mechanisms. NEE and FPL are unable to assure that such procedures and tools will be effective against all potential risks, including, without limitation, employee misconduct or severe weather or operating conditions. If such procedures and tools are not effective, this could have a material adverse effect on NEE's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 If price movements significantly or persistently deviate from historical behavior, NEE's and FPL's risk management tools associated with their hedging and trading procedures may not protect against significant losses. 
 
 27 

Table of Contents 

NEE's and FPL's risk management tools and metrics associated with their hedging and trading procedures, such as daily value at risk, earnings at risk, stop loss limits and liquidity guidelines, are based on historical price movements. Due to the inherent uncertainty involved in price movements and potential deviation from historical pricing behavior, NEE and FPL are unable to assure that their risk management tools and metrics will be effective to protect against material adverse effects on their business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 If power transmission or natural gas, nuclear fuel or other commodity transportation facilities are unavailable or disrupted, the ability for subsidiaries of NEE, including FPL, to sell and deliver power or natural gas may be limited. 
 
 Subsidiaries of NEE, including FPL, depend upon power transmission and natural gas, nuclear fuel and other commodity transportation facilities, many of which they do not own. Occurrences affecting the operation of these facilities that may or may not be beyond the control of subsidiaries of NEE, including FPL, (such as geopolitical factors, cyber incidents, physical attacks, severe weather or a generation or transmission facility outage, pipeline rupture, or sudden and significant increase or decrease in wind or solar generation) may limit or halt their ability to sell and deliver power and natural gas, or to purchase necessary fuels and other commodities, which could materially adversely impact NEE's and FPL's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 NEE and FPL are subject to credit and performance risk from customers, hedging counterparties and vendors. 
 
 NEE and FPL are exposed to risks associated with the creditworthiness and performance of their customers, hedging counterparties and vendors under contracts for the supply of equipment, materials, fuel and other goods and services required for their business operations and for the construction and operation of, and for capital improvements to, their facilities. Adverse conditions in the energy industry or the general economy such as inflation, as well as circumstances of individual customers, hedging counterparties and vendors, may adversely affect the ability of some customers, hedging counterparties and vendors to perform as required under their contracts with NEE and FPL. 
 
 If any vendor or hedging or other counterparty fails to fulfill its contractual obligations, NEE and FPL may need to make arrangements with other counterparties or vendors, which could result in material financial losses, higher costs, untimely completion of power generation facilities and other projects, and/or a disruption of their operations. If a defaulting counterparty is in poor financial condition, NEE and FPL may not be able to recover damages for any contract breach. 
 
 NEE and FPL could recognize financial losses or a reduction in operating cash flows if a counterparty fails to perform or make payments in accordance with the terms of derivative contracts or if NEE or FPL is required to post margin cash collateral under derivative contracts. 
 
 NEE and FPL use derivative instruments, such as swaps, options, futures and forwards, some of which are traded in the OTC markets or on exchanges, to manage their commodity and financial market risks, and for NEE to engage in trading and marketing activities. Any failures by their counterparties to perform or make payments in accordance with the terms of those transactions could have a material adverse effect on NEE's or FPL's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Similarly, any requirement for FPL or NEE to post margin cash collateral under its derivative contracts could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. These risks may be increased during periods of adverse market or economic conditions such as inflation affecting the industry in which NEE and FPL participate. 
 
 NEE and FPL are highly dependent on sensitive and complex information technology systems, and any failure or breach of those systems could have a material adverse effect on their business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 NEE and FPL operate in a highly regulated industry that requires the continuous functioning of sophisticated information technology systems and network infrastructure. Despite NEE's and FPL's implementation of security measures, all of their technology systems are vulnerable to disability, failures or unauthorized access due to such activities. If NEE's or FPL's information technology systems were to fail or be breached, sensitive confidential and other data could be compromised and NEE and FPL could be unable to fulfill critical business functions. 
 
 NEE's and FPL's business is highly dependent on their ability to process and monitor, on a daily basis, a very large number of transactions, many of which are highly complex and cross numerous and diverse markets. Due to the size, scope, complexity and geographical reach of NEE's and FPL's business, the development and maintenance of information technology systems to keep track of and process information is critical and challenging. NEE's and FPL's operating systems and facilities may fail to operate properly or become disabled as a result of events that are either within, or wholly or partially outside of, their control, such as operator error, severe weather, geopolitical activities, terrorist activities or cyber incidents. Any such failure or disabling event could materially adversely affect NEE's and FPL's ability to process transactions and provide services, and their business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 NEE and FPL add, modify and replace information systems on a regular basis. Modifying existing information systems or implementing new or replacement information systems is costly and involves risks, including, but not limited to, integrating the 
 28 

Table of Contents 

modified, new or replacement system with existing systems and processes, implementing associated changes in accounting procedures and controls, and ensuring that data conversion is accurate and consistent. Any disruptions or deficiencies in existing information systems, or disruptions, delays or deficiencies in the modification or implementation of new information systems, could result in increased costs, the inability to track or collect revenues and the diversion of management's and employees' attention and resources, and could negatively impact the effectiveness of the companies' control environment, and/or the companies' ability to timely file required regulatory reports. 
 
 NEE and FPL also face the risks of operational failure or capacity constraints of third parties, including, but not limited to, those who provide power transmission and natural gas transportation services. 
 
 NEE's and FPL's retail businesses are subject to the risk that sensitive customer data may be compromised, which could result in a material adverse impact to their reputation and/or have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects of NEE and FPL. 
 
 NEE's and FPL's retail businesses require access to sensitive customer data in the ordinary course of business. NEE's and FPL's retail businesses may also need to provide sensitive customer data to vendors and service providers who require access to this information in order to provide services, such as call center services, to the retail businesses. If a significant breach occurred, the reputation of NEE and FPL could be materially adversely affected, customer confidence could be diminished, or customer information could be subject to identity theft. NEE and FPL would be subject to costs associated with the breach and/or NEE and FPL could be subject to fines and legal claims, any of which may have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects of NEE and FPL. 
 
 NEE and FPL could recognize financial losses as a result of volatility in the market values of derivative instruments and limited liquidity in OTC markets. 
 
 NEE and FPL execute transactions in derivative instruments on either recognized exchanges or via the OTC markets, depending on management's assessment of the most favorable credit and market execution factors. Transactions executed in OTC markets have the potential for greater volatility and less liquidity than transactions on recognized exchanges. As a result, NEE and FPL may not be able to execute desired OTC transactions due to such heightened volatility and limited liquidity. 
 
 In the absence of actively quoted market prices and pricing information from external sources, the valuation of derivative instruments involves management's judgment and use of estimates. As a result, changes in the underlying assumptions or use of alternative valuation methods could affect the reported fair value of these derivative instruments and have a material adverse effect on NEE's and FPL's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 NEE and FPL may be materially adversely affected by negative publicity. 
 
 From time to time, political and public sentiment may result in a significant amount of adverse press coverage and other adverse public statements affecting NEE and FPL. Adverse press coverage and other adverse statements, whether or not driven by political or public sentiment, may also result in investigations by regulators, legislators and law enforcement officials or in legal claims. Responding to the negative publicity and any resulting investigations and lawsuits, regardless of the ultimate outcome of the proceeding, can divert the time and effort of senior management from NEE's and FPL's business. 
 
 Addressing any adverse publicity, governmental scrutiny or enforcement or other legal proceedings is time consuming and expensive and, regardless of the factual basis for the assertions being made, can have a negative impact on the reputation of NEE and FPL, on the morale and performance of their employees and on their relationships with regulators. It may also have a negative impact on their ability to take timely advantage of various business and market opportunities. The direct and indirect effects of negative publicity, and the demands of responding to and addressing it, may have a material adverse effect on NEE's and FPL's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 NEE's and FPL's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be adversely affected if FPL is unable to maintain, negotiate or renegotiate franchise agreements on acceptable terms with municipalities and counties in Florida. 
 
 FPL may negotiate franchise agreements with municipalities and counties in Florida to provide electric services within such municipalities and counties, and electricity sales generated pursuant to these agreements represent a very substantial portion of FPL's revenues. If FPL is unable to maintain, negotiate or renegotiate such franchise agreements on acceptable terms, it could contribute to lower earnings and FPL may not fully realize the anticipated benefits from significant investments and expenditures, which could adversely affect NEE's and FPL's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 NEE's and FPL's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be materially adversely affected by work strikes or stoppages and increasing personnel costs. 
 
 Employee strikes or work stoppages could disrupt operations and lead to a loss of revenue and customers. Personnel costs may also increase due to inflationary or competitive pressures on payroll and benefits costs and revised terms of collective bargaining 
 29 

Table of Contents 

agreements with union employees. These consequences could have a material adverse effect on NEE's and FPL's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 NEE's ability to successfully identify, complete and integrate acquisitions is subject to significant risks, including, but not limited to, the effect of increased competition for acquisitions resulting from the consolidation of the energy industry. 
 
 NEE is likely to encounter significant competition for acquisition opportunities that may become available as a result of the consolidation of the energy industry in general. In addition, NEE may be unable to identify attractive acquisition opportunities at favorable prices and to complete and integrate them successfully and in a timely manner. 
 
 Nuclear Generation Risks 
 
 The operation and maintenance of NEE's and FPL's nuclear generation facilities involve environmental, health and financial risks that could result in fines or the closure of the facilities and in increased costs and capital expenditures. 
 
 NEE's and FPL's nuclear generation facilities are subject to environmental, health and financial risks, including, but not limited to, those relating to site storage of spent nuclear fuel, the disposition of spent nuclear fuel, leakage and emissions of tritium and other radioactive elements in the event of a nuclear accident or otherwise, the threat of a terrorist attack or cyber incident and other potential liabilities arising out of the ownership or operation of the facilities. NEE and FPL maintain decommissioning funds and external insurance coverage which are intended to reduce the financial exposure to some of these risks; however, the cost of decommissioning nuclear generation facilities could exceed the amount available in NEE's and FPL's decommissioning funds, and the exposure to liability and property damages could exceed the amount of insurance coverage. If NEE or FPL is unable to recover the additional costs incurred through insurance or, in the case of FPL, through regulatory mechanisms, their business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be materially adversely affected. 
 
 In the event of an incident at any nuclear generation facility in the U.S. or at certain nuclear generation facilities in Europe, NEE and FPL could be assessed significant retrospective assessments and/or retrospective insurance premiums as a result of their participation in a secondary financial protection system and nuclear insurance mutual companies. 
 
 Liability for accidents at nuclear power plants is governed by the Price-Anderson Act, which limits the liability of nuclear reactor owners to the amount of insurance available from both private sources and an industry retrospective payment plan. In accordance with this Act, NEE maintains the maximum amount of private liability insurance obtainable, and participates in a secondary financial protection system, which provides liability insurance coverage for an incident at any nuclear reactor in the U.S. Under the secondary financial protection system, NEE is subject to retrospective assessments and/or retrospective insurance premiums, plus any applicable taxes, for an incident at any nuclear reactor in the U.S. or at certain nuclear generation facilities in Europe, regardless of fault or proximity to the incident. Such assessments, if levied, could materially adversely affect NEE's and FPL's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 NRC orders or new regulations related to increased security measures and any future safety requirements promulgated by the NRC could require NEE and FPL to incur substantial operating and capital expenditures at their nuclear generation facilities and/or result in reduced revenues. 
 
 The NRC has broad authority to impose licensing and safety-related requirements for the operation and maintenance of nuclear generation facilities, the addition of capacity at existing nuclear generation facilities and the construction of new nuclear generation facilities, and these requirements are subject to change. In the event of non-compliance, the NRC has the authority to impose fines and/or shut down a nuclear generation facility, depending upon the NRC's assessment of the severity of the situation, until compliance is achieved. Any of the foregoing events could require NEE and FPL to incur increased costs and capital expenditures, and could reduce revenues. 
 
 Any serious nuclear incident occurring at a NEE or FPL plant could result in substantial remediation costs and other expenses. A major incident at a nuclear facility anywhere in the world could cause the NRC to limit or prohibit the operation or licensing of any domestic nuclear generation facility. An incident at a nuclear facility anywhere in the world also could cause the NRC to impose additional conditions or other requirements on the industry, or on certain types of nuclear generation units, which could increase costs, reduce revenues and result in additional capital expenditures. 
 
 The inability to operate any of NEE's or FPL's nuclear generation units through the end of their respective operating licenses could have a mater ial adverse effect on NEE's and FPL's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 If any of NEE's or FPL's nuclear generation facilities are not operated for any reason through the life of their respective operating licenses, NEE or FPL may be required to increase depreciation rates, incur impairment charges and accelerate future decommissioning expenditures, any of which could materially adversely affect their business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 30 

Table of Contents 

NEE's and FPL's nuclear units are periodically removed from service to accommodate planned refueling and maintenance outages, and for other purposes. If planned outages last longer than anticipated or if there are unplanned outages, NEE's and FPL's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be materially adversely affected. 
 
 NEE's and FPL's nuclear units are periodically removed from service to accommodate planned refueling and maintenance outages, including, but not limited to, inspections, repairs and certain other modifications as well as to replace equipment. In the event that a scheduled outage lasts longer than anticipated or in the event of an unplanned outage due to, for example, equipment failure, such outages could materially adversely affect NEE's or FPL's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 Liquidity, Capital Requirements and Common Stock Risks 
 
 Disruptions, uncertainty or volatility in the credit and capital markets, among other factors, may negatively affect NEE's and FPL's ability to fund their liquidity and capital needs and to meet their growth objectives, and can also materially adversely affect the business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and prospects of NEE and FPL. 
 
 NEE and FPL rely on access to capital and credit markets as significant sources of liquidity for capital requirements and other operations requirements that are not satisfied by operating cash flows. Disruptions, uncertainty or volatility in those capital and credit markets, related to, among others, inflation, rising interest rates, geopolitical events, and the planned phase out of the London Inter-Bank Offered Rate or the reform or replacement of other benchmark rates, could increase NEE's and FPL's cost of capital and affect their ability to fund their liquidity and capital needs and to meet their growth objectives. If NEE or FPL is unable to access regularly the capital and credit markets on terms that are reasonable, it may have to delay raising capital, issue shorter-term securities and incur an unfavorable cost of capital, which, in turn, could adversely affect its ability to grow its business, could contribute to lower earnings and reduced financial flexibility, and could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 Although NEE's competitive energy and certain other subsidiaries have used non-recourse or limited-recourse, project-specific or other financing in the past, market conditions and other factors could adversely affect the future availability of such financing. The inability of NEE's subsidiaries, including, without limitation, NEECH and its subsidiaries, to access the capital and credit markets to provide project-specific or other financing for electric generation or other facilities or acquisitions on favorable terms, whether because of disruptions or volatility in those markets or otherwise, could necessitate additional capital raising or borrowings by NEE and/or NEECH in the future. 
 
 The inability of subsidiaries that have existing project-specific or other financing arrangements to meet the requirements of various agreements relating to those financings, as well as actions by third parties or lenders, could give rise to a project-specific financing default which, if not cured or waived, might result in the specific project, and potentially in some limited instances its parent companies, being required to repay the associated debt or other borrowings earlier than otherwise anticipated, and if such repayment were not made, the lenders or security holders would generally have rights to foreclose against the project assets and related collateral. Such an occurrence also could result in NEE expending additional funds or incurring additional obligations over the shorter term to ensure continuing compliance with project-specific financing arrangements based upon the expectation of improvement in the project's performance or financial returns over the longer term. Any of these actions could materially adversely affect NEE's business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and prospects, as well as the availability or terms of future financings for NEE or its subsidiaries. 
 
 NEE's, NEECH's and FPL's inability to maintain their current credit ratings may materially adversely affect NEE's and FPL's liquidity and results of operations, limit the ability of NEE and FPL to grow their business, and increase interest costs. 
 
 The inability of NEE, NEECH and FPL to maintain their current credit ratings could materially adversely affect their ability to raise capital or obtain credit on favorable terms, which, in turn, could impact NEE's and FPL's ability to grow their business and service indebtedness and repay borrowings, and would likely increase their interest costs. In addition, certain agreements and guarantee arrangements would require posting of additional collateral in the event of a ratings downgrade. Some of the factors that can affect credit ratings are cash flows, liquidity, the amount of debt as a component of total capitalization, NEE's overall business mix and political, legislative and regulatory actions. There can be no assurance that one or more of the ratings of NEE, NEECH and FPL will not be lowered or withdrawn entirely by a rating agency. 
 
 NEE's and FPL's liquidity may be impaired if their credit providers are unable to fund their credit commitments to the companies or to maintain their current credit ratings. 
 
 The inability of NEE's, NEECH's and FPL's credit providers to fund their credit commitments or to maintain their current credit ratings could require NEE, NEECH or FPL, among other things, to renegotiate requirements in agreements, find an alternative credit provider with acceptable credit ratings to meet funding requirements, or post cash collateral and could have a material adverse effect on NEE's and FPL's liquidity. 
 
 31 

Table of Contents 

Poor market performance and other economic factors could affect NEE's defined benefit pension plan's funded status, which may materially adversely affect NEE's and FPL's business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 NEE sponsors a qualified noncontributory defined benefit pension plan for substantially all employees of NEE and its subsidiaries. A decline in the market value of the assets held in the defined benefit pension plan due to poor investment performance or other factors may increase the funding requirements for this obligation. 
 
 NEE's defined benefit pension plan is sensitive to changes in interest rates, since as interest rates decrease, the funding liabilities increase, potentially increasing benefits costs and funding requirements. Any increase in benefits costs or funding requirements may have a material adverse effect on NEE's and FPL's business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 Poor market performance and other economic factors could adversely affect the asset values of NEE's and FPL's nuclear decommissioning funds, which may materially adversely affect NEE's and FPL's business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 NEE and FPL are required to maintain decommissioning funds to satisfy their future obligations to decommission their nuclear power plants. A decline in the market value of the assets held in the decommissioning funds due to poor investment performance or other factors may increase the funding requirements for these obligations. Any increase in funding requirements may have a material adverse effect on NEE's and FPL's business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 Certain of NEE's investments are subject to changes in market value and other risks, which may materially adversely affect NEE's liquidity, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 NEE holds certain investments where changes in the fair value affect NEE's financial results. In some cases there may be no observable market values for these investments, requiring fair value estimates to be based on other valuation techniques. This type of analysis requires significant judgment and the actual values realized in a sale of these investments could differ materially from those estimated. A sale of an investment below previously estimated value, or other decline in the fair value of an investment, could result in losses or the write-off of such investment, and may have a material adverse effect on NEE's liquidity, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 NEE may be unable to meet its ongoing and future financial obligations and to pay dividends on its common stock if its subsidiaries are unable to pay upstream dividends or repay funds to NEE. 
 
 NEE is a holding company and, as such, has no material operations of its own. Substantially all of NEE's consolidated assets are held by its subsidiaries. NEE's ability to meet its financial obligations, including, but not limited to, its guarantees, and to pay dividends on its common stock is primarily dependent on its subsidiaries' net income and cash flows, which are subject to the risks of their respective businesses, and their ability to pay upstream dividends or to repay funds to NEE. 
 
 NEE's subsidiaries are separate legal entities and have no independent obligation to provide NEE with funds for its payment obligations. The subsidiaries have financial obligations, including, but not limited to, payment of debt service, which they must satisfy before they can provide NEE with funds. In addition, in the event of a subsidiary's liquidation or reorganization, NEE's right to participate in a distribution of assets is subject to the prior claims of the subsidiary's creditors. 
 
 The dividend-paying ability of some of the subsidiaries is limited by contractual restrictions which are contained in outstanding financing agreements and which may be included in future financing agreements. The future enactment of laws or regulations also may prohibit or restrict the ability of NEE's subsidiaries to pay upstream dividends or to repay funds. 
 
 NEE may be unable to meet its ongoing and future financial obligations and to pay dividends on its common stock if NEE is required to perform under guarantees of obligations of its subsidiaries. 
 
 NEE guarantees many of the obligations of its consolidated subsidiaries, other than FPL, through guarantee agreements with NEECH. These guarantees may require NEE to provide substantial funds to its subsidiaries or their creditors or counterparties at a time when NEE is in need of liquidity to meet its own financial obligations. Funding such guarantees may materially adversely affect NEE's ability to meet its financial obligations or to pay dividends. 
 
 NEP may not be able to access sources of capital on commercially reasonable terms, which would have a material adverse effect on its ability to consummate future acquisitions and on the value of NEE s limited partner interest in NEP OpCo. 
 
 Through an indirect wholly owned subsidiary, NEE owns a limited partner interest in NEP OpCo. NEP's inability to access capital on commercially reasonable terms and effectively consummate future acquisitions could have a material adverse effect on NEP's ability to grow its cash distributions to its common unitholders, including NEE, and on the value of NEE s limited partnership interest in NEP OpCo. In addition, NEP's issuance of additional common units, securities convertible into NEP common units or 
 32 

Table of Contents 

other securities in connection with acquisitions could cause significant common unitholder dilution and reduce cash distributions to its common unitholders, including NEE, if the acquisitions are not sufficiently accretive. 
 
 Disruptions, uncertainty or volatility in the credit and capital markets may exert downward pressure on the market price of NEE's common stock. 
 
 The market price and trading volume of NEE's common stock are subject to fluctuations as a result of, among other factors, general credit and capital market conditions and changes in market sentiment regarding the operations, business and financing strategies of NEE and its subsidiaries. As a result, disruptions, uncertainty or volatility in the credit and capital markets may, for example, have a material adverse effect on the market price of NEE's common stock. 
 
 Widespread public health crises and epidemics or pandemics may have material adverse impacts on NEE s and FPL's business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 NEE and FPL are subject to the impacts of widespread public health crises, epidemics and pandemics, including, but not limited to, impacts on the global, national or local economy, capital and credit markets, NEE's and FPL's workforce, customers and suppliers. There is no assurance that NEE's and FPL's businesses will be able to operate without material adverse impacts depending on the nature of the public health crisis, epidemic or pandemic. The ultimate severity, duration and impact of public health crises, epidemics and pandemics cannot be predicted. Additionally, there is no assurance that vaccines, or other treatments, are or will be widely available or effective, or that the public will be willing to participate, in an effort to contain the spread of disease. Actions taken in response to such crises by federal, state and local government or regulatory agencies may have a material adverse impact on NEE's and FPL's business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and prospects. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 None 

Item 2. Properties 
 
 See Item 1. Business FPL and Item 1. Business NEER for a description of principal properties. 
 
 Character of Ownership 
 
 Substantially all of FPL's properties are subject to the lien of FPL's mortgage, which secures most debt securities issued by FPL. The majority of FPL's real property is held in fee and is free from other encumbrances, subject to minor exceptions which are not of a nature as to substantially impair the usefulness to FPL of such properties. Some of FPL's electric lines are located on parcels of land which are not owned in fee by FPL but are covered by necessary consents of governmental authorities or rights obtained from owners of private property. Subsidiaries within the NEER segment have ownership interests in entities that own generation facilities, pipeline facilities and transmission assets and a number of those facilities and assets are encumbered by liens securing various financings. Additionally, the majority of NEER's generation facilities, pipeline facilities and transmission lines are located on land under easement, rights-of-way or leased from owners of private property or governmental entities. Se e Note 7 FPL and NEER. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 
 None. With regard to environmental proceedings to which a governmental authority is a party, NEE's and FPL's policy is to disclose any such proceeding if it is reasonably expected to result in monetary sanctions of greater than or equal to 1 million. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 Not applicable 
 
 33 

Table of Contents 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrants' Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 Common Stock Data. All of FPL's common stock is owned by NEE. NEE's common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol "NEE." As of January 31, 2023, there were 14,619 holders of record of NEE's common stock. The amount and timing of dividends payable on NEE's common stock are within the sole discretion of NEE's Board of Directors. The Board of Directors reviews the dividend rate at least annually (generally in February) to determine its appropriateness in light of NEE's financial position and results of operations, legislative and regulatory developments affecting the electric utility industry in general and FPL in particular, competitive conditions, change in business mix and any other factors the Board of Directors deems relevant. In February 2023, NEE announced that it would increase its quarterly dividend on its common stock from 0.425 per share to 0.4675 per share. 
 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. Information regarding purchases made by NEE of its common stock during the three months ended December 31, 2022 is as follows: 
 Period Total 
 Number 
 of Shares 
 Purchased (a) 
 Average Price Paid Per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of a Publicly Announced Program Maximum Number of 
 Shares that May Yet be 
 Purchased Under the 
 Program (b) 
 10/1/22 10/31/22 
 180,000,000 11/1/22 11/30/22 
 6,819 82.91 180,000,000 12/1/22 12/31/22 
 1,549 86.21 180,000,000 Total 8,368 83.52 
 ______________________ 
 (a) Includes: (1) in November 2022, shares of common stock withheld from employees to pay certain withholding taxes upon the vesting of stock awards granted to such employees under the NextEra Energy, Inc. 2021 Long Term Incentive Plan and the NextEra Energy, Inc. Amended and Restated 2011 Long Term Incentive Plan; and (2) in December 2022, shares of common stock purchased by the trustee of a grantor trust to fund a reinvestment of dividends in connection with NEE's obligation under a February 2006 grant under the NextEra Energy, Inc. Amended and Restated Long-Term Incentive Plan to a former executive officer of deferred retirement share awards. 
 (b) In May 2017, NEE's Board of Directors authorized repurchases of up to 45 million shares of common stock (180 million shares after giving effect to the four-for-one stock split of NEE common stock effective October 26, 2020) over an unspecified period. 

Item 6. Reserved 
 
 34 

Table of Contents 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

OVERVIEW 
 
 NEE s operating performance is driven primarily by the operations of its two principal businesses, FPL, which serves approximately 5.8 million customer accounts in Florida and is one of the largest electric utilities in the U.S., and NEER, which together with affiliated entities is the world's largest generator of renewable energy from the wind and sun based on 2022 MWh produced on a net generation basis, as well as a world leader in battery storage . The table below presents net income (loss) attributable to NEE and earnings (loss) per s hare attributable to NEE, assuming dilution, by reportable segment, FPL and NEER. Corporate and Other is primarily comprised of the operating results of other business activities, as well as other income and expense items, including interest expense, and eliminating entries, and may include the net effect of rounding. See Note 16 for additional segment information, including a discussion of a change in segment reporting. The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained herein and all comparisons are with the corresponding items in the prior year. 
 
 Net Income (Loss) Attributable to NEE Earnings (Loss) Per Share Attributable to NEE, Assuming Dilution Years Ended December 31, Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 2022 2021 2020 (millions) FPL (a) 
 3,701 3,206 2,890 1.87 1.63 1.47 NEER (b) 
 285 599 531 0.14 0.30 0.27 Corporate and Other (a) 
 161 (232) (502) 0.09 (0.12) (0.26) NEE 4,147 3,573 2,919 2.10 1.81 1.48 ______________________ 
 (a) FPL's and Corporate and Other's results for 2021 and 2020 were retrospectively adjusted to reflect a segment change. See Note 16. 
 (b) NEER s results reflect an allocation of interest expense from NEECH based on a deemed capital structure of 70 debt and differential membership interests sold by NextEra Energy Resources' subsidiaries. 
 
 For the five years ended December 31, 2022, NEE delivered a total shareholder return of approximately 139.3 , above the S P 500 s 56.9 return, the S P 500 Utilities' 58.0 return and the Dow Jones U.S. Electricity's 56.9 return. The historical stock performance of NEE's common stock shown in the performance graph below is not necessarily indicative of future stock price performance. 

35 

Table of Contents 

Adjusted Earnings 
 
 NEE prepares its financial statements under GAAP. However, management uses earnings adjusted for certain items (adjusted earnings), a non-GAAP financial measure, internally for financial planning, analysis of performance, reporting of results to the Board of Directors and as an input in determining performance-based compensation under NEE s employee incentive compensation plans. NEE also uses adjusted earnings when communicating its financial results and earnings outlook to analysts and investors. NEE s management believes that adjusted earnings provide a more meaningful representation of NEE's fundamental earnings power. Although these amounts are properly reflected in the determination of net income under GAAP, management believes that the amount and/or nature of such items make period to period comparisons of operations difficult and potentially confusing. Adjusted earnings do not represent a substitute for net income, as prepared under GAAP. 
 
 The following table provides details of the after-tax adjustments to net income considered in computing NEE's adjusted earnings discussed above. 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (millions) Net losses associated with non-qualifying hedge activity (a) 
 (696) (1,576) (649) Differential membership interests-related NEER 
 (87) (98) (87) NEP investment gains, net NEER 
 186 27 (94) Gain on disposal of a business NEER (b) 
 274 Change in unrealized gains (losses) on equity securities held in NEER's nuclear decommissioning funds and OTTI, net NEER 
 (324) 199 131 Impairment charges related to investment in Mountain Valley Pipeline NEER (c) 
 (674) (1,208) 
 ______________________ 
 (a) For 2022, 2021 and 2020, approximately 1,257 million, 1,735 million and 438 million of losses, respectively, are included in NEER's net income; the balance is included in Corporate and Other. The change in non-qualifying hedge activity is primarily attributable to changes in forward power and natural gas prices, interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates, as well as the reversal of previously recognized unrealized mark-to-market gains or losses as the underlying transactions were realized. 
 (b) See Note 1 Disposal of Businesses/Assets and Sale of Noncontrolling Ownership Interests for a discussion of the sale of two solar generation facilities in Spain (Spain projects). 
 (c) See Note 4 Nonrecurring Fair Value Measurements for a discussion of the impairment charges in 2022 and 2020 related to the investment in Mountain Valley Pipeline, LLC (Mountain Valley Pipeline). 
 
 NEE segregates into two categories unrealized mark-to-market gains and losses and timing impacts related to derivative transactions. The first category, referred to as non-qualifying hedges, represents certain energy derivative, interest rate derivative and foreign currency transactions entered into as economic hedges, which do not meet the requirements for hedge accounting, or for which hedge accounting treatment is not elected or has been discontinued. Changes in the fair value of those transactions are marked to market and reported in the consolidated statements of income, resulting in earnings volatility because the economic offset to certain of the positions are generally not marked to market. As a consequence, NEE's net income reflects only the movement in one part of economically-linked transactions. For example, a gain (loss) in the non-qualifying hedge category for certain energy derivatives is offset by decreases (increases) in the fair value of related physical asset positions in the portfolio or contracts, which are not marked to market under GAAP. For this reason, NEE's management views results expressed excluding the impact of the non-qualifying hedges as a meaningful measure of current period performance. The second category, referred to as trading activities, which is included in adjusted earnings, represents the net unrealized effect of actively traded positions entered into to take advantage of expected market price movements and all other commodity hedging activities. At FPL, substantially all changes in the fair value of energy derivative transactions are deferred as a regulatory asset or liability until the contracts are settled, and, upon settlement, any gains or losses are passed through the fuel clause. See Note 3. 
 
 2022 Summary 
 
 Net income attributable to NEE for 2022 was higher than 2021 by 574 million, or 0.29 per share, assuming dilution, due to higher results at FPL and Corporate and Other, partly offset by lower results at NEER. 
 
 FPL's net income increased by 495 million in 2022 primarily driven by continued investments in plant in service and other property. 
 
 NEER's results decreased in 2022 primarily driven by the impairment charges related to its investment in Mountain Valley Pipeline and unfavorable changes in the fair value of equity securities in NEER's nuclear decommissioning funds compared to favorable changes in 2021, partly offset by favorable non-qualifying hedge activity compared to 2021 and higher gains on disposal of businesses/assets net. In 2022, NEER added approximately 2,850 MW of new wind generating capacity and 887 MW of solar generating capacity, repowered 239 MW of wind generating capacity and increased its backlog of contracted renewable development projects. 
 
 Corporate and Other's results in 2022 increased primarily due to favorable non-qualifying hedge activity. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

NEE and its subsidiaries require funds to support and grow their businesses. These funds are primarily provided by cash flows from operations, borrowings or issuances of short- and long-term debt, proceeds from differential membership investors, sales of assets to NEP or third parties and, from time to time, issuances of equity securities. See Liquidity and Capital Resources Liquidity. 
 
 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 Net income attributable to NEE for 2022 was 4.15 billion compared to 3.57 billion in 2021. In 2022, net income attributable to NEE increased primarily due to higher results at FPL and Corporate and Other, partly offset by lower results at NEER. The comparison of the results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 are included in Management's Discussion in NEE's and FPL's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 . 
 
 In October 2021, subsidiaries of NextEra Energy Resources completed the sale to a NEP subsidiary of their 100 ownership interests in three wind generation facilities and one solar generation facility with a total generating capacity of 467 MW and 33.3 of the noncontrolling ownership interests in four solar generation facilities and multiple distributed generation solar facilities representing a total net generating capacity of 122 MW. In December 2021, subsidiaries of NextEra Energy Resources sold their 100 ownership interest in a portfolio of seven wind generation facilities and six solar generation facilities representing a total generating capacity of 2,520 MW and 115 MW of battery storage capacity, three of which were under construction and achieved commercial operations in the first quarter of 2022. In September 2022, subsidiaries of NextEra Energy Resources completed the sale to a NEP subsidiary of a 67 controlling ownership interest in a battery storage facility with storage capacity of 230 MW. In December 2022, subsidiaries of NextEra Energy Resources sold (i) a 49 controlling ownership interest in three wind generation facilities and one solar plus battery facility with a total generating capacity of 1,437 MW and 65 MW of battery storage capacity, two of which facilities are currently under construction with expected in service dates in 2023, and (ii) their 100 ownership interest in three wind generation facilities with a total generating capacity of 347 MW to a NEP subsidiary. See Note 1 Disposal of Businesses/Assets and Sale of Noncontrolling Ownership Interests. 
 
 In March 2021, a wholly owned subsidiary of NEET acquired GridLiance Holdco, LP and GridLiance GP, LLC (GridLiance), which owns and operates three FERC-regulated transmission utilities across six states, five in the Midwest and Nevada. See Note 6 GridLiance. 
 
 In October 2022, a wholly owned subsidiary of NextEra Energy Resources entered into several agreements to acquire 100 of a portfolio of renewable energy projects as well as the related service provider. See Note 6 RNG Acquisition. 
 
 NEE's effective income tax rates for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were approximately 15 and 11 , respectively. The rates for both years reflect the impact of PTCs and ITCs. See Note 5. In August 2022, the IRA was enacted which significantly expanded tax incentives for clean energy (see Item 1. Business NEER Clean Energy and Other Operations Clean Energy Policy Incentives for Renewable Energy Projects and Note 5). 
 
 On January 1, 2021, FPL and Gulf Power Company merged, with FPL as the surviving entity. However, during 2021, FPL continued to be regulated as two separate ratemaking entities in the former service areas of FPL and Gulf Power Company. Effective January 1, 2022, FPL became regulated as one electric ratemaking entity with new unified rates and tariffs, and also became one reportable segment of NEE. See Item 1. Business FPL FPL Regulation FPL Electric Rate Regulation Base Rates Base Rates Effective January 2022 through December 2025. As a result, the previous segments known as the FPL segment and Gulf Power are no longer separate reportable segments. See Note 16. 
 
 NEE, including FPL, is monitoring solar supply chain disruptions from Southeast Asian locations and is taking steps intended to mitigate potential risks to their solar project development and construction activities. To date, there has been no material impact on NEE's or FPL's operations or financial performance as a result of these activities. 
 
 FPL: Results of Operations 
 
 FPL obtains its operating revenues primarily from the sale of electricity to retail customers at rates established by the FPSC through b ase rates and cost recovery clause mechanisms. FPL s net income for 2022 and 2021 was 3,701 million and 3,206 million, respectively, representing an increase of 495 million. The increase was primarily driven by higher earnings from investments in plant in service and other property. Such investments grew FPL's average rate base by approximately 5.6 billion in 2022 and reflect, among other things, the addition of the 1,246 MW Dania Beach Clean Energy Center which was placed in service on May 31, 2022, solar generation additions and ongoing transmission and distribution additions. 
 
 During 2022, FPL's service area was impacted by Hurricane Ian and Hurricane Nicole, and FPL incurred total recoverable storm restoration costs of approximately 1.3 billion. In January 2023, FPL filed a petition with the FPSC requesting the recovery of eligible storm restoration costs over the storm reserve amount plus an amount to replenish the storm reserve through an interim surcharge. See Note 1 Storm Funds, Storm Reserves and Storm Cost Recovery. 
 
 37 

Table of Contents 

The use of reserve amortization is permitted by the 2021 rate agreement and was also permitted by the 2016 rate agreement. See Item 1. Business FPL FPL Regulation FPL Electric Rate Regulation Base Rates Base Rates Effective January 2022 through December 2025 and Base Rates Effective January 2017 through December 2021 for additional information on these rate agreements. In order to earn a targeted regulatory ROE, subject to limitations associated with the 2021 and 2016 rate agreements, reserve amortization is calculated using a trailing thirteen-month average of retail rate base and capital structure in conjunction with the trailing twelve months regulatory retail base net operating income, which primarily includes the retail base portion of base and other revenues, net of O M, depreciation and amortization, interest and tax expenses. In general, the net impact of these income statement line items must be adjusted, in part, by reserve amortization to earn the targeted regulatory ROE. In certain periods, reserve amortization is reversed so as not to exceed the targeted regulatory ROE. The drivers of FPL's net income not reflected in the reserve amortization calculation typically include wholesale and transmission service revenues and expenses, cost recovery clause revenues and expenses, AFUDC equity and revenue and costs not recoverable from retail customers. In 2022 and 2021, FPL recorded a one-time reserve amortization adjustment of approximately 114 million, discussed under Depreciation and Amortization Expense below, and reserve amortization of 429 million, respectively. FPL's regulatory ROE for 2022 and for 2021 was approximately 11.74 and 11.60 , respectively. 
 
 In December 2021, the FPSC issued a final order approving the 2021 rate agreement which became effective in January 2022 and will remain in effect until at least December 2025, establishes FPL's allowed regulatory ROE, and allows for retail rate base increases in 2022 and 2023. On February 8, 2023, the Florida Supreme Court heard oral argument on the appeal of the FPSC's final order regarding the 2021 rate agreement by Floridians Against Increased Rates, Inc. and, as a group, Florida Rising, Inc., Environmental Confederation of Southwest Florida, Inc. and League of United Latin American Citizens of Florida. See Note 1 Rate Regulation. 
 
 During 2022, operating revenues increased 3,180 million primarily related to higher fuel cost recovery revenues as discussed in cost recovery clauses below. 
 
 Retail Base 
 
 FPL s retail base revenues for 2022 reflect the 2021 rate agreement and for 2021 reflect the 2016 rate agreement. Retail base revenues increased approximately 898 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 primarily related to new retail base rates under the 2021 rate agreement. Retail revenues were also impacted by an increase of approximately 1.5 in the average usage per retail customer, primarily related to favorable weather when compared to the prior year, and an increase of 1.5 in the average number of customer accounts. See Note 1 Rate Regulation. 
 
 Cost Recovery Clauses 
 
 Revenues from fuel and other cost recovery clauses and pass-through costs, such as franchise fees, revenue taxes and storm-related surcharges, are largely a pass-through of costs. Such revenues also include a return on investment allowed to be recovered through the cost recovery clauses on certain assets, primarily related to certain solar, environmental projects, storm protection plan investments and the unamortized balance of the regulatory asset associated with FPL's acquisition of certain generation facilities. See Item 1. Business FPL FPL Regulation FPL Electric Rate Regulation Cost Recovery Clauses. Under-recovery or over-recovery of cost recovery clause and other pass-through costs (deferred clause and franchise expenses and revenues) can significantly affect NEE's and FPL's operating cash flows. The 2022 net under-recovery impacting FPL's operating cash flows was approximately 1,465 million, primarily related to the fuel cost recovery clause. 
 
 Fuel cost recovery revenues increased approximately 1,716 million in 2022 primarily as a result of higher fuel and energy prices. The increase in operating revenues in 2022 also reflects higher other revenues of approximately 566 million primarily related to increases in cost recovery clause revenue from storm protection plan and environmental, franchise fees and gross receipts taxes. In 2022 and 2021, cost recovery clauses contributed approximately 261 million and 188 million, respectively, to FPL s net income. In January 2023, FPL filed with the FPSC to recover approximately 2.1 billion of under-recovered fuel costs incurred in 2022. See Note 1 Rate Regulation. 
 
 Other Items Impacting FPL's Consolidated Statements of Income 
 
 Fuel, Purchase Power and Interchange Expense 
 Fuel, purchased power and interchange expense increased 1,732 million in 2022 primarily related to higher fuel and energy prices. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

Depreciation and Amortization Expense 
 The major components of FPL s depreciation and amortization expense are as follows: 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (millions) Reserve amortization recorded under the 2021 and 2016 rate agreements (429) One-time reserve adjustment recorded under the 2021 rate agreement (114) Other depreciation and amortization recovered under base rates (excluding reserve amortization) and other 
 2,404 2,340 Depreciation and amortization primarily recovered under cost recovery clauses and securitized storm-recovery cost amortization 
 405 355 Total 2,695 2,266 
 
 Depreciation expense increased 429 million during 2022 primarily reflecting the absence of reserve amortization recorded in 2021. In 2022, FPL recorded a one-time reserve amortization adjustment of approximately 114 million as required under the 2021 rate agreement, 50 of which was used to reduce the capital recovery regulatory asset balance and the other 50 to increase the storm reserve regulatory liability. Reserve amortization, or reversal of such amortization, reflects adjustments to accrued asset removal costs provided under the 2021 and 2016 rate agreements in order to achieve the targeted regulatory ROE. Reserve amortization is recorded as either an increase or decrease to accrued asset removal costs which is reflected in noncurrent regulatory assets on NEE's and FPL's consolidated balance sheets. At December 31, 2022, 1,450 million of reserve amortization remains available under the 2021 rate agreement. 
 
 NEER: Results of Operations 
 
 NEER owns, develops, constructs, manages and operates electric generation facilities in wholesale energy markets in the U.S. and Canada and also includes assets and investments in other businesses with a clean energy focus, such as battery storage and renewable fuels. NEER also provides full energy and capacity requirements services, engages in power and fuel marketing and trading activities, owns, develops, constructs and operates rate-regulated transmission facilities and transmission lines and invests in natural gas, natural gas liquids and oil production and pipeline infrastructure assets. NEER s net income less net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests for 2022 and 2021 was 285 million and 599 million, respectively, resulting in a de crease in 2022 of 314 million. The primary drivers, on an after-tax basis, of the change are in the following table. 
 
 Increase (Decrease) From Prior Period Year Ended December 31, 2022 (millions) New investments (a) 
 85 Existing clean energy (a) 
 45 Gas infrastructure (a) 
 (32) Customer supply and proprietary power and gas trading (b) 
 241 NEET (a) 
 13 Other, including interest expense, corporate general and administrative expenses and other investment income (106) Change in non-qualifying hedge activity (c) 
 478 Change in unrealized gains/losses on equity securities held in nuclear decommissioning funds and OTTI, net (c) 
 (523) NEP investment gains, net (c) 
 159 Impairment charges related to investment in Mountain Valley Pipeline (c)(d) 
 (674) Change in net income less net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests (314) ______________________ 
 (a) Reflects after-tax project contributions, including the net effect of deferred income taxes and other benefits associated with PTCs and ITCs for wind, solar and storage projects, as applicable (see Note 1 Income Taxes and Sales of Differential Membership Interests and Note 5), but excludes allocation of interest expense and corporate general and administrative expenses. Results from projects, pipelines and rate-regulated transmission facilities and transmission lines are included in new investments during the first twelve months of operation or ownership. Project results, including repowered wind projects, are included in existing clean energy, pipeline results are included in gas infrastructure and rate-regulated transmission facilities and transmission lines are included in NEET beginning with the thirteenth month of operation or ownership. 
 (b) Excludes allocation of interest expense and corporate general and administrative expenses. 
 (c) See Overview Adjusted Earnings for additional information. 
 (d) See Note 4 Nonrecurring Fair Value Measurements for a discussion of the first quarter 2022 impairment charge related to the investment in Mountain Valley Pipeline. 
 
 39 

Table of Contents 

Customer Supply and Proprietary Power and Gas Trading 
 In 2022, results from customer supply and proprietary power and gas trading increased primarily due to higher margins. 
 
 Other Factors 
 Supplemental to the primary drivers of the changes in NEER's results discussed above, the discussion below describes changes in certain line items set forth in NEE's consolidated statements of income as they relate to NEER. 
 
 Operating Revenues 
 Operating revenues for 2022 increased 667 million primarily due to: 
 net increases in revenues of approximately 382 million from the customer supply, proprietary power and gas trading, and gas infrastructure businesses, 
 revenues from new investments of 256 million, and 
 higher revenues from existing clean energy assets of 114 million primarily due to higher wind revenues as compared to the prior year which was impacted by severe prolonged winter weather in Texas in February 2021 (February 2021 weather event), 
 partly offset by, 
 the impact of non-qualifying commodity hedges due primarily to changes in energy prices 2,670 million of losses during 2022 compared to 2,510 million of losses for 2021). 
 
 Operating Expenses net 
 Operating expenses net for 2022 increased 706 million primarily due to increases of 362 million in O M expenses, 146 million in depreciation expense and 138 million in fuel, purchased power and interchange expenses. The increases were primarily associated with growth across the NEER businesses, partly offset by lower bad debt expense associated with the February 2021 weather event (see Note 1 Credit Losses). 
 
 Gains on Disposal of Businesses/Assets net 
 In 2022, gains on disposal of businesses/assets net primarily relate to the sale of ownership interests in wind, solar and battery storage projects to NEP and the resolution of a contingency related to the December 2021 sale of ownership interests in wind and solar projects. In 2021, the amount was primarily related to the sales of ownership interests in wind and solar projects to NEP and a third party. See Note 1 Disposal of Businesses/Assets and Sale of Noncontrolling Ownership Interests. 
 
 Interest Expense 
 NEER's interest expense for 2022 decreased 239 million primarily reflecting 323 million of favorable impacts related to changes in the fair value of interest rate derivative instruments, partly offset by higher interest expense primarily due to higher debt balances. 
 
 Equity in Earnings (Losses) of Equity Method Investees 
 NEER recognized 202 million of equity in earnings of equity method investees in 2022 compared to 666 million of equity in earnings of equity method investees for the prior year. The decrease in 2022 primarily reflects an impairment charge related to the investment in Mountain Valley Pipeline of approximately 0.8 billion recorded in the first quarter of 2022 (see Note 4 Nonrecurring Fair Value Measurements), partly offset by an increase in equity in earnings of NEP recorded in 2022 primarily due to changes in the fair value of interest rate derivative instruments. 
 
 Change in Unrealized Gains (Losses) on Equity Securities Held in NEER's Nuclear Decommissioning Funds net 
 In 2022, the changes in the fair value of equity securities in NEER's nuclear decommissioning funds related to unfavorable market conditions in 2022 compared to the prior year. 
 
 Tax Credits, Benefits and Expenses 
 PTCs from wind and solar projects and ITCs from solar, battery storage and certain wind projects are included in NEER s earnings. PTCs are recognized as wind and solar energy is generated and sold based on a per kWh rate prescribed in applicable federal and state statutes. Reflected in income taxes in NEE's consolidated statements of income are PTCs totaling approximately 82 million and 90 million and ITCs totaling 126 million and 237 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively. See Note 1 Income Taxes for a discussion of PTCs and ITCs and Note 5. 
 
 Corporate and Other: Results of Operations 
 
 Corporate and Other is primarily comprised of the operating res ults of other business activities, as well as corporate interest income and expenses. Corporate and Other allocates a portion of NEECH's corporate interest expense to NextEra Energy Resources. Interest expense is allocated based on a deemed capital structure of 70 debt and differential membership interests sold by NextEra Energy Resources' subsidiaries. 
 
 Corporate and Other's results increased 393 million during 2022 primarily due to favorable after-tax impacts of approximately 402 million, as compared to the prior year, related to non-qualifying hedge activity as a result of changes in the fair value of interest rate derivative instruments. 
 
 40 

Table of Contents 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 
 NEE and its subsidiaries require funds to support and grow their businesses. These funds are used for, among other things, working capital (see Note 1 Rate Regulation regarding FPL's under-recovered fuel costs in 2022 and Note 1 Storm Funds, Storm Reserves and Storm Cost Recovery ), capital expenditures (see Note 15 Commitments), investments in or acquisitions of assets and businesses (see Note 6), payment of maturing debt and related derivative obligations (see Note 13 and Note 3) and, from time to time, redemption or repurchase of outstanding debt or equity securities. It is anticipated that these requirements will be satisfied through a combination of cash flows from operations, short- and long-term borrowings, the issuance of short- and long-term debt and, from time to time, equity securities, proceeds from differential membership investors and sales of assets to NEP or third parties (see Note 1 Disposal of Businesses/Assets and Sale of Noncontrolling Ownership Interests) , consistent with NEE s and FPL s objective of maintaining, on a long-term basis, a capital structure that will support a strong investment grade credit rating. NEE, FPL and NEECH rely on access to credit and capital markets as significant sources of liquidity for capital requirements and other operations that are not satisfied by operating cash flows. The inability of NEE, FPL and NEECH to maintain their current credit ratings could affect their ability to raise short- and long-term capital, their cost of capital and the execution of their respective financing strategies, and could require the posting of additional collateral under certain agreements. 
 
 In October 2015, NEE authorized a program to purchase, from time to time, up to 150 million of common units representing limited partner interests in NEP. Under the program, purchases may be made in amounts, at prices and at such times as NEE or its subsidiaries deem appropriate, all subject to market conditions and other considerations. The purchases may be made in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions. Any purchases will be made in such quantities, at such prices, in such manner and on such terms and conditions as determined by NEE or its subsidiaries in their discretion, based on factors such as market and business conditions, applicable legal requirements and other factors. The common unit purchase program does not require NEE to acquire any specific number of common units and may be modified or terminated by NEE at any time. The purpose of the program is not to cause NEP s common units to be delisted from the New York Stock Exchange or to cause the common units to be deregistered with the SEC. As of December 31, 2022, the dollar value of units that may yet be purchased by NEE under this program was 114 million. At December 31, 2022, NEE owned a noncontrolling general partner interest in NEP and beneficially owned approximately 54.4 of NEP s voting power. 
 
 41 

Table of Contents 

Cash Flows 
 
 NEE's sources and uses of cash for 2022, 2021 and 2020 were as follows: 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (millions) Sources of cash: Cash flows from operating activities 8,262 7,553 7,983 Issuances of long-term debt, including premiums and discounts 13,856 16,683 12,404 Proceeds from differential membership investors 4,158 2,779 3,522 Sale of independent power and other investments of NEER 1,564 2,761 1,012 Issuances of common stock/equity units net 1,460 14 Net increase in commercial paper and other short-term debt 957 Payments from related parties under a cash sweep and credit support agreement net 240 47 Proceeds from sale of noncontrolling interests 65 501 Other sources net 
 89 40 83 Total sources of cash 30,586 29,942 25,505 Uses of cash: Capital expenditures, independent power and other investments and nuclear fuel purchases (19,283) (16,077) (14,610) Retirements of long-term debt (4,525) (9,594) (6,103) Net decrease in commercial paper and other short-term debt (426) (907) Payments to related parties under a cash sweep and credit support agreement net (2) Issuances of common stock/equity units net (92) Dividends (3,352) (3,024) (2,743) Other uses net 
 (1,294) (1,052) (590) Total uses of cash (28,454) (30,173) (25,047) Effects of currency translation on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash (7) 1 (20) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 2,125 (230) 438 
 
 For significant financing activity that occurred in February 2023, see Note 13. 
 
 NEE's primary capital requirements are for expanding and enhancing FPL's electric system and generation facilities to continue to provide reliable service to meet customer electricity demands and for funding NEER's investments in independent power and other projects. See Note 15 Commitments for estimated capital expenditures in 2023 through 2027. 
 
 The following table provides a summary of capital investments for 2022 , 2021 and 2020 . 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (millions) FPL: Generation: New 
 2,079 1,046 1,681 Existing 
 1,804 1,531 1,266 Transmission and distribution 4,553 4,495 3,536 Nuclear fuel 118 159 203 General and other 581 878 737 Other, primarily change in accrued property additions and exclusion of AFUDC equity 
 50 (539) 256 Total 
 9,185 7,570 7,679 NEER: Wind 3,481 3,777 3,359 Solar (includes solar plus battery storage projects) 2,869 2,011 1,920 Other clean energy 827 332 168 Nuclear, including nuclear fuel 214 241 125 Natural gas pipelines 236 229 269 Other gas infrastructure 1,215 669 572 Rate-regulated transmission (2021 includes the acquisition of Gridliance, see Note 6 Gridliance) 431 980 360 Other 372 124 120 Total 
 9,645 8,363 6,893 Corporate and Other 453 144 38 Total capital expenditures, independent power and other investments and nuclear fuel purchases 19,283 16,077 14,610 
 42 

Table of Contents 

Liquidity 
 
 At December 31, 2022, NEE's total net available liquidity was approximately 12.5 billion. The table below provides the components of FPL's and NEECH's net available liquidity at December 31, 2022. 
 Maturity Date FPL NEECH Total FPL NEECH (millions) Syndicated revolving credit facilities (a)(b) 
 3,798 6,257 10,055 2023 2027 
 2023 2027 
 Issued letters of credit (3) (1,035) (1,038) 3,795 5,222 9,017 Bilateral revolving credit facilities (c) 
 680 2,850 3,530 2023 2025 
 2023 2024 
 Borrowings 680 2,850 3,530 Letter of credit facilities (d) 
 3,350 3,350 2023 2025 Issued letters of credit (2,665) (2,665) 685 685 Bilateral revolving credit and letter of credit facilities (e) 
 1,000 1,000 2023 Borrowings Issued letters of credit 1,000 1,000 Subtotal 4,475 9,757 14,232 Cash and cash equivalents 25 1,575 1,600 Commercial paper and other short-term borrowings outstanding (1,909) (1,168) (3,077) Amounts due to related parties under the CSCS agreement (see Note 8) (298) (298) Net available liquidity 2,591 9,866 12,457 
 ______________________ 
 a) Provide for the funding of loans up to the amount of the credit facility and the issuance of letters of credit up to 2,525 million 650 million for FPL and 1,875 million for NEECH). The entire amount of the credit facilities is available for general corporate purposes and to provide additional liquidity in the event of a loss to the companies or their subsidiaries operating facilities (including, in the case of FPL, a transmission and distribution property loss). FPL s syndicated revolving credit facilities are also available to support the purchase of 1,334 million of pollution control, solid waste disposal and industrial development revenue bonds in the event they are tendered by individual bondholders and not remarketed prior to maturity as well as the repayment of approximately 1,327 million of floating rate notes in the event an individual noteholder requires repayment at specified dates prior to maturity. Approximately 3,130 million of FPL's and 3,844 million of NEECH's syndicated revolving credit facilities expire in 2027, respectively. 
 (b) In February 2023, FPL and NEECH updated the capacity and extended the maturity date for a portion of their syndicated credit facilities resulting in total capacity under their syndicated credit facilities of 3,420 million and 10,739 million, respectively, with maturity dates ranging from 2025 2028 and 2024 2028, respectively. 
 (c) Only available for the funding of loans. In February 2023, NEECH reduced its capacity under bilateral revolving credit facilities to 900 million. 
 (d) Only available for the issuance of letters of credit. 
 (e) Provide for the funding of loans and issuance of letters of credit up to an aggregate total of the amount of each credit facility. 
 
 Approximately 75 banks, located globally, participate in FPL s and NEECH s revolving credit facilities, with no one bank providing more than 5 o f the combined revolving credit facilities. Pursuant to a 1998 guarantee agreement, NEE guarantees the payment of NEECH s debt obligations under its revolving credit facilities. In order for FPL or NEECH to borrow or to have letters of credit issued under the terms of their respective revolving credit facilities and, also for NEECH, its letter of credit facilities, FPL, in the case of FPL, and NEE, in the case of NEECH, are required, among other things, to maintain a ratio of funded debt to total capitalization that does not exceed a stated ratio. The FPL and NEECH revolving credit facilities also contain default and related acceleration provisions relating to, among other things, failure of FPL and NEE, as the case may be, to maintain the respective ratio of funded debt to total capitalization at or below the specified ratio. At December 31, 2022, each of NEE and FPL was in compliance with its required ratio. 
 
 Capital Support 
 
 Guarantees, Letters of Credit, Surety Bonds and Indemnifications (Guarantee Arrangements) 
 Certain subsidiaries of NEE issue guarantees and obtain letters of credit and surety bonds, as well as provide indemnities, to facilitate commercial transactions with third parties and financings. Substantially all of the guarantee arrangements are on behalf of NEE s consolidated subsidiaries, as discussed in more detail below. See Note 8 regarding guarantees of obligations on behalf of NEP subsidiaries. NEE is not required to recognize liabilities associated with guarantee arrangements issued on behalf of its consolidated subsidiaries unless it becomes probable that they will be required to perform. At December 31, 2022, NEE believes that there is no material exposure related to these guarantee arrangements. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

NEE subsidiaries issue guarantees related to equity contribution agreements and engineering, procurement and construction agreements, associated with the development, construction and financing of certain power generation facilities and a natural gas pipeline project under construction, as well as a related natural gas transportation agreement. Commitments associated with these activities are included and/or disclosed in the contracts table in Note 15. 
 
 In addition, at December 31, 2022, NEE subsidiaries had approximately 5.5 billion in guarantees related to obligations under PPAs, nuclear-related activities, payment obligations related to PTCs, support for NEER's retail electricity provider activities, as well as other types of contractual obligations (see Note 4 Contingent Consideration and Note 15 Commitments). 
 
 In some instances, subsidiaries of NEE elect to issue guarantees instead of posting other forms of collateral required under certain financing arrangements, as well as for other project-level cash management activities. At December 31, 2022, these guarantees totaled approximately 636 million and support, among other things, cash management activities, including those related to debt service and operations and maintenance service agreements, as well as other specific project financing requirements. 
 
 Subsidiaries of NEE also issue guarantees to support customer supply and proprietary power and gas trading activities, including the buying and selling of wholesale energy commodities. At December 31, 2022, the estimated mark-to-market exposure (the total amount that these subsidiaries of NEE could be required to fund based on energy commodity market prices at December 31, 2022) plus contract settlement net payables, net of collateral posted for obligations under these guarantees totaled approximately 3.4 billion. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, subsidiaries of NEE also had approximately 5.4 billion of standby letters of credit and approximately 1.1 billion of surety bonds to support certain of the commercial activities discussed above. FPL's and NEECH's credit facilities are available to support substantially all of the standby letters of credit. 
 
 In addition, as part of contract negotiations in the normal course of business, certain subsidiaries of NEE have agreed and in the future may agree to make payments to compensate or indemnify other parties, including those associated with asset divestitures, for possible unfavorable financial consequences resulting from specified events. The specified events may include, but are not limited to, an adverse judgment in a lawsuit, or the imposition of additional taxes due to a change in tax law or interpretations of the tax law. NEE is unable to estimate the maximum potential amount of future payments by its subsidiaries under some of these contracts because events that would obligate them to make payments have not yet occurred or, if any such event has occurred, they have not been notified of its occurrence. 
 
 NEECH, a 100 owned subsidiary of NEE, provides funding for, and holds ownership interests in, NEE's operating subsidiaries other than FPL. NEE has fully and unconditionally guaranteed certain payment obligations of NEECH, including most of its debt and all of its debentures registered pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933 and commercial paper issuances, as well as most of its payment guarantees and indemnifications, and NEECH has guaranteed certain debt and other obligations of subsidiaries within the NEER segment. Certain guarantee arrangements described above contain requirements for NEECH and FPL to maintain a specified credit rating. For a discussion of credit rating downgrade triggers, see Credit Ratings below. 
 
 NEE fully and unconditionally guarantees NEECH debentures pursuant to a guarantee agreement, dated as of June 1, 1999 (1999 guarantee) and NEECH junior subordinated debentures pursuant to an indenture, dated as of September 1, 2006 (2006 guarantee). The 1999 guarantee is an unsecured obligation of NEE and ranks equally and ratably with all other unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness of NEE. The 2006 guarantee is unsecured and subordinate and junior in right of payment to NEE senior indebtedness (as defined therein). No payment on those junior subordinated debentures may be made under the 2006 guarantee until all NEE senior indebtedness has been paid in full in certain circumstances. NEE s and NEECH s ability to meet their financial obligations are primarily dependent on their subsidiaries net income, cash flows and their ability to pay upstream dividends or to repay funds to NEE and NEECH. The dividend-paying ability of some of the subsidiaries is limited by contractual restrictions which are contained in outstanding financing agreements. 
 
 44 

Table of Contents 

Summarized financial information of NEE and NEECH is as follows: 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Issuer/Guarantor Combined (a) 
 NEECH Consolidated (b) 
 NEE Consolidated (b) 
 (millions) Operating revenues (16) 3,848 20,956 Operating income (loss) (339) (978) 4,081 Net income (loss) 150 (453) 3,246 Net income (loss) attributable to NEE/NEECH 150 448 4,147 
 
 December 31, 2022 Issuer/Guarantor Combined (a) 
 NEECH Consolidated (b) 
 NEE Consolidated (b) 
 (millions) Total current assets 376 8,087 13,490 Total noncurrent assets 2,861 64,766 145,445 Total current liabilities 5,922 18,840 26,695 Total noncurrent liabilities 29,223 44,724 82,804 Redeemable noncontrolling interests 1,110 1,110 Noncontrolling interests 9,097 9,097 
 ______________________ 
 (a) Excludes intercompany transactions, and investments in, and equity in earnings of, subsidiaries. 
 (b) Information has been prepared on the same basis of accounting as NEE's consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Shelf Registration 
 In March 2021, NEE, NEECH and FPL filed a shelf registration statement with the SEC for an unspecified amount of securities, which became effective upon filing. The amount of securities issuable by the companies is established from time to time by their respective boards of directors. Securities that may be issued under the registration statement include, depending on the registrant, senior debt securities, subordinated debt securities, junior subordinated debentures, first mortgage bonds, common stock, preferred stock, depositary shares, stock purchase contracts, stock purchase units, warrants and guarantees related to certain of those securities. 
 
 45 

Table of Contents 

Credit Ratings 
 
 NEE s liquidity, ability to access credit and capital markets, cost of borrowings and collateral posting requirements under certain agreements is dependent on its and its subsidiaries credit ratings. At February 17, 2023, Moody s Investors Service, Inc. (Moody s), S P Global Ratings (S P) and Fitch Ratings, Inc. (Fitch) had assigned the following credit ratings to NEE, FPL and NEECH: 
 Moody's (a) 
 S P (a) 
 Fitch (a) 
 NEE: (b) 
 Corporate credit rating 
 Baa1 A- A- FPL: (b) 
 Corporate credit rating 
 A1 A A First mortgage bonds 
 Aa2 A+ AA- Senior unsecured notes 
 A1 A A+ Pollution control, solid waste disposal and industrial development revenue bonds (c) 
 VMIG-1/P-1 A-1 F1 Commercial paper 
 P-1 A-1 F1 NEECH: (b) 
 Corporate credit rating 
 Baa1 A- A- Debentures 
 Baa1 BBB+ A- Junior subordinated debentures 
 Baa2 BBB BBB Commercial paper 
 P-2 A-2 F2 
 _________________________ 
 (a) A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and should be evaluated independently of any other rating. The rating is subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating organization. 
 (b) The outlook indicated by each of Moody's, S P and Fitch is stable. 
 (c) Short-term ratings are presented as substantially all bonds outstanding are currently paying a short-term interest rate. At FPL's election, a portion or all of the bonds may be adjusted to a long-term interest rate. 
 
 NEE and its subsidiaries have no credit rating downgrade triggers that would accelerate the maturity dates of outstanding debt. A change in ratings is not an event of default under applicable debt instruments, and while there are conditions to drawing on the credit facilities noted above, the maintenance of a specific minimum credit rating is not a condition to drawing on these credit facilities. 
 
 Commitment fees and interest rates on loans under these credit facilities agreements are tied to credit ratings. A ratings downgrade also could reduce the accessibility and increase the cost of commercial paper and other short-term debt issuances and borrowings and additional or replacement credit facilities. In addition, a ratings downgrade could result in, among other things, the requirement that NEE subsidiaries post collateral under certain agreements and guarantee arrangements, including, but not limited to, those related to fuel procurement, power sales and purchases, nuclear decommissioning funding, debt-related reserves and trading activities. FPL s and NEECH s credit facilities are available to support these potential requirements. 
 
 Covenants 
 
 NEE's charter does not limit the dividends that may be paid on its common stock. As a practical matter, the ability of NEE to pay dividends on its common stock is dependent upon, among other things, dividends paid to it by its subsidiaries. For example, FPL pays dividends to NEE in a manner consistent with FPL's long-term targeted capital structure. However, the mortgage securing FPL's first mortgage bonds contains provisions which, under certain conditions, restrict the payment of dividends to NEE and the issuance of additional first mortgage bonds. Additionally, in some circumstances, the mortgage restricts the amount of retained earnings that FPL can use to pay cash dividends on its common stock. The restricted amount may change based on factors set out in the mortgage. Other than this restriction on the payment of common stock dividends, the mortgage does not restrict FPL's use of retained earnings. At December 31, 2022, no retained earnings were restricted by these provisions of the mortgage and, in light of FPL's current financial condition and level of earnings, management does not expect that planned financing activities or dividends would be affected by these limitations. 
 
 FPL may issue first mortgage bonds under its mortgage subject to its meeting an adjusted net earnings test set forth in the mortgage, wh ich generally requires adjusted net earnings to be at least twice the annual interest requirements on, or at least 10 of the aggregate principal amount of, FPL s first mortgage bonds including those to be issued and any other non-junior FPL indebtedness. At December 31, 2022, coverage for the 12 months ended December 31, 2022 would have been approximately 9.4 times the annual interest requirements and approximately 3.9 times the aggregate principal requirements. New first mortgage bonds are also limited to an amount equal to the sum of 60 of unfunded property additions after adjustments to offset property retirements, the amount of retired first mortgage bonds or qualified lien bonds and the amount of cash on deposit with the mortgage trustee. At December 31, 2022, FPL could have issued in excess of 33.6 billion of additional first mortgage bonds based on the unfunded property additions and retired first mortgage bonds. At December 31, 2022, no cash was deposited with the mortgage trustee for these purposes. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

In September 2006, NEE and NEECH executed a Replacement Capital Covenant (as amended, September 2006 RCC) in connection with NEECH's offering of 350 million principal amount of Series B Enhanced Junior Subordinated Debentures due 2066 (Series B junior subordinated debentures). The September 2006 RCC is for the benefit of persons that buy, hold or sell a specified series of long-term indebtedness (covered debt) of NEECH (other than the Series B junior subordinated debentures) or, in certain cases, of NEE. NEECH's 3.50 Debentures, Series due April 1, 2029 have been designated as the covered debt under the September 2006 RCC. The September 2006 RCC provides that NEECH may redeem, and NEE or NEECH may purchase, any Series B junior subordinated debentures on or before October 1, 2036, only to the extent that the redemption or purchase price does not exceed a specified amount of proceeds from the sale of qualifying securities, subject to certain limitations described in the September 2006 RCC. Qualifying securities are securities that have equity-like characteristics that are the same as, or more equity-like than, the Series B junior subordinated debentures at the time of redemption or purchase, which are sold within 365 days prior to the date of the redemption or repurchase of the Series B junior subordinated debentures. 
 
 In June 2007, NEE and NEECH executed a Replacement Capital Covenant (as amended, June 2007 RCC) in connection with NEECH's offering of 400 million principal amount of its Series C Junior Subordinated Debentures due 2067 (Series C junior subordinated debentures). The June 2007 RCC is for the benefit of persons that buy, hold or sell a specified series of covered debt of NEECH (other than the Series C junior subordinated debentures) or, in certain cases, of NEE. NEECH's 3.50 Debentures, Series due April 1, 2029 have been designated as the covered debt under the June 2007 RCC. The June 2007 RCC provides that NEECH may redeem or purchase, or satisfy, discharge or defease (collectively, defease), and NEE and any majority-owned subsidiary of NEE or NEECH may purchase, any Series C junior subordinated debentures on or before June 15, 2037, only to the extent that the principal amount defeased or the applicable redemption or purchase price does not exceed a specified amount raised from the issuance, during the 365 days prior to the date of that redemption, purchase or defeasance, of qualifying securities that have equity-like characteristics that are the same as, or more equity-like than, the applicable characteristics of the Series C junior subordinated debentures at the time of redemption, purchase or defeasance, subject to certain limitations described in the June 2007 RCC. 

New Accounting Rules and Interpretations 
 
 Reference Rate Reform In March 2020, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued an accounting standards update which provides certain options to apply accounting guidance on contract modifications and hedge accounting as companies transition from the London Inter-Bank Offered Rate and other interbank offered rates to alternative reference rates. See Note 1 Reference Rate Reform. 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES 
 
 NEE s significant accounting policies are described in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, which were prepared under GAAP. Critical accounting policies are those that NEE believes are both most important to the portrayal of its financial condition and results of operations, and require complex, subjective judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates and assumptions about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. Judgments and uncertainties affecting the application of those policies may result in materially different amounts being reported under different conditions or using different assumptions. 
 
 NEE considers the following policies to be the most critical in understanding the judgments that are involved in preparing its consolidated financial statements: 

Accounting for Derivatives and Hedging Activities 
 
 NEE uses derivative instruments (primarily swaps, options, futures and forwards) to manage the physical and financial risks inherent in the purchase and sale of fuel and electricity, as well as interest rate and foreign currency exchange rate risk associated primarily with outstanding and expected future debt issuances and borrowings. In addition, NEE, through NEER, uses derivatives to optimize the value of its power generation and gas infrastructure assets and engages in power and fuel marketing and trading activities to take advantage of expected future favorable price movements. 
 
 Nature of Accounting Estimates 
 
 Accounting pronouncements require the use of fair value accounting if certain conditions are met, which may require significant judgment to measure the fair value of assets and liabilities. This applies not only to traditional financial derivative instruments, but to any contract having the accounting characteristics of a derivative. As a result, significant judgment must be used in applying derivatives accounting guidance to contracts. In the event changes in interpretation occur, it is possible that contracts that currently are excluded from derivatives accounting rules would have to be recorded on the balance sheet at fair value, with changes in the fair value recorded in the statement of income. 
 
 47 

Table of Contents 

Assumptions and Accounting Approach 
 
 Derivative instruments, when required to be marked to market, are recorded on the balance sheet at fair value using a combination of market and income approaches. Fair values for some of the longer-term contracts where liquid markets are not available are derived through the use of industry-standard valuation techniques, such as internally developed models which estimate the fair value of a contract by calculating the present value of the difference between the contract price and the forward prices. Forward prices represent the price at which a buyer or seller could contract today to purchase or sell a commodity at a future date. The near-term forward market for electricity is generally liquid and therefore the prices in the early years of the forward curves reflect observable market quotes. However, in the later years, the market is much less liquid and forward price curves must be developed using factors including the forward prices for the commodities used as fuel to generate electricity, the expected system heat rate (which measures the efficiency of power plants in converting fuel to electricity) in the region where the purchase or sale takes place, and a fundamental forecast of expected spot prices based on modeled supply and demand in the region. NEE estimates the fair value of interest rate and foreign currency derivatives using an income approach based on a discounted cash flows valuation technique utilizing the net amount of estimated future cash inflows and outflows related to the derivative agreements. The assumptions in these models are critical since any changes therein could have a significant impact on the fair value of the derivative. 
 
 At FPL, substantially all changes in the fair value of energy derivative transactions are deferred as a regulatory asset or liability until the contracts are settled, and, upon settlement, any gains or losses are passed through the fuel clause . See Note 3. 
 
 In NEE s non-rate regulated operations, predominantly NextEra Energy Resources, essentially all changes in the derivatives fair value for power purchases and sales, fuel sales and trading activities are recognized on a net basis in operating revenues and the equity method investees related activity is recognized in equity in earnings of equity method investees in NEE s consolidated statements of income. 
 
 For interest rate and foreign currency derivative instruments, all changes in the derivatives' fair value are recognized in interest expense and the equity method investees' related activity is recognized in equity in earnings of equity method investees in NEE's consolidated statements of income. NEE estimates the fair value of these derivatives using an income approach based on a discounted cash flows valuation technique utilizing observable inputs. 
 
 Certain derivative transactions at NEER are entered into as economic hedges but the transactions do not meet the requirements for hedge accounting, hedge accounting treatment is not elected or hedge accounting has been discontinued. Changes in the fair value of those transactions are marked to market and reported in the consolidated statements of income, resulting in earnings volatility. These changes in fair value are reflected in the non-qualifying hedge category in computing adjusted earnings and could be significant to NEER s results because the economic offset to the positions are not marked to market. As a consequence, NEE's net income reflects only the movement in one part of economically-linked transactions. For example, a gain (loss) in the non-qualifying hedge category for certain energy derivatives is offset by decreases (increases) in the fair value of related physical asset positions in the portfolio or contracts, which are not marked to market under GAAP. For this reason, NEE s management views results expressed excluding the unrealized mark-to-market impact of the non-qualifying hedges as a meaningful measure of current period performance. For additional information regarding derivative instruments, see Note 3, Overview and Energy Marketing and Trading and Market Risk Sensitivity. 

Accounting for Pension Benefits 
 
 NEE sponsors a qualified noncontributory defined benefit pension plan for substantially all employees of NEE and its subsidiaries. Management believes that, based on actuarial assumptions and the well-funded status of the pension plan, NEE will not be required to make any cash contributions to the qualified pension plan in the near future. The qualified pension plan has a fully funded trust dedicated to providing benefits under the plan. NEE allocates net periodic income associated with the pension plan to its subsidiaries annually using specific criteria. 
 
 Nature of Accounting Estimates 
 
 For the pension plan, the benefit obligation is the actuarial present value, as of the December 31 measurement date, of all benefits attributed by the pension benefit formula to employee service rendered to that date. The amount of benefit to be paid depends on a number of future events incorporated into the pension benefit formula, including an estimate of the average remaining life of employees/survivors as well as the average years of service rendered. The projected benefit obligation is measured based on assumptions concerning future interest rates and future employee compensation levels. NEE derives pension income from actuarial calculations based on the plan s provisions and various management assumptions including discount rate, rate of increase in compensation levels and expected long-term rate of return on plan assets. 
 
 Assumptions and Accounting Approach 
 
 Accounting guidance requires recognition of the funded status of the pension plan in the balance sheet, with changes in the funded status recognized in other comprehensive income within shareholders equity in the year in which the changes occur. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

Since NEE is the plan sponsor, and its subsidiaries do not have separate rights to the plan assets or direct obligations to their employees, this accounting guidance is reflected at NEE and not allocated to the subsidiaries. The portion of previously unrecognized actuarial gains and losses and prior service costs or credits that are estimated to be allocable to FPL as net periodic (income) cost in future periods and that otherwise would be recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income are classified as regulatory assets and liabilities at NEE in accordance with regulatory treatment. 
 
 Net periodic pension income is calculated using a number of actuarial assumptions. Those assumptions for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 include: 
 2022 2021 2020 Discount rate 2.87 2.53 3.22 Salary increase 4.90 4.40 4.40 Expected long-term rate of return, net of investment management fees 7.35 7.35 7.35 Weighted-average interest crediting rate 3.79 3.82 3.83 
 
 In developing these assumptions, NEE evaluated input, including other qualitative and quantitative factors, from its actuaries and consultants, as well as information available in the marketplace. Discount rates are established using the full yield curve approach. In addition, for the expected long-term rate of return on pension plan assets, NEE considered different models, capital market return assumptions and historical returns for a portfolio with an equity/bond asset mix similar to its pension fund, as well as its pension fund's historical compounded returns. NEE believes that 7.35 has been a reasonable long-term rate of return, net of investment management f ees, on its pension plan assets. NEE will continue to evaluate all of its actuarial assumptions, including its expected rate of return, at least annually, and will adjust them as appropriate. 
 
 NEE utilizes in its determination of pension income a market-related valuation of plan assets. This market-related valuation reduces year-to-year volatility and recognizes investment gains or losses over a five-year period following the year in which they occur. Investment gains or losses for this purpose are the difference between the expected return calculated using the market-related value of plan assets and the actual return realized on those plan assets. Since the market-related value of plan assets recognizes gains or losses over a five-year period, the future value of plan assets will be affected as previously deferred gains or losses are recognized. Such gains and losses together with other differences between actual results and the estimates used in the actuarial valuations are deferred and recognized in determining pension income only to the extent they exceed 10 of the greater of projected benefit obligations or the market-related value of plan assets. 
 
 The following table illustrates the effect on net periodic pension income of changing the critical actuarial assumptions discussed above, while holding all other assumptions constant: 
 Increase (Decrease) in 2022 Net Periodic Pension Income Change in Assumption NEE FPL (millions) Expected long-term rate of return 0.5 25 17 Discount rate 0.5 (4) (3) Salary increase 0.5 (3) (2) 
 
 NEE also utilizes actuarial assumptions about mortality to help estimate obligations of the pension plan. NEE has adopted the latest revised mortality tables and mortality improvement scales released by the Society of Actuaries, which did not have a material impact on the pension plan's obligation. 
 
 See Note 12. 

Carrying Value of Long-Lived Assets 
 
 NEE evaluates long-lived assets for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. 
 
 Nature of Accounting Estimates 
 
 The amount of future net cash flows, the timing of the cash flows and the determination of an appropriate interest rate all involve estimates and judgments about future events. In particular, the aggregate amount of cash flows determines whether an impairment exists, and the timing of the cash flows is critical in determining fair value. Because each assessment is based on the facts and circumstances associated with each long-lived asset, the effects of changes in assumptions cannot be generalized. 
 
 49 

Table of Contents 

Assumptions and Accounting Approach 
 
 An impairment loss is required to be recognized if the carrying value of the asset exceeds the undiscounted future net cash flows associated with that asset. The impairment loss to be recognized is the amount by which the carrying value of the long-lived asset exceeds the asset s fair value. In most instances, the fair value is determined by discounting estimated future cash flows using an appropriate interest rate. 

Carrying Value of Equity Method Investments 
 
 NEE evaluates its equity method investments for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the fair value of the investment is less than the carrying value an d the investment may be other-than-temporarily impaired. 
 
 Nature of Accounting Estimates 
 
 Indicators of a potential impairment include, but are not limited to, a series of operating losses of an investee, the absence of an ability to recover the carrying amount of the investment, the inability of the investee to sustain an earnings capacity and a current fair value of an investment that may be less than its carrying value. If indicators of impairment exist, an estimate of the investment s fair value will be calculated. Approaches for estimating fair value include, among others, an income approach using a probability-weighted discounted cash flows model and a market approach using an earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) multiple model. The probability assigned to each scenario as well as the cash flows and EBITDA multiple identified are critical in determining fair value. 
 
 Assumptions and Accounting Approach 
 
 An impairment loss is required to be recognized if the impairment is deemed to be other than temporary. Assessment of whether an investment is other-than-temporarily impaired involves, among other factors, consideration of the length of time that the fair value is below the carrying value, current expected performance relative to the expected performance when the investment was initially made, performance relative to peers, industry performance relative to the economy, credit rating, regulatory actions and legal and permitting challenges. If management is unable to reasonably assert that an impairment is temporary or believes that there will not be full recovery of the carrying value of its investment, then the impairment is considered to be other than temporary. Investments that are other-than-temporarily impaired are written down to their estimated fair value and cannot subsequently be written back up for increases in estimated fair value. Impairment losses are recorded in equity in earnings (losses) of equity method investees in NEE s consolidated statements of income. See Note 4 Nonrecurring Fair Value Measurements. 

Decommissioning and Dismantlement 
 
 NEE accounts for asset retirement obligations and conditional asset retirement obligations (collectively, AROs) under accounting guidance that requires a liability for the fair value of an ARO to be recognized in the period in which it is incurred if it can be reasonably estimated, with the offsetting associated asset retirement costs capitalized as part of the carrying amount of the long-lived assets. NEE's AROs relate primarily to decommissioning obligations of FPL's and NEER's nuclear units and to obligations for the dismantlement of certain of NEER's wind and solar facilities. 
 
 Nature of Accounting Estimates 
 
 The calculation of the future cost of retiring long-lived assets, including nuclear decommissioning and plant dismantlement costs, involves estimating the amount and timing of future expenditures and making judgments concerning whether or not such costs are considered a legal obligation. Estimating the amount and timing of future expenditures includes, among other things, making projections of when assets will be retired and ultimately decommissioned and how costs will escalate with inflation. In addition, NEE also makes interest rate and rate of return projections on its investments in determining recommended funding requirements for nuclear decommissioning costs. Periodically, NEE is required to update these estimates and projections which can affect the annual expense amounts recognized, the liabilities recorded and the annual funding requirements for nuclear decommissioning costs. For example, an increase of 0.25 in the assumed escalation rates for nuclear decommissioning costs would increase NEE s AROs at December 31, 2022 by approximately 284 million. 
 
 Assumptions and Accounting Approach 
 
 FPL For ratemaking purpos es, FPL accrues and funds for nuclear plant decommissioning costs over the expected service life of each unit based on studies that are approved by the FPSC. The most recent studies, filed in 2020, reflect, among other things, the expiration dates of the operating licenses for FPL s nuclear units at the time of the studies. FPL s portion of the future cost of decommissioning its four nuclear units, including spent fuel storage above what is expected to be refunded by the DOE under a spent fuel settlement agreement, is estimated to be approximately 9.6 billion, or 2.5 billion expressed in 2022 dollars. The ultimate costs of decommissioning reflect the applications submitted to the NRC for the extension of Turkey Point Units Nos. 3 and 4 and St. Lucie Units Nos. 1 and 2 licenses for an additional 20 years. 
 
 50 

Table of Contents 

FPL accrues the cost of dismantling its other generation plants over the expected service life of each unit based on studies filed with the FPSC. Unlike nuclear decommissioning, dismantlement costs are not funded. The most recent studies became effective January 1, 2022. At December 31, 2022, FPL s portion of the ultimate cost to dismantle its other generation units is approximately 2.4 billion, or 1.2 billion expressed in 2022 dollars. The majority of the dismantlement costs are not reported as AROs. FPL accrues for interim removal costs over the life of the related assets based on depreciation studies approved by the FPSC. Any differences between the amount of the ARO and the amount recorded for ratemaking purposes are reported as a regulatory asset or liability in accordance with regulatory accounting. 
 
 The components of FPL s decommissioning of nuclear plants, dismantlement of plants and other accrued asset removal costs are as follows: 
 Nuclear Decommissioning Other Generation Plant Dismantlement Interim Removal Costs and Other Total December 31, December 31, December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 (millions) AROs (a) 
 1,807 1,736 362 364 7 7 2,176 
 2,107 Less capitalized ARO asset net of accumulated depreciation 
 61 63 40 56 1 1 102 120 Accrued asset removal costs (b) 
 406 447 179 198 (494) (156) 91 489 Asset retirement obligation regulatory expense difference (c) 
 3,515 4,399 (212) (218) (18) (9) 3,285 4,172 Accrued decommissioning, dismantlement and other accrued asset removal costs (d) 
 5,667 6,519 289 288 (506) (159) 5,450 6,648 
 ______________________ 
 (a) See Note 11. 
 (b) Included in noncurrent regulatory liabilities on NEE s and FPL s consolidated balance sheets, except for 532 million and 263 million which are related to interim removal costs and are included in noncurrent regulatory assets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. See Note 1 Rate Regulation. 
 (c) Included in noncurrent regulatory liabilities on NEE's and FPL's consolidated balance sheets, except for 38 million and 118 million which are related to other generation plant dismantlement and are included in noncurrent regulatory assets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 (d) Represents total amount accrued for ratemaking purposes. 
 
 NEER NEER records liabilities for the present value of its expected nuclear plant decommissioning costs which are determined using various internal and external data and applying a probability percentage to a variety of scenarios regarding the life of the plant and timing of decommissioning. The liabilities are being accreted using the interest method through the date decommissioning activities are expected to be complete. At December 31, 2022 and 2021 , the AROs for decommissioning of NEER s nuclear plants approximated 604 million and 599 million, respectively. NEER s portion of the ultimate cost of decommissioning its nuclear plants, including costs associated with spent fuel storage above what is expected to be refunded by the DOE under a spent fuel settlement agreement, is estimated to be approximatel y 9.5 billion, or 2.0 billion expressed in 2022 dollars. 
 
 See Note 1 Asset Retirement Obligations and Decommissioning of Nuclear Plants, Dismantlement of Plants and Other Accrued Asset Removal Costs and Note 11. 

Regulatory Accounting 
 
 Certain of NEE's businesses are subject to rate regulation which results in the recording of regulatory assets and liabilities. See Note 1 Rate Regulation for details regarding NEE s regulatory assets and liabilities. 
 
 Nature of Accounting Estimates 
 
 Regulatory assets and liabilities represent probable future revenues that will be recovered from or refunded to customers through the ratemaking process. Regulatory assets and liabilities are included in rate base or otherwise earn (pay) a return on investment during the recovery period. 
 
 Assumptions and Accounting Approach 
 
 Accounting guidance allows regulators to create assets and impose liabilities that would not be recorded by non-rate regulated entities. If NEE's rate-regulated entities, primarily FPL, were no longer subject to cost-based rate regulation, the existing regulatory assets and liabilities would be written off unless regulators specify an alternative means of recovery or refund. In addition, the regulators, including the FPSC for FPL, have the authority to disallow recovery of costs that they consider excessive or imprudently incurred. Such costs may include, among others, fuel and O M expenses, the cost of replacing power lost when generation facilities are unavailable, storm restoration costs and costs associated with the construction or acquisition of new facilities. The continued applicability of regulatory accounting is assessed at each reporting period. 
 
 51 

Table of Contents 

ENERGY MARKETING AND TRADING AND MARKET RISK SENSITIVITY 
 
 NEE and FPL are exposed to risks associated with adverse changes in commodity prices, interest rates and equity prices. Financial instruments and positions affecting the financial statements of NEE and FPL described below are held primarily for purposes other than trading. Market risk is measured as the potential loss in fair value resulting from hypothetical reasonably possible changes in commodity prices, interest rates or equity prices over the next year. Management has established risk management policies to monitor and manage such market risks, as well as credit risks. 
 
 Commodity Price Risk 
 
 NEE and FPL use derivative instruments (primarily swaps, options, futures and forwards) to manage the physical and financial risks inherent in the purchase and sale of fuel and electricity. In addition, NEE, through NEER, uses derivatives to optimize the value of its power generation and gas infrastructure assets and engages in power and fuel marketing and trading activities to take advantage of expected future favorable price movements. See Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates Accounting for Derivatives and Hedging Activities and Note 3. 
 
 During 2021 and 2022, the changes in the fair value of NEE s consolidated subsidiaries energy contract derivative instruments were as follows: 
 Hedges on Owned Assets Trading Non- Qualifying FPL Cost Recovery Clauses NEE Total (millions) Fair value of contracts outstanding at December 31, 2020 706 996 1,702 Reclassification to realized at settlement of contracts 
 179 293 (7) 465 Value of contracts acquired 
 80 9 89 Net option premium purchases (issuances) 
 23 11 34 Changes in fair value excluding reclassification to realized 
 (10) (2,701) 8 (2,703) Fair value of contracts outstanding at December 31, 2021 978 (1,392) 1 (413) Reclassification to realized at settlement of contracts 
 (355) 1,094 (197) 542 Value of contracts acquired 
 16 54 70 Net option premium purchases (issuances) 
 146 12 158 Changes in fair value excluding reclassification to realized 
 392 (3,689) 212 (3,085) Fair value of contracts outstanding at December 31, 2022 1,177 (3,921) 16 (2,728) Net margin cash collateral paid (received) 
 980 Total mark-to-market energy contract net assets (liabilities) at December 31, 2022 1,177 (3,921) 16 (1,748) 
 
 NEE s total mark-to-market energy contract net assets (liabilities) at December 31, 2022 shown above are included on the consolidated balance sheets as follows: 
 December 31, 2022 (millions) Current derivative assets 1,413 Noncurrent derivative assets 1,582 Current derivative liabilities (2,014) Noncurrent derivative liabilities (2,729) NEE's total mark-to-market energy contract net liabilities (1,748) 
 
 52 

Table of Contents 

The sources of fair value estimates and maturity of energy contract derivative instruments at December 31, 2022 were as follows: 
 Maturity 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total (millions) Trading: Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets (463) (435) (342) (163) (109) 38 (1,474) Significant other observable inputs 885 769 583 360 248 236 3,081 Significant unobservable inputs (154) (132) (34) (23) (21) (66) (430) Total 268 202 207 174 118 208 1,177 Owned Assets Non-Qualifying: 
 Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets (57) (74) (86) (61) (25) (36) (339) Significant other observable inputs (897) (712) (482) (350) (273) (435) (3,149) Significant unobservable inputs 97 (18) (11) (10) (12) (479) (433) Total (857) (804) (579) (421) (310) (950) (3,921) Owned Assets FPL Cost Recovery Clauses: 
 Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets Significant other observable inputs 2 2 2 1 7 Significant unobservable inputs 7 2 9 Total 9 2 2 2 1 16 Total sources of fair value (580) (600) (370) (245) (191) (742) (2,728) 
 
 With respect to commodities, NEE s Exposure Management Committee (EMC), which is comprised of certain members of senior management, and NEE's chief executive officer are responsible for the overall approval of market risk management policies and the delegation of approval and authorization levels. The EMC and NEE's chief executive officer receive periodic updates on market positions and related exposures, credit exposures and overall risk management activities. 
 
 NEE uses a value-at-risk (VaR) model to measure commodity price market risk in its trading and mark-to-market portfolios. The VaR is the estimated loss of market value based on a one-day holding period at a 95 confidence level using historical simulation methodology. The VaR figures are as follows: 
 Trading (a) 
 Non-Qualifying Hedges 
 and Hedges in FPL Cost Recovery Clauses (b) 
 Total FPL NEER NEE FPL NEER NEE FPL NEER NEE (millions) December 31, 2021 17 17 1 148 148 1 149 149 December 31, 2022 41 41 3 148 145 3 125 120 Average for the year ended December 31, 2022 26 26 9 268 269 9 248 249 
 ______________________ 
 (a) The VaR figures for the trading portfolio include positions that are marked to market. Taking into consideration offsetting unmarked non-derivative positions, such as physical inventory, the trading VaR figures were approximately 18 million and 9 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 (b) Non-qualifying hedges are employed to reduce the market risk exposure to physical assets or contracts which are not marked to market. The VaR figures for the non-qualifying hedges and hedges in FPL cost recovery clauses category do not represent the economic exposure to commodity price movements. 
 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 
 NEE's and FPL's financial results are exposed to risk resulting from changes in interest rates as a result of their respective outstanding a nd expected future issuances of d ebt, investments in special use funds and other investments. NEE and FPL manage their respective interest rate exposure by monitoring current interest rates, entering into interest rate contracts and using a combination of fixed rate and variable rate debt. Interest rate contracts are used to mitigate and adjust interest rate exposure when deemed appropriate based upon market conditions or when required by financing agreements. 
 
 53 

Table of Contents 

The following are estimates of the fair value of NEE's and FPL's financial instruments that are exposed to interest rate risk: 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Carrying Amount Estimated 
 Fair Value (a) 
 Carrying Amount Estimated 
 Fair Value (a) 
 (millions) NEE: Fixed income securities: Special use funds 2,061 2,061 2,505 2,505 Other investments, primarily debt securities 756 756 311 311 Long-term debt, including current portion 61,889 57,892 52,745 57,290 Interest rate contracts net unrealized gains (losses) 
 392 392 (633) (633) FPL: Fixed income securities: Special use funds 1,572 1,572 1,934 1,934 Other investments debt securities 
 114 114 Long-term debt, including current portion 21,002 19,364 18,510 21,379 ______________________ 
 (a) See Notes 3 and 4. 
 
 The special use funds of NEE and FPL consist of restricted funds set aside to cover the cost of storm damage for FPL and for the decommissioning of NEE's and FPL's nuclear power plants. See Note 1 Storm Funds, Storm Reserves and Storm Cost Recovery. A portion of these funds is invested in fixed income debt securities primarily carried at estimated fair value. At FPL, changes in fair value, including any credit losses, result in a corresponding adjustment to the related regulatory asset or liability accounts based on current regulatory treatment. The changes in fair value for NEE's non-rate regulated operations result in a corresponding adjustment to other comprehensive income, except for credit losses and unrealized losses on available for sale securities intended or required to be sold prior to recovery of the amortized cost basis, which are reported in current period earnings. Because the funds set aside by FPL for storm damage could be needed at any time, the related investments are generally more liquid and, therefore, are less sensitive to changes in interest rates. The nuclear decommissioning funds, in contrast, are generally invested in longer-term securities. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, NEE had interest rate contracts with a notional amount of approximately 19.7 billion to manage exposure to the variability of cash flows primarily associated with expected future and outstanding debt issuances at NEECH and NEER. See Note 3. 
 
 Based upon a hypothetical 10 decrease in interest rates, the fair value of NEE s net liabilities would increase by approxim ately 2,041 million 777 million f or FPL) at December 31, 2022. 
 
 Equity Price Risk 
 
 NEE and FPL are exposed to risk resulting from changes in prices for equity securities. For example, NEE s nuclear decommissioning reserve funds include marketable equity securities carried at their market value of approximately 4,437 million and 5,511 million 2,905 million and 3,552 million for FPL) at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. NEE's and FPL s investment strategy for equity securities in their nuclear decommissioning reserve funds emphasizes marketable securities which are broadly diversified. At December 31, 2022, a hypothetical 10 decrease in the prices quoted on stock exchanges would result in an approximately 427 million 280 million for FPL) reduction in fair value. For FPL, a corresponding adjustment would be made to the related regulatory asset or liability accounts based on current regulatory treatment, and for NEE s non-rate regulated operations, a corresponding amount would be recorded in change in unrealized gains (losses) on equity securities held in NEER's nuclear decommissioning funds net in NEE's consolidated statements of income. 
 
 Credit Risk 
 
 NEE and its subsidiaries, including FPL, are also exposed to credit risk through their energy marketing and trading operations. Credit risk is the risk that a financial loss will be incurred if a counterparty to a transaction does not fulfill its financial obligation. NEE manages counterparty credit risk for its subsidiaries with energy marketing and trading operations through established policies, including counterparty credit limits, and in some cases credit enhancements, such as cash prepayments, letters of credit, cash and other collateral and guarantees. 
 
 54 

Table of Contents 

Credit risk is also managed through the use of master netting agreements. NEE s credit department monitors current and forward credit exposure to counterparties and their affiliates, both on an individual and an aggregate basis. For all derivative and contractual transactions, NEE s energy marketing and trading operations, which include FPL's energy marketing and trading division, are exposed to losses in the event of nonperformance by counterparties to these transactions. Some relevant considerations when assessing NEE s energy marketing and trading operations credit risk exposure include the following: 
 
 Operations are primarily concentrated in the energy industry. 
 Trade receivables and other financial instruments are predominately with energy, utility and financial services related companies, as well as municipalities, cooperatives and other trading companies in the U.S. 
 Overall credit risk is managed through established credit policies and is overseen by the EMC. 
 Prospective and existing customers are reviewed for creditworthiness based upon established standards, with customers not meeting minimum standards providing various credit enhancements or secured payment terms, such as letters of credit or the posting of margin cash collateral. 
 Master netting agreements are used to offset cash and noncash gains and losses arising from derivative instruments with the same counterparty. NEE s policy is to have master netting agreements in place with significant counterparties. 
 
 Based on NEE s policies and risk exposures related to credit, NEE and FPL do not anticipate a material adverse effect on their financial statements as a result of counterparty nonperformance. At December 31, 2022, NEE's credit risk exposure associated with its energy marketing and trading counterparties, taking into account collateral and contractual netting rights, totaled approximately 3.6 billion 95 million for FPL), of which approximately 84 (100 for FPL) was with companies that have investment grade credit ratings. See Notes 1 Credit Losses and 3. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 See Management s Discussion Energy Marketing and Trading and Market Risk Sensitivity. 
 
 55 

Table of Contents 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

MANAGEMENT'S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 
 
 NextEra Energy, Inc.'s (NEE) and Florida Power Light Company's (FPL) management are responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f). The consolidated financial statements, which in part are based on informed judgments and estimates made by management, have been prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis. 
 
 To aid in carrying out this responsibility, we, along with all other members of management, maintain a system of internal accounting control which is established after weighing the cost of such controls against the benefits derived. In the opinion of management, the overall system of internal accounting control provides reasonable assurance that the assets of NEE and FPL and their subsidiaries are safeguarded and that transactions are executed in accordance with management's authorization and are properly recorded for the preparation of financial statements. In addition, management believes the overall system of internal accounting control provides reasonable assurance that material errors or irregularities would be prevented or detected on a timely basis by employees in the normal course of their duties. Any system of internal accounting control, no matter how well designed, has inherent limitations, including the possibility that controls can be circumvented or overridden and misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. Also, because of changes in conditions, internal control effectiveness may vary over time. Accordingly, even an effective system of internal control will provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and reporting. 
 
 The system of internal accounting control is supported by written policies and guidelines, the selection and training of qualified employees, an organizational structure that provides an appropriate division of responsibility and a program of internal auditing. NEE's written policies include a Code of Business Conduct Ethics that states management's policy on conflicts of interest and ethical conduct. Compliance with the Code of Business Conduct Ethics is confirmed annually by key personnel. 
 
 The Board of Directors pursues its oversight responsibility for financial reporting and accounting through its Audit Committee. This Committee, which is comprised entirely of independent directors, meets regularly with management, the internal auditors and the independent auditors to make inquiries as to the manner in which the responsibilities of each are being discharged. The independent auditors and the internal audit staff have free access to the Committee without management present to discuss auditing, internal accounting control and financial reporting matters. 
 
 Management assessed the effectiveness of NEE's and FPL's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, using the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in the Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) . Based on this assessment, management believes that NEE's and FPL's internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 NEE's and FPL's independent registered public accounting firm, , is engaged to express an opinion on NEE's and FPL's consolidated financial statements and an opinion on NEE's and FPL's internal control over financial reporting. Their reports are based on procedures believed by them to provide a reasonable basis to support such opinions. These reports appear on the following pages. 

JOHN W. KETCHUM TERRELL KIRK CREWS II John W. Ketchum Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of NEE and Chairman of FPL Terrell Kirk Crews II Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer of NEE and FPL 
 
 JAMES M. MAY James M. May Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer of NEE 
 
 ARMANDO PIMENTEL, JR. KEITH FERGUSON Armando Pimentel, Jr. President and Chief Executive Officer of FPL Keith Ferguson Controller of FPL 
 
 56 

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the shareholders and the Board of Directors of 
 NextEra Energy, Inc. and Florida Power Light Company 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of NextEra Energy, Inc. and subsidiaries (NEE) and Florida Power Light Company and subsidiaries (FPL) as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, NEE and FPL maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022 of NEE and FPL and our report dated February 17, 2023, expressed unqualified opinions on those financial statements. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 NEE's and FPL s management are responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for their assessments of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express opinions on NEE s and FPL s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to NEE and FPL in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audits included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

DELOITTE TOUCHE LLP 
 
 Boca Raton, Florida 
 February 17, 2023 

57 

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the shareholders and the Board of Directors of 
 NextEra Energy, Inc. and Florida Power Light Company 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of NextEra Energy, Inc. and subsidiaries (NEE) and the related separate consolidated balance sheets of Florida Power Light Company and subsidiaries (FPL) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and NEE's and FPL's related consolidated statements of income and cash flows, NEE's consolidated statements of comprehensive income and equity, and FPL s consolidated statements of common shareholder s equity, for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of NEE and the consolidated financial position of FPL as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), NEE s and FPL s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated February 17, 2023, expressed unqualified opinions on NEE s and FPL s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of NEE s and FPL s management. Our responsibility is to express opinions on NEE s and FPL s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to NEE and FPL in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements of NEE and FPL that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 NEE Operating Revenue Unrealized Losses Refer to Note 3 to the financial statements 
 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 
 NEE enters into complex energy derivatives and transacts in certain markets that are thinly traded, which may result in subjective estimates of fair value that include unobservable inputs. Changes in the derivatives fair value for power purchases and sales, fuel sales and trading activities are primarily recognized on a net basis in operating revenues. For the year ended December 31, 2022, unrealized losses associated with Level 3 transactions of million are included in operating revenues in the consolidated statement of income of NEE. 
 Given management uses complex proprietary models and unobservable inputs to estimate the fair value of Level 3 derivative assets and liabilities, performing audit procedures to evaluate the appropriateness of these models and inputs required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort, including the need to involve our firm specialists who possess significant quantitative and modeling expertise. 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 Our audit procedures related to operating revenue unrealized losses included the following, among others: 
 We tested the effectiveness of controls relating to commodity valuation models, their related Level 3 unobservable inputs, and market data validation. 
 58 

Table of Contents 

We selected a sample of transactions, obtained an understanding of the business rationale of transactions, and read the underlying contractual agreements. 
 We used personnel in our firm who specialize in energy transacting to independently value Level 3 transactions. For certain fair value models, we used our firm specialists to directly test the underlying assumptions of the unobservable inputs used by management. 
 We evaluated NEE s disclosures related to the proprietary models and unobservable inputs to estimate the fair value of Level 3 derivative assets and liabilities, including the balances recorded and significant assumptions. 
 
 FPL Impact of Rate Regulation on the Financial Statements Refer to Note 1 to the financial statements 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 
 FPL is subject to rate regulation by the Florida Public Service Commission (the FPSC ), which has jurisdiction with respect to the rates of electric utility companies. Management has determined it meets the requirements under accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America to prepare its financial statements applying the specialized rules to account for the effects of cost-based rate regulation. Accounting for the economics of rate regulation impacts multiple financial statement line items and disclosures, such as property, plant, and equipment; regulatory assets and liabilities; operating revenues; fuel expense, operation and maintenance expense; and depreciation expense. 
 
 Rates are determined and approved in regulatory proceedings based on an analysis of FPL s costs to provide utility service and a return on, and recovery of, FPL s investment in the assets required to deliver utility service. Accounting guidance for FPL s regulated operations provides that rate-regulated entities report assets and liabilities consistent with the recovery of those incurred costs in rates, if it is probable that such rates will be charged and collected. The FPSC has the authority to disallow recovery of costs that it considers excessive or imprudently incurred. Future FPSC decisions could impact the accounting for regulated operations, including decisions about the amount of recoverable costs and any refunds that may be required. As a result of this cost-based regulation, FPL follows the accounting guidance that allows regulators to create assets and impose liabilities, based on the probability of future cash flows, that would not be recorded by non-rate regulated entities. Regulatory assets and liabilities represent probable future revenues that will be recovered from or refunded to customers through the ratemaking process. 
 
 We identified the impact of rate regulation as a critical audit matter due to the requirement to have auditors with deep knowledge of and significant experience with accounting for rate regulation and the rate setting process due to its inherent complexities. 
 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 Our audit procedures related to the impact of rate regulation included the following, among others: 
 We tested the effectiveness of management s controls over the evaluation of the likelihood of (1) the recovery in future rates of costs incurred as property, plant, and equipment and deferred as regulatory assets, and (2) a refund or a future reduction in rates that should be reported as regulatory liabilities. We also tested the effectiveness of management s controls over the initial recognition of amounts as property, plant, and equipment and regulatory assets or liabilities; the depreciation and amortization of such amounts in accordance with FPSC orders; and the monitoring and evaluation of regulatory developments that may affect the likelihood of recovering costs recognized as property, plant and equipment and regulatory assets in future rates or of a refund or future reduction in rates that should be recognized as a regulatory liability. 
 We assessed the likelihood of (1) recovery of recorded regulatory assets and (2) obligations requiring future reductions in rates by obtaining, reading and evaluating relevant regulatory orders issued by the FPSC to FPL, (including the December 2, 2021 order adopting the stipulation of settlement for FPL's 2021 rate agreement, which became effective on January 1, 2022) and considering regulatory precedents established by the FPSC. We also evaluated such regulatory orders and other publicly available filings made by FPL and compared them to management s recorded regulatory asset and liability balances for completeness. 
 We evaluated FPL's disclosure related to the impacts of rate regulation, including the balances recorded and regulatory developments. 

DELOITTE TOUCHE LLP 

February 17, 2023 

We have served as NEE s and FPL s auditor since 1950. 
 59 

Table of Contents 

NEXTERA ENERGY, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 (millions, except per share amounts) 
 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 OPERATING REVENUES OPERATING EXPENSES Fuel, purchased power and interchange Other operations and maintenance Depreciation and amortization Taxes other than income taxes and other net Total operating expenses net GAINS ON DISPOSAL OF BUSINESSES/ASSETS NET OPERATING INCOME OTHER INCOME (DEDUCTIONS) Interest expense ) ) ) Equity in earnings (losses) of equity method investees ) Allowance for equity funds used during construction Gains on disposal of investments and other property net Change in unrealized gains (losses) on equity securities held in NEER's nuclear decommissioning funds net ) Other net periodic benefit income Other net Total other income (deductions) net ) ) INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAXES INCOME TAXES NET INCOME NET LOSS ATTRIBUTABLE TO NONCONTROLLING INTERESTS NET INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE TO NEE Earnings per share attributable to NEE: Basic Assuming dilution 

The accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements. 
 60 

Table of Contents 

NEXTERA ENERGY, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (millions) 
 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 NET INCOME 
 OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS), NET OF TAX 
 Reclassification of unrealized losses on cash flow hedges from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) to net income (net of tax benefit, tax benefit and tax benefit, respectively) 
 Net unrealized gains (losses) on available for sale securities: 
 Net unrealized gains (losses) on securities still held (net of tax benefit, tax benefit and tax expense, respectively) 
 ) ) Reclassification from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) to net income (net of tax benefit, tax expense and tax expense, respectively) 
 ) ) Defined benefit pension and other benefits plans: 
 Net unrealized gain (loss) and unrecognized prior service benefit (cost) (net of tax benefit, tax expense and tax expense, respectively) 
 ) Reclassification from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) to net income (net of tax benefit, tax benefit and tax benefit, respectively) 
 Net unrealized gains (losses) on foreign currency translation ) ) Other comprehensive income related to equity method investees (net of tax expense, tax expense and tax expense, respectively) 
 Total other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) IMPACT OF DISPOSAL OF A BUSINESS (NET OF TAX BENEFIT) 
 COMPREHENSIVE INCOME COMPREHENSIVE LOSS ATTRIBUTABLE TO NONCONTROLLING INTERESTS 
 COMPREHENSIVE INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE TO NEE 

The accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements. 
 61 

Table of Contents 

NEXTERA ENERGY, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (millions, except par value) 
 December 31, 2022 2021 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Customer receivables, net of allowances of and , respectively 
 Other receivables Materials, supplies and fuel inventory Regulatory assets Derivatives Other Total current assets Other assets: Property, plant and equipment net and related to VIEs, respectively) 
 Special use funds Investment in equity method investees Prepaid benefit costs Regulatory assets Derivatives Goodwill Other Total other assets TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES, REDEEMABLE NONCONTROLLING INTERESTS AND EQUITY Current liabilities: Commercial paper Other short-term debt Current portion of long-term debt and related to VIEs, respectively) 
 Accounts payable and related to VIEs, respectively) 
 Customer deposits Accrued interest and taxes Derivatives Accrued construction-related expenditures Regulatory liabilities Other Total current liabilities Other liabilities and deferred credits: Long-term debt and related to VIEs, respectively) 
 Asset retirement obligations Deferred income taxes Regulatory liabilities Derivatives Other Total other liabilities and deferred credits TOTAL LIABILITIES COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES REDEEMABLE NONCONTROLLING INTERESTS VIEs 
 EQUITY Common stock par value, authorized shares ; outstanding shares and , respectively) 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) Total common shareholders' equity Noncontrolling interests and related to VIEs, respectively) 
 TOTAL EQUITY TOTAL LIABILITIES, REDEEMABLE NONCONTROLLING INTERESTS AND EQUITY 

The accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements. 
 62 

Table of Contents 

NEXTERA ENERGY, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (millions) 
 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Nuclear fuel and other amortization Unrealized losses on marked to market derivative contracts net Unrealized losses (gains) on equity securities held in NEER's nuclear decommissioning funds net ) ) Foreign currency transaction losses (gains) ) ) Deferred income taxes ) Cost recovery clauses and franchise fees ) ) ) Equity in losses (earnings) of equity method investees ) ) Distributions of earnings from equity method investees Gains on disposal of businesses, assets and investments net ) ) ) Recoverable storm-related costs ) ) ) Other net ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Current assets ) ) ) Noncurrent assets ) ) ) Current liabilities ) Noncurrent liabilities Net cash provided by operating activities CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES Capital expenditures of FPL ) ) ) Independent power and other investments of NEER ) ) ) Nuclear fuel purchases ) ) ) Other capital expenditures ) ) ) Sale of independent power and other investments of NEER Proceeds from sale or maturity of securities in special use funds and other investments Purchases of securities in special use funds and other investments ) ) ) Other net Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES Issuances of long-term debt, including premiums and discounts Retirements of long-term debt ) ) ) Proceeds from differential membership investors Net change in commercial paper ) ) Proceeds from other short-term debt Repayments of other short-term debt ) ) ) Payments from (to) related parties under a cash sweep and credit support agreement net ) Issuances of common stock/equity units net ) Proceeds from sale of noncontrolling interests Dividends on common stock ) ) ) Other net ) ) ) Net cash provided by financing activities Effects of currency translation on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of year Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of year SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION Cash paid for interest (net of amount capitalized) Cash paid (received) for income taxes net ) ) SUPPLEMENTAL SCHEDULE OF NONCASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES Accrued property additions Decrease in property, plant and equipment net and contract liabilities (2022 activity, see Note 1) Right-of-use asset in exchange for finance lease liability Increase in property, plant and equipment related to an acquisition Decrease in joint venture investments related to an acquisition 

The accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements. 
 63 

Table of Contents 

NEXTERA ENERGY, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY 
 (millions) 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Retained Earnings Total Common Shareholders' Equity Non- controlling Interests Total Equity Redeemable Non-controlling Interests Shares Aggregate Par Value Balances, December 31, 2019 ) Net income (loss) ) ) Issuances of common stock/equity units net 
 ) ) Share-based payment activity 
 Dividends on common stock (a) 
 ) ) Other comprehensive income Impact of disposal of business Adoption of accounting standards update (b) 
 ) ) Premium on equity units ) ) Other differential membership interest activity ) ) ) Sale of noncontrolling interests ) ) Other 
 ) ) ) Balances, December 31, 2020 ) Net income (loss) ) Share-based payment activity 
 Dividends on common stock (a) 
 ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) Other differential membership interests activity (c) 
 ) ) Other 
 ) ) ) Balances, December 31, 2021 Net income (loss) ) Issuances of common stock/equity units net 
 Share-based payment activity 
 Dividends on common stock (a) 
 ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) ) Premium on equity units ) ) Other differential membership interests activity ) ) Disposal of subsidiaries with noncontrolling interests (c) 
 ) Other 
 ) ) ) Balances, December 31, 2022 ) _________________________ 
 (a) , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively . 
 (b) 
 (c) 

The accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements. 
 64 

Table of Contents 

FLORIDA POWER LIGHT COMPANY 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 (millions) 
 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 OPERATING REVENUES OPERATING EXPENSES Fuel, purchased power and interchange Other operations and maintenance Depreciation and amortization Taxes other than income taxes and other net Total operating expenses net OPERATING INCOME OTHER INCOME (DEDUCTIONS) Interest expense ) ) ) Allowance for equity funds used during construction Other net Total other deductions net ) ) ) INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAXES INCOME TAXES NET INCOME (a) 
 
 ______________________ 
 (a) 

The accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements. 
 65 

Table of Contents 

FLORIDA POWER LIGHT COMPANY 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (millions, except share amount) 
 
 December 31, 2022 2021 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Customer receivables, net of allowances of and , respectively 
 Other receivables Materials, supplies and fuel inventory Regulatory assets Other Total current assets Other assets: Electric utility plant and other property net 
 Special use funds Prepaid benefit costs Regulatory assets Goodwill Other Total other assets TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Current liabilities: Commercial paper Other short-term debt Current portion of long-term debt Accounts payable Customer deposits Accrued interest and taxes Accrued construction-related expenditures Regulatory liabilities Other Total current liabilities Other liabilities and deferred credits: Long-term debt Asset retirement obligations Deferred income taxes Regulatory liabilities Other Total other liabilities and deferred credits TOTAL LIABILITIES COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES EQUITY Common stock par value, shares authorized, issued and outstanding) 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings TOTAL EQUITY TOTAL LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 

The accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements. 
 66 

Table of Contents 

FLORIDA POWER LIGHT COMPANY 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (millions) 
 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Nuclear fuel and other amortization Deferred income taxes Cost recovery clauses and franchise fees ) ) ) Recoverable storm-related costs ) ) ) Other net ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Current assets ) ) ) Noncurrent assets ) ) ) Current liabilities Noncurrent liabilities ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES Capital expenditures ) ) ) Nuclear fuel purchases ) ) ) Proceeds from sale or maturity of securities in special use funds Purchases of securities in special use funds ) ) ) Other net ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES Issuances of long-term debt, including premiums and discounts Retirements of long-term debt ) ) ) Net change in commercial paper ) ) Capital contributions from NEE Dividends to NEE ) ) ) Other net ) ) ) Net cash provided by financing activities Net decrease in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of year Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of year SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION Cash paid for interest (net of amount capitalized) Cash paid (received) for income taxes net ) SUPPLEMENTAL SCHEDULE OF NONCASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES Accrued property additions 

The accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements. 
 67 

Table of Contents 

FLORIDA POWER LIGHT COMPANY 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMMON SHAREHOLDER'S EQUITY 
 (millions) 
 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings Common Shareholder's Equity Balances, December 31, 2019 Net income Capital contributions from NEE Dividends to NEE ) Other Balances, December 31, 2020 Net income Capital contributions from NEE Dividends to NEE ) Balances, December 31, 2021 Net income Capital contributions from NEE Dividends to NEE ) Balances, December 31, 2022 

The accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements. 
 68 

Table of Contents 

NEXTERA ENERGY, INC. AND FLORIDA POWER LIGHT COMPANY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

1. 
 
 million customer accounts throughout most of the east and lower west coasts of Florida and counties throughout northwest Florida. NEER invests in independent power projects through both controlled and consolidated entities and noncontrolling owner ship interests in joint ventures. NEER participates in natural gas, natural gas liquids and oil production primarily through operating and non-operating ownership interests and in pipeline infrastructure through either wholly owned subsidiaries or noncontrolling or joint venture interests. NEER also invests in rate-regulated transmission facilities and transmission lines that connect its electric generation facilities to the electric grid through controlled and consolidated entities. 
 
 The consolidated financial statements of NEE and FPL include the accounts of their respective controlled subsidiaries. They also include NEE's and FPL's share of the undivided interest in certain assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses. Amounts representing NEE's interest in entities it does not control, but over which it exercises significant influence, are included in investment in equity method investees; the earnings/losses of these entities is included in equity in earnings (losses) of equity method investees. Intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. Certain amounts included in prior years' consolidated financial statements have been reclassified to conform to the current year's presentation. The preparation of financial statements requires the use of estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and the disclosure of c ontingent assets and liabilities. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. FPL also collects municipal utility taxes which are reported gross in customer receivables and accounts payable on NEE's and FPL's consolidated balance sheets. Certain NEER commodity contracts for the purchase and sale of power that meet the definition of a derivative are recorded at fair value with subsequent changes in fair value recognized as revenue. See Energy Trading below and Note 3. 
 
 69 

Table of Contents 
 NEXTERA ENERGY, INC. AND FLORIDA POWER LIGHT COMPANY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Acquisition of purchased power agreements (b) 
 Deferred clause and franchise expenses (c) 
 (c) 
 Storm restoration costs (d) 
 (d) 
 Other Total Noncurrent: Early retirement of generation facilities and transmission assets (a) 
 Acquisition of purchased power agreements (b) 
 Deferred clause expenses (c) 
 (c) 
 Storm restoration costs (d) 
 (d) 
 Accrued asset removal costs (e) 
 Other Total Regulatory liabilities: Current: Deferred clause revenues Other Total Noncurrent: Asset retirement obligation regulatory expense difference 
 Accrued asset removal costs (e) 
 Deferred taxes Other Total ______________________ 
 (a) The majority of these regulatory assets are being amortized over years. 
 (b) The majority of these regulatory assets are being amortized over approximately years. 
 (c) The majority of these regulatory assets are expected to be amortized over months beginning April 2023. See below regarding the 2022 fuel under-recovery. 
 (d) The majority of these regulatory assets are expected to be amortized over months beginning April 2023. See Storm Funds, Storm Reserves and Storm Cost Recovery below. 

Cost recovery clauses, which are designed to permit full recovery of certain costs and provide a return on certain assets allowed to be recovered through various clauses, include substantially all fuel, purchased power and interchange expense, costs associated with an FPSC-approved transmission and distribution storm protection plan, certain costs associated with the acquisition and retirement of several electric generation facilities, certain construction-related costs for certain of FPL's solar generation facilities, and conservation and certain environmental-related costs. Revenues from cost recovery clauses are recorded when billed; FPL achieves matching of costs and related revenues by deferring the net under-recovery or over-recovery. Any under-recovered costs or over-recovered revenues are collected from or returned to customers in subsequent periods. In January 2023, FPL filed a petition with the FPSC requesting recovery of its 2022 fuel under-recovery of approximately billion (included in current deferred clause and franchise expenses and noncurrent deferred clause expenses above) over 21 months beginning April 2023. As a result of natural gas prices currently being lower than originally projected for 2023, FPL 
 70 

Table of Contents 
 NEXTERA ENERGY, INC. AND FLORIDA POWER LIGHT COMPANY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

billion mid-course correction to reduce the 2023 levelized fuel charges to customers that would go into effect beginning April 2023. An FPSC decision is expected in March 2023. 

Base Rates Effective January 2022 through December 2025 In December 2021, the FPSC issued a final order approving a stipulation and settlement between FPL and several intervenors in FPL's base rate proceeding (2021 rate agreement). 
 
 Key elements of the 2021 rate agreement, which is effective from January 2022 through at least December 2025, include, among other things, the following: 
 New retail base rates and charges were established for the combined utility system (including the former Gulf Power Company service area) resulting in the following increases in annualized retail base revenues: 
 million beginning January 1, 2022, and 
 million beginning January 1, 2023. 
 In addition, FPL is eligible to receive, subject to conditions specified in the 2021 rate agreement, base rate increases associated with the addition of up to megawatts (MW) annually of new solar generation (through a Solar Base Rate Adjustment (SoBRA) mechanism) in each of 2024 and 2025, and may carry forward any unused MW in 2024 to 2025. FPL has agreed to an installed cost cap of per kilowatt and will be required to demonstrate that these proposed solar facilities are cost effective. 
 FPL's authorized regulatory return on common equity (ROE) was , with a range of to . However, in the event the average 30-year U.S. Treasury rate was or greater over a consecutive period, FPL was authorized to increase the regulatory ROE to with a range of to . During August 2022, this provision was triggered and effective September 1, 2022, FPL's authorized regulatory ROE and ROE range were increased. The revised authorized regulatory ROE will have only a minimal impact to base rates. If FPL's earned regulatory ROE falls below , FPL may seek retail base rate relief. If the earned regulatory ROE rises above , any party with standing may seek a review of FPL's retail base rates. 
 Subject to certain conditions, FPL may amortize, over the term of the 2021 rate agreement, up to billion of depreciation reserve surplus, provided that in any year of the 2021 rate agreement FPL must amortize at least enough reserve amount to maintain its minimum authorized regulatory ROE and also may not amortize any reserve amount that would result in an earned regulatory ROE in excess of its maximum authorized regulatory ROE. 
 FPL is authorized to expand SolarTogether , a voluntary community solar program that gives FPL electric customers an opportunity to participate directly in the expansion of solar energy where participants pay a fixed monthly subscription charge and receive credits on their related monthly customer bill, by constructing an additional MW of solar generation from 2022 through 2025, such that the total capacity of SolarTogether would be MW. 
 Future storm restoration costs would be recoverable on an interim basis beginning days from the filing of a cost recovery petition, but capped at an amount that produces a surcharge of no more than for every kilowatt-hour (kWh) of usage on residential bills during the first months of cost recovery. Any additional costs would be eligible for recovery in subsequent years. If storm restoration costs exceed million in any given calendar year, FPL may request an increase to the surcharge. See Storm Funds, Storm Reserves and Storm Cost Recovery below. 
 If federal or state permanent corporate income tax changes become effective during the term of the 2021 rate agreement, FPL will prospectively adjust base rates after a review by the FPSC. As a result of the enactment of the Inflation Reduction Act (IRA) (see Note 5), FPL's customers are expected to save approximately million over the remaining term of the 2021 rate agreement which includes a million one-time refund made in January 2023. 
 
 On February 8, 2023, the Florida Supreme Court heard oral argument on the appeal of the FPSC's final order regarding the 2021 rate agreement by Floridians Against Increased Rates, Inc. and, as a group, Florida Rising, Inc., Environmental Confederation of Southwest Florida, Inc. and League of United Latin American Citizens of Florida (collectively, the appellants). The appellants argue that the FPSC lacked authority to approve certain aspects of FPL's 2021 rate agreement, that the final order fails to address certain contested issues and that certain of the FPSC's findings in its final order were not adequately analyzed or supported by evidence and have requested that the final order be reversed or remanded. FPL believes that the FPSC s decision should not be reversed or remanded by the Florida Supreme Court, because, among other things, the FPSC acted within its statutory authority in approving the 2021 rate agreement and the FPSC s public-interest findings are supported by competent, substantial evidence in the record. A ruling by the Florida Supreme Court is pending. 
 
 Base Rates Effective January 2017 through December 2021 From January 2017 to December 2021, FPL operated under a base rate agreement (2016 rate agreement) that provided for, among other things, a regulatory ROE of , with a range of to and, subject to certain conditions, the right to reduce depreciation expense up to billion (reserve), provided that in any year of the 2016 rate agreement FPL was required to amortize enough reserve to maintain an earned regulatory ROE within the range of to . 

71 

Table of Contents 
 NEXTERA ENERGY, INC. AND FLORIDA POWER LIGHT COMPANY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

million million at FPL) and million million at FPL). 
 
 Depreciation of FPL's electric property is provided on a straight-line basis, primarily over its average remaining useful life. FPL includes in depreciation expense a provision for electric generation plant dismantlement, interim asset removal costs, accretion related to asset retirement obligations (see Decommissioning of Nuclear Plants, Dismantlement of Plants and Other Accrued Asset Removal Costs below) and storm recovery amortization. For substantially all of FPL's property, depreciation studies are performed periodically and filed with the FPSC which result in updated depreciation rates. As part of the 2021 rate agreement, the FPSC approved new unified depreciation rates which became effective January 1, 2022. Reserve amortization is recorded as either an increase or decrease to accrued asset removal costs which is reflected in noncurrent regulatory assets on NEE's and FPL's consolidated balance sheets. FPL files a twelve-month forecast with the FPSC each year which contains a regulatory ROE intended to be earned based on the best information FPL has at that time assuming normal weather. This forecast establishes a targeted regulatory ROE. In order to earn the targeted regulatory ROE in each reporting period subject to the conditions of the effective rate agreement, reserve amortization is calculated using a trailing thirteen-month average of retail rate base and capital structure in conjunction with the trailing twelve months regulatory retail base net operating income, which primarily includes the retail base portion of base and other revenues, net of O M, depreciation and amortization, interest and tax expenses. In general, the net impact of these income statement line items is adjusted, in part, by reserve amortization or its reversal to earn the targeted regulatory ROE. See Rate Regulation Base Rates Effective January 2022 through December 2025 above. 
 
 NEER's electric plant in service and other property less salvage value, if any, are depreciated primarily using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives. NEER reviews the estimated useful lives of its fixed assets on an ongoing basis. NEER's oil and gas production assets are accounted for under the successful efforts method. Depletion expenses for the acquisition of reserve rights and development costs are recognized using the unit of production method. 

prior to 2021 and beginning in 2021 of a utility's plant in service balance and require more than one year to complete. FPSC rules allow construction projects below the applicable threshold as a component of rate base. 
 
 FPL's construction work in progress includes construction materials, progress payments on major equipment contracts, engineering costs, AFUDC and other costs directly associated with the construction of various projects. Upon completion of the projects, these costs are transferred to electric utility plant in service and other property. Capitalized costs associated with construction activities are charged to O M expenses when recoverability is no longer probable. 
 
 NEER capitalizes project development costs once it is probable that such costs will be realized through the ultimate construction of the related asset or sale of development rights. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, NEER's capitalized development costs totaled approximately million and million, respectively, which are included in noncurrent other assets on NEE's consolidated balance sheets. These costs include land rights and other third-party costs directly associated with the development of a new project. Upon commencement of construction, these costs either are transferred to construction work in progress or remain in other assets, depending upon the nature of the cost. Capitalized development costs are charged to O M expenses when it is probable that these costs will not be realized. 
 
 debt and differential membership interests sold by NextEra Energy Resources' subsidiaries. Upon commencement of project operation, costs associated with construction work in progress are transferred to electric plant in service and other property. 

72 

Table of Contents 
 NEXTERA ENERGY, INC. AND FLORIDA POWER LIGHT COMPANY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

and are filed with the FPSC for approval. FPL filed updated nuclear decommissioning studies with the FPSC in December 2020. These studies reflect, among other things, the expiration dates of the operating licenses for FPL's nuclear units at the time of the studies. The 2020 studies provide for the dismantlement of Turkey Point Units Nos. 3 and 4 following the end of plant operation with decommissioning activities commencing in 2052 and 2053, respectively, however, in 2022, the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC) amended Turkey Point Units Nos. 3 and 4 license renewals by removing the 20 additional years of operation reflected in the studies. FPL filed a site-specific environmental impact statement with the NRC related to the previously approved 20-year renewal application for both Turkey Point operating licenses. Approval of the additional 20 years of operations is pending. The studies filed in 2020 also provide for St. Lucie Unit No. 1 to be mothballed beginning in 2036 with decommissioning activities to be integrated with the dismantlement of St. Lucie Unit No. 2 in 2043. These studies also assume that FPL will be storing spent fuel on site pending removal to a United States (U.S.) government facility. FPL's portion of the ultimate costs of decommissioning its nuclear units, including costs associated with spent fuel storage above what is expected to be refunded by the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) under a spent fuel settlement agreement, is estimated to be approximately billion, or billion expressed in 2022 dollars. The ultimate costs of decommissioning reflect the applications submitted to the NRC for the extension of Turkey Point Units Nos. 3 and 4 and St. Lucie Units Nos. 1 and 2 licenses for an additional years. 
 
 Restricted funds for the payment of future expenditures to decommission FPL's nuclear units are included in nuclear decommissioning reserve funds, which are included in special use funds on NEE's and FPL's consolidated balance sheets. Marketable securities held in the decommissioning funds are primarily carried at fair value. See Note 4. Fund earnings, consisting of dividends, interest and realized gains and losses, net of taxes, are reinvested in the funds. Fund earnings, as well as any changes in unrealized gains and losses and estimated credit losses on debt securities, are not recognized in income and are reflected as a corresponding offset in the related regulatory asset or liability accounts. FPL does not currently make contributions to the decommissioning funds, other than the reinvestment of fund earnings. During 2022, 2021 and 2020 fund earnings on decommissioning funds were approximately million, million and million, respectively. The tax effects of amounts not yet recognized for tax purposes are included in deferred income taxes. 
 
 Other generation plant dismantlement studies are performed periodically and are submitted to the FPSC for approval. Previously approved studies were effective from January 1, 2017 through December 2021 and resulted in an annual expense of million which is recorded in depreciation and amortization expense in NEE's and FPL's consolidated statements of income. As part of the 2021 rate agreement, the FPSC approved a new annual expense of million based on FPL's updated dismantlement studies which became effective January 1, 2022. At December 31, 2022, FPL's portion of the ultimate cost to dismantle its other generation units is approximately billion, or billion expressed in 2022 dollars. 
 
 NEER's AROs primarily include nuclear decommissioning liabilities for Seabrook Station (Seabrook), Duane Arnold Energy Center (Duane Arnold) and Point Beach Nuclear Power Plant (Point Beach) and dismantlement liabilities for its wind and solar facilities. The liabilities are being accreted using the interest method through the date decommissioning or dismantlement 
 73 

Table of Contents 
 NEXTERA ENERGY, INC. AND FLORIDA POWER LIGHT COMPANY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

billion and billion, respectively, and was primarily determined using various internal and external data and applying a probability percentage to a variety of scenarios regarding the life of the plant and timing of decommissioning or dismantlement. NEER's portion of the ultimate cost of decommissioning its nuclear plants, including costs associated with spent fuel storage above what is expected to be refunded by the DOE under a spent fuel settlement agreement, is estimated to be approximately billion, or billion expressed in 2022 dollars. The ultimate cost to dismantle NEER's wind and solar facilities is estimated to be approximately billion. 
 
 Seabrook files a comprehensive nuclear decommissioning study with the New Hampshire Nuclear Decommissioning Financing Committee (NDFC) every ; the most recent study was filed in 2019. Seabrook's decommissioning funding plan is also subject to annual review by the NDFC. Currently, there are no ongoing decommissioning funding requirements for Seabrook, Duane Arnold and Point Beach, however, the NRC, and in the case of Seabrook, the NDFC, has the authority to require additional funding in the future. NEER's portion of Seabrook's, Duane Arnold's and Point Beach's restricted funds for the payment of future expenditures to decommission these plants is included in nuclear decommissioning reserve funds, which are included in special use funds on NEE's consolidated balance sheets. Marketable securities held in the decommissioning funds are primarily carried at fair value. See Note 4. Market adjustments for debt securities result in a corresponding adjustment to other comprehensive income (OCI), except for estimated credit losses and unrealized losses on debt securities intended or required to be sold prior to recovery of the amortized cost basis, which are recognized in other net in NEE's consolidated statements of income. Market adjustments for equity securities are recorded in change in unrealized gains (losses) on equity securities held in NEER's nuclear decommissioning funds net in NEE's consolidated statements of income. Fund earnings, consisting of dividends, interest and realized gains and losses are recognized in income and are reinvested in the funds. The tax effects of amounts not yet recognized for tax purposes are included in deferred income taxes. 

million million for FPL) and million million for FPL), respectively, of restricted cash, which is included in current other assets on NEE's and FPL's consolidated balance sheets. Restricted cash is primarily related to debt service payments and margin cash collateral requirements at NEER and bond proceeds held for construction at FPL. In addition, where offsetting positions exist, restricted cash related to margin cash collateral of million is netted against derivative assets and million is netted against derivative liabilities at December 31, 2022 and million is netted against derivative assets and million is netted against derivative liabilities at December 31, 2021. See Note 3. 
 
 million representing the cumulative effect of adopting the new standards update, which primarily related to the impact of applying the CECL model to NEER's receivables. The impact of adopting the new standards update was not material to FPL. 

74 

Table of Contents 
 NEXTERA ENERGY, INC. AND FLORIDA POWER LIGHT COMPANY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

million, million and million of bad debt expense, including credit losses, respectively, which are included in O M expenses in NEE s consolidated statements of income. The amounts recorded in 2021 primarily relate to credit losses at NEER driven by the operational and energy market impacts of severe prolonged winter weather in Texas in February 2021 (February 2021 weather event). The estimate for credit losses related to the impacts of the February 2021 weather event was developed based on NEE s assessment of the ultimate collectability of these receivables. At December 31, 2021, approximately million of allowances were included in noncurrent other assets on NEE's consolidated balance sheet related to the February 2021 weather event. During 2022, the net receivable was settled. 

billion. Prior to Hurricane Ian, FPL s storm reserve had a balance of approximately million. At December 31, 2022, the recoverable storm restoration costs associated with Hurricane Ian and Hurricane Nicole exceeded the balance of the storm reserve by approximately billion. This deficit has been recorded by FPL as current and noncurrent regulatory assets on NEE s and FPL s December 31, 2022 consolidated balance sheets. In January 2023, FPL filed a petition with the FPSC requesting the recovery of eligible storm restoration costs over the reserve amount, plus approximately million to replenish the reserve, through an interim surcharge that would apply for a period beginning April 1, 2023. While a -month recovery period would reduce the potential bill impacts in the event of 2023 storm activity, the FPSC may approve a longer recovery period. The amount collected will be subject to refund based on an FPSC prudence review. In addition, FPL also provided information that incorporates the remaining unrecovered pre-2022 northwest Florida service area storm restoration costs (see below for a discussion of such costs), estimated to be approximately million at April 1, 2023, into the interim surcharge discussed above. The unpaid portion of the storm restoration costs at December 31, 2022, of approximately million, including estimated capital costs, is included in other current liabilities on NEE s and FPL s consolidated balance sheet. 
 
 During 2021 and 2020, FPL s service area was impacted by hurricanes and tropical storms, which resulted in the recording of incremental storm restoration costs. FPL determined that it would not seek recovery of certain of such costs associated with the 2016 rate agreement through a storm surcharge from customers and instead recorded approximately million and million in 2021 and 2020, respectively, as storm restoration costs in NEE's and FPL s consolidated statements of income (included in O M expenses). FPL used available reserve amortization to offset all such storm restoration costs that were expensed. 
 
 Restoration costs associated with multiple storms since 2018 that impacted FPL's customers in the former Gulf Power Company service area are being collected from FPL's northwest Florida customers through a storm damage surcharge through late 2024 and are recorded as regulatory assets. As of December 31, 2022, the balance was million, of which million and million are included in current regulatory assets and noncurrent regulatory assets, respectively, on NEE's and FPL's consolidated balance sheets. As of December 31, 2021, the balance was million, of which million and million are 
 75 

Table of Contents 
 NEXTERA ENERGY, INC. AND FLORIDA POWER LIGHT COMPANY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets 
 NEER segment: Rate-regulated assets, primarily transmission (see Note 6 GridLiance) 
 Gas infrastructure Customer supply and trading Clean energy assets Corporate and Other Total goodwill Other intangible assets not subject to amortization, primarily land easements Other intangible assets subject to amortization: Purchased power agreements Other, primarily transportation contracts and customer lists Total Accumulated amortization ) ) Total other intangible assets subject to amortization net 

million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and is expected to be approximately million, million, million, million and million for 2023, 2024, 2025, 2026 and 2027, respectively. 
 
 Goodwill and other intangible assets not subject to amortization are assessed for impairment at least annually by applying a fair value-based analysis. Other intangible assets subject to amortization are periodically reviewed when impairment indicators are present to assess recoverability from future operations using undiscounted future cash flows. 

76 

Table of Contents 
 NEXTERA ENERGY, INC. AND FLORIDA POWER LIGHT COMPANY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

million million for FPL) and million million for FPL) at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and is being amortized in accordance with the regulatory treatment over the estimated lives of the assets or liabilities for which the deferred tax amount was initially recognized. 
 
 Production tax credits (PTCs) are recognized as wind and solar energy is generated and sold based on a per kWh rate prescribed in applicable federal and state statutes and are recorded as a reduction of current income taxes payable, unless limited by tax law in which instance they are recorded as deferred tax assets. NEER recognizes ITCs as a reduction to income tax expense when the related energy property is placed into service. FPL recognizes ITCs as a reduction to income tax expense over the depreciable life of the related energy property. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, FPL s accumulated deferred ITCs were approximately million and million, respectively, and are included in noncurrent regulatory liabilities on NEE's and FPL's consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 A valuation allowance is recorded to reduce the carrying amounts of deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not that such assets will not be realized. NEE recognizes interest income (expense) related to unrecognized tax benefits (liabilities) in interest income and interest expense, respectively, net of the amount deferred at FPL. At FPL, the offset to accrued interest receivable (payable) on income taxes is classified as a regulatory liability (regulatory asset) which will be amortized to income (expense) over a period upon settlement in accordance with regulatory treatment. All tax positions taken by NEE in its income tax returns that are recognized in the financial statements must satisfy a more-likely-than-not threshold. NEE and its subsidiaries file income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and various states, the most significant of which is Florida, and certain foreign jurisdictions. Federal tax liabilities, with the exception of certain refund claims, are effectively settled for all years prior to 2017. State and foreign tax liabilities, which have varied statutes of limitations regarding additional assessments, are generally effectively settled for years prior to 2017. At December 31, 2022, NEE had unrecognized tax benefits of approximately million that, if recognized, could impact the annual effective income tax rate. The amounts of unrecognized tax benefits and related interest accruals may change within the next 12 months; however, NEE and FPL do not expect these changes to have a significant impact on NEE s or FPL s financial statements. See Note 5. 
 
 MW, MW and MW, respectively, at December 31, 2022 , to third-party investors. NEE retains a controlling interest in the entities and therefore presents the Class B member interests as noncontrolling interests. Noncontrolling interests represents the portion of net assets in consolidated entities that are not owned by NEE and are reported as a component of equity in NEE s consolidated balance sheet. The third-party investors are allocated earnings, tax attributes and cash flows in accordance with the respective limited liability company agreements. Those economics are allocated primarily to the third-party investors until they receive a targeted 
 77 

Table of Contents 
 NEXTERA ENERGY, INC. AND FLORIDA POWER LIGHT COMPANY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

controlling ownership interest in wind generation facilities and solar plus battery facility located in geographically diverse locations throughout the U.S. with a total generating capacity of MW and MW of battery storage capacity, two of which facilities are currently under construction with expected in service dates in 2023, and (ii) their ownership interest in wind generation facilities located in the Midwest region of the U.S. with a total generating capacity of MW to a NEP subsidiary for cash proceeds of approximately million, plus working capital and other adjustments of million (subject to post-closing adjustments). NEER will continue to consolidate the projects currently under construction for accounting purposes. A NextEra Energy Resources affiliate will continue to operate the facilities included in the sale. In connection with the sale, a gain of approximately million million after tax) was recorded in NEE's consolidated statements of income for the year ended December 31, 2022 and is included in the gains on disposal of businesses/assets net. In connection with the facilities currently under construction, approximately million of cash received was recorded as contract liabilities, which is included in current other liabilities on NEE's consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2022. The contract liabilities relate to sale proceeds from NEP of approximately million and differential membership interests of approximately million. The contract liabilities associated with the sale proceeds and the differential membership interests are subject to the two facilities under construction achieving commercial operations by specified dates in 2023. The contract liabilities will be reversed and the sale recognized for accounting purposes if the contingencies are resolved in 2023. Otherwise, NextEra Energy Resources may be required to return proceeds related to differential membership interests and/or repurchase the facilities for up to million. In addition, NextEra Energy Resources is responsible to pay for all construction costs related to the portfolio. At December 31, 2022, approximately million is included in accounts payable on 
 78 

Table of Contents 
 NEXTERA ENERGY, INC. AND FLORIDA POWER LIGHT COMPANY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

controlling ownership interest in a battery storage facility in California with storage capacity of MW, for cash proceeds of approximately million, plus working capital and other adjustments of million. A NextEra Energy Resources affiliate will continue to operate the facility included in the sale. In connection with the sale, a gain of approximately million million after tax) was recorded in NEE's consolidated statements of income for the year ended December 31, 2022 and is included in gains on disposal of businesses/assets net. 
 
 In December 2021, subsidiaries of NextEra Energy Resources sold their ownership interest, comprised of a controlling ownership interest to a NEP subsidiary and a noncontrolling ownership interest to a third party, in a portfolio of wind generation facilities and solar generation facilities in geographically diverse locations throughout the U.S. representing a total generating capacity of MW and MW of battery storage capacity, three of which facilities were under construction. Total cash proceeds for these two separate transactions totaled approximately billion. NEER continued to consolidate the three projects under construction for accounting purposes through the first quarter of 2022. A NextEra Energy Resources affiliate will continue to operate the facilities included in the sales. In connection with the sales, a loss of approximately million million after tax) was recorded in NEE s consolidated statements of income for the year ended December 31, 2021 and is included in gains on disposal of businesses/assets net. In connection with the three facilities that were under construction, approximately million of cash received was recorded as contract liabilities, which is included in current other liabilities on NEE s consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2021. The contract liabilities related to sale proceeds from NEP and the third party of approximately million and differential membership interests of approximately million, of which million was contingent on the enactment of a solar PTC by a specified date in 2022. In 2022, the three facilities achieved commercial operations and approximately million of contract liabilities were reversed and the sale of those facilities was recognized for accounting purposes. In addition, the IRA was enacted establishing a solar PTC (see Note 5) which resolved the outstanding contingencies and million of contract liabilities were reversed and a gain was recorded in NEE's consolidated statements of income for the year ended December 31, 2022 which is included in gains on disposal of businesses/assets net. In addition, NextEra Energy Resources was responsible to pay for all construction costs related to the portfolio. At December 31, 2021, approximately million was included in accounts payable on NEE's consolidated balance sheet and represented amounts owed by NextEra Energy Resources to NEP to reimburse NEP for construction costs. 
 
 In 2021, subsidiaries of NextEra Energy Resources completed the sale to a NEP subsidiary of their ownership interests in wind generation facilities and solar generation facility located in the West and Midwest regions of the U.S. with a total generating capacity of MW and of the noncontrolling ownership interests in solar generation facilities and multiple distributed generation solar facilities located in geographically diverse locations throughout the U.S. representing a total net ownership interest in plant capacity (net generating capacity) of MW for cash proceeds of approximately million, plus working capital and other adjustments of million. A NextEra Energy Resources affiliate will continue to operate the facilities included in the sale. In connection with the sale, a gain of approximately million million after tax) was recorded in NEE's consolidated statements of income for the year ended December 31, 2021, which is included in gains on disposal of businesses/assets, and noncontrolling interests of approximately million and additional paid-in capital of approximately million million after tax) were recorded on NEE's consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2021. 
 
 In 2020, a subsidiary of NextEra Energy Resources sold a noncontrolling ownership interest, comprised of a ownership interest to a third party and a ownership interest to a NEP subsidiary, in a portfolio of wind generation facilities and solar generation facilities in geographically diverse locations throughout the U.S. representing a total net generating capacity of MW. In addition, a subsidiary of NextEra Energy Resources also sold its ownership interest in a MW solar generation facility and a MW battery storage facility (solar-plus-storage facility) that was under construction in Arizona to a NEP subsidiary. Total cash proceeds for these two separate transactions totaled approximately million. NEER continued to consolidate the projects until the sale was recognized for accounting purposes, see Note 9 NEER. A NextEra Energy Resources affiliate will continue to operate the facilities included in the sale. I n connection with the sale, noncontrolling interests of approximately million and a reduction to additional paid-in capital of approximately million million after tax) were recorded on NEE's consolidated balance sheet. In connection with the solar-plus-storage facility transaction, approximately million of cash received was recorded as a contract liability, and upon the solar-plus-storage facility achieving commercial operations in 2021, the contract liability was reversed and the sale was recognized for accounting purposes. 
 
 solar generation facilities located in Spain with a total generating capacity of MW, which resulted in net cash proceeds of approximately million (approximately million). In connection with the sale, a gain of approximately million (pretax and after tax) was recorded in NEE's consolidated statements of income for the year ended December 31, 2020 and is included in gains on disposal of businesses/assets net. 

79 

Table of Contents 
 NEXTERA ENERGY, INC. AND FLORIDA POWER LIGHT COMPANY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

2. 
 
 billion billion at FPL), billion billion at FPL) and billion billion at FPL), respectively. NEE's and FPL's receivables are primarily associated with revenues earned from contracts with customers, as well as derivative and lease transactions at NEER, and consist of both billed and unbilled amounts, which are recorded in customer receivables and other receivables on NEE's and FPL's consolidated balance sheets. Receivables represent unconditional rights to consideration and reflect the differences in timing of revenue recognition and cash collections. For substantially all of NEE's and FPL's receivables, regardless of the type of revenue transaction from which the receivable originated, customer and counterparty credit risk is managed in the same manner and the terms and conditions of payment are similar. During 2021, NEER did not recognize approximately million of revenue related to reimbursable expenses from a counterparty that were deemed not probable of collection. These reimbursable expenses arose from the impacts of the February 2021 weather event. These determinations were made based on assessments of the counterparty's creditworthiness and NEER's ability to collect. 
 
 FPL FPL s revenues are derived primarily from tariff-based sales that result from providing electricity to retail customers in Florida with no defined contractual term. Electricity sales to retail customers account for approximately of FPL s 2022 operating revenues, the majority of which are to residential customers. FPL s retail customers receive a bill monthly based on the amount of monthly kWh usage with payment due monthly. For these types of sales, FPL recognizes revenue as electricity is delivered and billed to customers, as well as an estimate for electricity delivered and not yet billed. The billed and unbilled amounts represent the value of electricity delivered to the customer. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, FPL's unbilled revenues amounted to approximately million and million, respectively, and are included in customer receivables on NEE s and FPL s consolidated balance sheets. Certain contracts with customers contain a fixed price which primarily relate to certain power purchase agreements with maturity dates through 2041. As of December 31, 2022, FPL expects to record approximately million of revenues related to the fixed capacity price components of such contracts over the remaining terms of the related contracts as the capacity is provided. These contracts also contain a variable price component for energy usage which FPL recognizes as revenue as the energy is delivered based on rates stipulated in the respective contracts. 
 
 billion of revenues related to the fixed price components of such contracts over the remaining terms of the related contracts as the capacity is provided. The power purchase agreements also contain a variable price component for energy usage which NEER recognizes as revenue as the energy is delivered based on rates stipulated in the respective contracts. 

3. 
 
 80 

Table of Contents 
 NEXTERA ENERGY, INC. AND FLORIDA POWER LIGHT COMPANY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

In addition, for the year ended December 31, 2020, NEE reclassified from AOCI approximately million million after tax), of which million was reclassified to gains on disposal of businesses/assets net (see Note 1 Disposal of Businesses/Assets and Sale of Noncontrolling Ownership Interests) with the balance to interest expense, because it became probable that related future transactions being hedged would not occur. At December 31, 2022, NEE's AOCI included amounts related to discontinued interest rate cash flow hedges with expiration dates through March 2035 and foreign currency cash flow hedges with expiration dates through September 2030. Approximately million of net losses included in AOCI at December 31, 2022 are expected to be reclassified into earnings within the next 12 months as the principal and/or interest payments are made. Such amounts assume no change in scheduled principal payments. 

81 

Table of Contents 
 NEXTERA ENERGY, INC. AND FLORIDA POWER LIGHT COMPANY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

. 
 
 The tables below present NEE's and FPL's gross derivative positions at December 31, 2022 and 2021, as required by disclosure rules. However, the majority of the underlying contracts are subject to master netting agreements and generally would not be contractually settled on a gross basis. 
 
 82 

Table of Contents 
 NEXTERA ENERGY, INC. AND FLORIDA POWER LIGHT COMPANY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

) Interest rate contracts ) Foreign currency contracts ) ) Total derivative assets FPL commodity contracts 
 ) Liabilities: NEE: Commodity contracts ) Interest rate contracts ) Foreign currency contracts ) Total derivative liabilities FPL commodity contracts 
 ) Net fair value by NEE balance sheet line item: Current derivative assets (b) 
 Noncurrent derivative assets (c) 
 Total derivative assets Current derivative liabilities (d) 
 Noncurrent derivative liabilities (e) 
 Total derivative liabilities Net fair value by FPL balance sheet line item: Current other assets Noncurrent other assets Total derivative assets Current other liabilities Noncurrent other liabilities Total derivative liabilities 
 ______________________ 
 (a) Includes the effect of the contractual ability to settle contracts under master netting arrangements and the netting of margin cash collateral payments and receipts. NEE and FPL also have contract settlement receivable and payable balances that are subject to the master netting arrangements but are not offset within the consolidated balance sheets and are recorded in customer receivables net and accounts payable, respectively. 
 (b) Reflects the netting of approximately million in margin cash collateral received from counterparties. 
 (c) Reflects the netting of approximately million in margin cash collateral received from counterparties. 
 (d) Reflects the netting of approximately million in margin cash collateral paid to counterparties. 
 (e) Reflects the netting of approximately million in margin cash collateral paid to counterparties. 
 83 

Table of Contents 
 NEXTERA ENERGY, INC. AND FLORIDA POWER LIGHT COMPANY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

) Interest rate contracts ) Foreign currency contracts ) ) Total derivative assets FPL commodity contracts 
 ) Liabilities: NEE: Commodity contracts ) Interest rate contracts ) Foreign currency contracts ) Total derivative liabilities FPL commodity contracts 
 ) Net fair value by NEE balance sheet line item: Current derivative assets (b) 
 Noncurrent derivative assets (c) 
 Total derivative assets Current derivative liabilities (d) 
 Noncurrent derivative liabilities (e) 
 Total derivative liabilities Net fair value by FPL balance sheet line item: Current other assets Current other liabilities Noncurrent other liabilities Total derivative liabilities 
 ______________________ 
 (a) Includes the effect of the contractual ability to settle contracts under master netting arrangements and the netting of margin cash collateral payments and receipts. NEE and FPL also have contract settlement receivable and payable balances that are subject to the master netting arrangements but are not offset within the consolidated balance sheets and are recorded in customer receivables net and accounts payable, respectively. 
 (b) Reflects the netting of approximately million in margin cash collateral received from counterparties. 
 (c) Reflects the netting of approximately million in margin cash collateral received from counterparties. 
 (d) Reflects the netting of approximately million in margin cash collateral paid to counterparties. 
 (e) Reflects the netting of approximately million in margin cash collateral paid to counterparties 

At December 31, 2022 and 2021, NEE had approximately million at FPL) and million at FPL), respectively, in margin cash collateral received from counterparties that was not offset against derivative assets in the above presentation. These amounts are included in current other liabilities on NEE's consolidated balance sheets. Additionally, at December 31, 2022 and 2021, NEE had approximately million at FPL) and million at FPL), respectively, in margin cash collateral paid to counterparties that was not offset against derivative assets or liabilities in the above presentation. These amounts are included in current other assets on NEE's consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 Significant Unobservable Inputs Used in Recurring Fair Value Measurements The valuation of certain commodity contracts requires the use of significant unobservable inputs. All forward price, implied volatility, implied correlation and interest rate inputs used in the valuation of such contracts are directly based on third-party market data, such as broker quotes and exchange settlements, when that data is available. If third-party market data is not available, then industry standard methodologies are used to develop inputs that maximize the use of relevant observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. Observable inputs, including some forward prices, implied volatilities and interest rates used for determining fair value are updated daily to reflect the best available market information. Unobservable inputs which are related to observable inputs, such as illiquid portions of forward price or volatility curves, are updated daily as well, using industry standard techniques, such as interpolation and extrapolation, combining observable forward inputs supplemented by historical market and other relevant data. Other unobservable inputs, such as implied correlations, block-to-hourly price shaping, customer migration rates from full 
 84 

Table of Contents 
 NEXTERA ENERGY, INC. AND FLORIDA POWER LIGHT COMPANY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Discounted cash flow Forward price (per MWh (b) 
 ) Forward contracts gas 
 Discounted cash flow Forward price (per MMBtu (c) 
 Forward contracts congestion 
 Discounted cash flow Forward price (per MWh (b) 
 ) Options power 
 Option models Implied correlations Implied volatilities Options primarily gas 
 Option models Implied correlations Implied volatilities Full requirements and unit contingent contracts 
 Discounted cash flow Forward price (per MWh (b) 
 Customer migration rate (d) 
 Forward contracts other 
 Total 
 ______________________ 
 (a) Unobservable inputs were weighted by volume. 
 (b) Megawatt-hours 
 (c) One million British thermal units 
 (d) Applies only to full requirements contracts. 

85 

Table of Contents 
 NEXTERA ENERGY, INC. AND FLORIDA POWER LIGHT COMPANY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

) ) Realized and unrealized gains (losses): Included in earnings (a) 
 ) ) Included in other comprehensive income (loss) (b) 
 Included in regulatory assets and liabilities 
 Purchases Sales (c) 
 Settlements ) ) Issuances ) ) ) Transfers in (d) 
 ) ) Transfers out (d) 
 ) ) ) Fair value of net derivatives based on significant unobservable inputs at December 31 
 ) ) Gains (losses) included in earnings attributable to the change in unrealized gains (losses) relating to derivatives held at the reporting date (e) 
 ) ) 
 ______________________ 
 (a) For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, realized and unrealized gains (losses) of approximately ) million, ) million and million are included in the consolidated statements of income in operating revenues and the balance is included in interest expense. 
 (b) Included in net unrealized gains (losses) on foreign currency translation in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income. 
 (c) See Note 1 Disposal of Businesses/Assets and Sale of Noncontrolling Ownership Interests. 
 (d) Transfers into Level 3 were a result of decreased observability of market data. Transfers from Level 3 to Level 2 were a result of increased observability of market data.) million, ) million and million are included in the consolidated statements of income in operating revenues and the balance is included in interest expense. 
 
 Income Statement Impact of Derivative Instruments 
 unrealized losses, unrealized losses and unrealized losses, respectively) 
 ) ) Foreign currency contracts interest expense (including unrealized losses, unrealized losses and unrealized gains, respectively) 
 ) ) Interest rate contracts interest expense (including unrealized gains, unrealized gains and unrealized losses, respectively) 
 ) Losses reclassified from AOCI: Interest rate contracts (b) 
 ) ) ) Foreign currency contracts interest expense 
 ) ) ) Total ) ) ) 
 ______________________ 
 (a) For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, FPL recorded gains of approximately million, million and million, respectively, related to commodity contracts as regulatory liabilities on its consolidated balance sheets. 
 (b) For the year ended December 31, 2020, approximately million was reclassified to gains on disposal of businesses/assets net (see Note 1 Disposal of Businesses/Assets and Sale of Noncontrolling Ownership Interests); remaining balances were reclassified to interest expense on NEE's consolidated statements of income. 
 
 Notional Volumes of Derivative Instruments The following table represents net notional volumes associated with derivative instruments that are required to be reported at fair value in NEE's and FPL's consolidated financial statements. The table includes significant volumes of transactions that have minimal exposure to commodity price changes because they are variably priced agreements. These volumes are only an indication of the commodity exposure that is managed through the use of derivatives. They do not represent net physical asset positions or non-derivative positions and the related hedges, nor do they represent NEE's and FPL's net economic exposure, but only the net notional derivative positions that fully or partially hedge the related asset positions. 
 86 

Table of Contents 
 NEXTERA ENERGY, INC. AND FLORIDA POWER LIGHT COMPANY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 MWh ) MWh Natural gas ) MMBtu MMBtu ) MMBtu MMBtu Oil ) barrels ) barrels 
 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, NEE had interest rate contracts with a notional amount of approximately billion and billion, respectively, and foreign currency contracts with a notional amount of approximately billion and billion, respectively. 
 
 Credit-Risk-Related Contingent Features Certain derivative instruments contain credit-risk-related contingent features including, among other things, the requirement to maintain an investment grade credit rating from specified credit rating agencies and certain financial ratios, as well as credit-related cross-default and material adverse change triggers. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the aggregate fair value of NEE's derivative instruments with credit-risk-related contingent features that were in a liability position was approximately billion million for FPL) and billion million for FPL), respectively. 
 
 If the credit-risk-related contingent features underlying these derivative agreements were triggered, certain subsidiaries of NEE, including FPL, could be required to post collateral or settle contracts according to contractual terms which generally allow netting of contracts in offsetting positions. Certain derivative contracts contain multiple types of credit-related triggers. To the extent these contracts contain a credit ratings downgrade trigger, the maximum exposure is included in the following credit ratings collateral posting requirements. If FPL's and NEECH's credit ratings were downgraded to BBB/Baa2 (a three level downgrade for FPL and a one level downgrade for NEECH from the current lowest applicable rating), applicable NEE subsidiaries would be required to post collateral such that the total posted collateral would be approximately million at FPL) and million at FPL) at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. If FPL's and NEECH's credit ratings were downgraded to below investment grade, applicable NEE subsidiaries would be required to post additional collateral such that the total posted collateral would be approximately billion million at FPL) and billion million at FPL) at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Some derivative contracts do not contain credit ratings downgrade triggers, but do contain provisions that require certain financial measures be maintained and/or have credit-related cross-default triggers. In the event these provisions were triggered, applicable NEE subsidiaries could be required to post additional collateral of up to approximately billion million at FPL) and billion million at FPL) at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Collateral related to derivatives may be posted in the form of cash or credit support in the normal course of business. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, applicable NEE subsidiaries have posted approximately million at FPL) and million at FPL), respectively, in cash and billion at FPL) and billion at FPL), respectively, in the form of letters of credit each of which could be applied toward the collateral requirements described above. FPL and NEECH have capacity under their credit facilities generally in excess of the collateral requirements described above that would be available to support, among other things, derivative activities. Under the terms of the credit facilities, maintenance of a specific credit rating is not a condition to drawing on these credit facilities, although there are other conditions to drawing on these credit facilities. 
 
 Additionally, some contracts contain certain adequate assurance provisions whereby a counterparty may demand additional collateral based on subjective events and/or conditions. Due to the subjective nature of these provisions, NEE and FPL are unable to determine an exact value for these items and they are not included in any of the quantitative disclosures above. 

4. 

87 

Table of Contents 
 NEXTERA ENERGY, INC. AND FLORIDA POWER LIGHT COMPANY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and are included in noncurrent other assets on NEE's consolidated balance sheets. Adjustments to carrying values are recorded as a result of observable price changes in transactions for identical or similar investments of the same issuer. 
 
 Recurring Non-Derivative Fair Value Measurements 
 FPL equity securities 
 Special use funds: (b) 
 NEE: Equity securities (c) 
 U.S. Government and municipal bonds Corporate debt securities Asset-backed securities Other debt securities FPL: Equity securities (c) 
 U.S. Government and municipal bonds Corporate debt securities Asset-backed securities Other debt securities Other investments: (d) 
 NEE: Equity securities Debt securities FPL: 
 Equity securities 
 Debt securities 
 
 ______________________ 
 (a) Includes restricted cash equivalents of approximately million million for FPL) in current other assets on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 (b) Excludes investments accounted for under the equity method and loans not measured at fair value on a recurring basis. See Fair Value of Financial Instruments Recorded at Other than Fair Value below. 
 (c) Primarily invested in commingled funds whose underlying securities would be Level 1 if those securities were held directly by NEE or FPL. 
 (d) Included in noncurrent other assets on NEE's and FPL's consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 88 

Table of Contents 
 NEXTERA ENERGY, INC. AND FLORIDA POWER LIGHT COMPANY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

FPL equity securities 
 Special use funds: (b) 
 NEE: Equity securities (c) 
 U.S. Government and municipal bonds Corporate debt securities Asset-backed securities Other debt securities FPL: Equity securities (c) 
 U.S. Government and municipal bonds Corporate debt securities Asset-backed securities Other debt securities Other investments: (d) 
 NEE: Equity securities Debt securities FPL equity securities 
 ______________________ 
 (a) Includes restricted cash equivalents of approximately million million for FPL) in current other assets on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 (b) Excludes investments accounted for under the equity method and loans not measured at fair value on a recurring basis. See Fair Value of Financial Instruments Recorded at Other than Fair Value below. 
 (c) Primarily invested in commingled funds whose underlying securities would be Level 1 if those securities were held directly by NEE or FPL. 
 (d) Included in noncurrent other assets on NEE's and FPL's consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 Contingent Consideration NEER had approximately million and million of contingent consideration liabilities at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which are included in noncurrent other liabilities on NEE's consolidated balance sheets. The liabilities relate to contingent consideration for the completion of capital expenditures for future development projects in connection with the acquisition of GridLiance Holdco, LP and GridLiance GP, LLC (GridLiance) (see Note 6 GridLiance). NEECH guarantees the contingent consideration obligations under the GridLiance acquisition agreements. Significant inputs and assumptions used in the fair value measurement, some of which are Level 3 and require judgement, include the projected timing and amount of future cash flows, estimated probability of completing future development projects as well as discount rates. 
 
 Fair Value of Financial Instruments Recorded at Other than Fair Value 
 89 

Table of Contents 
 NEXTERA ENERGY, INC. AND FLORIDA POWER LIGHT COMPANY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Other receivables, net of allowances (b) 
 
 Long-term debt, including current portion (c) 
 
 (c) 
 FPL: Special use funds (a) 
 Long-term debt, including current portion (c) 
 (c) 
 
 ______________________ 
 (a) Primarily represents investments accounted for under the equity method and loans not measured at fair value on a recurring basis (Level 2). 
 (b) Included in noncurrent other assets on NEE's consolidated balance sheets (primarily Level 3). 
 (c) At December 31, 2022 and 2021, substantially all is Level 2 for NEE and FPL. 
 
 Special Use Funds and Other Investments Carried at Fair Value The special use funds noted above and those carried at fair value (see Recurring Non-Derivative Fair Value Measurements above) consist of NEE's nuclear decommissioning fund assets of approximately million million for FPL) and million million for FPL) at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and FPL's storm fund assets of million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The investments held in the special use funds and other investments consist of equity and available for sale debt securities which are primarily carried at estimated fair value. The amortized cost of debt securities is approximately million million for FPL) and million million for FPL) at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Debt securities included in the nuclear decommissioning funds have a weighted-average maturity at December 31, 2022 of approximately at both NEE and FPL. Other investments primarily consist of debt securities with a weighted-average maturity at December 31, 2022 of approximately . The cost of securities sold is determined using the specific identification method. 
 
 For FPL's special use funds, changes in fair value of debt and equity securities, including any estimated credit losses of debt securities, result in a corresponding adjustment to the related regulatory asset or liability accounts, consistent with regulatory treatment. For NEE's non-rate regulated operations, changes in fair value of debt securities result in a corresponding adjustment to OCI, except for estimated credit losses and unrealized losses on debt securities intended or required to be sold prior to recovery of the amortized cost basis, which are recognized in other net in NEE's consolidated statements of income. Changes in fair value of equity securities are primarily recorded in change in unrealized gains (losses) on equity securities held in NEER's nuclear decommissioning funds net in NEE s consolidated statements of income. ) 
 
 Realized losses Proceeds from sale or maturity of securities 
 
 The unrealized gains and unrealized losses on available for sale debt securities and the fair value of available for sale debt securities in an unrealized loss position are as follows: 
 90 

Table of Contents 
 NEXTERA ENERGY, INC. AND FLORIDA POWER LIGHT COMPANY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Unrealized losses (a) 
 Fair value 
 ______________________ 
 (a) Unrealized losses on available for sale debt securities in an unrealized loss position for greater than twelve months at December 31, 2022 and 2021 were not material to NEE or FPL. 
 
 Regulations issued by the FERC and the NRC provide general risk management guidelines to protect nuclear decommissioning funds and to allow such funds to earn a reasonable return. The FERC regulations prohibit, among other investments, investments in any securities of NEE or its subsidiaries, affiliates or associates, excluding investments tied to market indices or mutual funds. Similar restrictions applicable to the decommissioning funds for NEER's nuclear plants are included in the NRC operating licenses for those facilities or in NRC regulations applicable to NRC licensees not in cost-of-service environments. With respect to the decommissioning fund for Seabrook, decommissioning fund contributions and withdrawals are also regulated by the NDFC pursuant to New Hampshire law. 
 
 The nuclear decommissioning reserve funds are managed by investment managers who must comply with the guidelines of NEE and FPL and the rules of the applicable regulatory authorities. The funds' assets are invested giving consideration to taxes, liquidity, risk, diversification and other prudent investment objectives. 
 
 Nonrecurring Fair Value Measurements NEE tests its equity method investments for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the investment may be impaired. During the preparation of NEE's December 31, 2020 financial statements, it was determined that NextEra Energy Resources' investment in Mountain Valley Pipeline, LLC (Mountain Valley Pipeline) accounted for under the equity method of accounting was other-than-temporarily impaired. The impairment is the result of continued legal and regulatory challenges that have resulted in substantial delays in achieving commercial operation and increased costs to complete construction. More specifically at the end of 2020 and into early 2021, developments in the legal, regulatory and political environment caused NextEra Energy Resources to consider the investment impaired and the impairment to be other than temporary. The challenges included legal challenges to the various permits needed to complete construction and the regulatory approvals received, regulatory challenges related to alternative construction plans and the extended construction period, and the political and environmental challenges with the construction of an interstate pipeline. Accordingly, NextEra Energy Resources performed a fair value analysis based on the market approach to determine the amount of the impairment. The challenges to complete construction and the resulting economic outlook for the pipeline were considered in determining the magnitude of the other-than-temporary impairment. Based on the fair value analysis, the equity method investment with a carrying amount of approximately billion was written down to its estimated fair value of approximately million as of December 31, 2020, resulting in an impairment charge of billion (or billion after tax), which is recorded in equity in earnings (losses) of equity method investees in NEE s consolidated statements of income for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 
 The fair value estimate was based on a probability-weighted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) multiple valuation technique using a market participant view of the potential different outcomes for the investment. As part of the valuation, NextEra Energy Resources used observable inputs where available, including the EBITDA multiples of recent pipeline transactions. Significant unobservable inputs (Level 3), including the probabilities assigned to the different potential outcomes, the forecasts of operating revenues and costs, and the projected capital expenditures to complete the project, were also used in the estimation of fair value. An increase in the revenue forecasts, a decrease in the projected operating or capital expenditures or an increase in the probability assigned to the full pipeline being completed would result in an increased fair market value. Changes in the opposite direction of those unobservable inputs would result in a decreased fair market value. 
 
 On February 2, 2022, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit (the 4th Circuit) vacated and remanded Mountain Valley Pipeline s Biological Opinion issued by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service. While NextEra Energy Resources continues to evaluate options and next steps with its joint venture partners, this event along with the 4th Circuit vacatur and remand of the U.S. Forest Service right-of-way grant on January 25, 2022 caused NextEra Energy Resources to re-evaluate its investment in Mountain Valley Pipeline for further other-than-temporary impairment, which evaluation coincided with the preparation of NEE's December 31, 2021 financial statements. As a result of this evaluation, it was determined that the continued legal and regulatory challenges have resulted in a very low probability of pipeline completion. Accordingly, NextEra Energy Resources updated its fair value estimate using the same probability-weighted EBITDA multiple valuation technique using a market participant view of the potential different outcomes for the investment as discussed above. Based on this fair value analysis, NextEra Energy Resources recorded an impairment charge in the first quarter of 2022 of approximately billion billion after tax), which is reflected in equity in earnings (losses) of equity method investees in NEE's consolidated statements of income for the year 
 91 

Table of Contents 
 NEXTERA ENERGY, INC. AND FLORIDA POWER LIGHT COMPANY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

billion, as well as the recording of a liability of approximately billion which reflects NextEra Energy Resources share of estimated future dismantlement costs. 

5. 
 
 million in January 2023 and will prospectively adjust base rates after a review by the FPSC for PTCs related to new solar generation facilities recovered in base rates during the term of the 2021 rate agreement (see Note 1 Rate Regulation). 
 
 ) Deferred 
 ) Total federal ) State: Current ) Deferred 
 Total state Total income taxes 
 
 Increases (reductions) resulting from: State income taxes net of federal income tax benefit 
 Taxes attributable to noncontrolling interests 
 PTCs and ITCs 
 ) ) ) ) ) ) Amortization of deferred regulatory credit ) ) ) ) ) ) Foreign operations (a) 
 ) Other net 
 ) ) ) ) ) Effective income tax rate 
 _________________________ 
 (a) The 2020 gain on sale of the Spain solar projects was not taxable for federal and state income tax purposes (see Note 1 Disposal of Businesses/Assets and Sale of Noncontrolling Ownership Interests). 
 
 92 

Table of Contents 
 NEXTERA ENERGY, INC. AND FLORIDA POWER LIGHT COMPANY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Pension Investments in partnerships and joint ventures Other Total deferred tax liabilities Deferred tax assets and valuation allowance: Decommissioning reserves Net operating loss carryforwards Tax credit carryforwards ARO and accrued asset removal costs Regulatory liabilities Other Valuation allowance (a) 
 ) ) Net deferred tax assets Net deferred income taxes 
 ______________________ 
 (a) Reflects valuation allowances related to deferred state tax credits and state operating loss carryforwards. 

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are included on the consolidated balance sheets as follows: 
 NEE FPL December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 2022 2021 (millions) Noncurrent other assets Deferred income taxes noncurrent liabilities 
 ) ) ) ) Net deferred income taxes ) ) ) ) 

(a) 
 2033 2037 State 2022 2042 Foreign (b) 
 2026 2042 Net operating loss carryforwards Tax credit carryforwards: Federal 2028 2042 State (c) 
 2023 2039 Foreign 2034 2042 Tax credit carryforwards 
 ______________________ 
 (a) Includes million of net operating loss carryforwards with an indefinite expiration period. 
 (b) Includes million of net operating loss carryforwards with an indefinite expiration period. 
 (c) Includes million of ITC carryforwards with an indefinite expiration period. 
 93 

Table of Contents 
 NEXTERA ENERGY, INC. AND FLORIDA POWER LIGHT COMPANY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

6 . 
 
 billion, primarily relating to property, plant and equipment, net of approximately billion and regulatory assets of billion, and assumed liabilities of approximately billion, including billion of debt, primarily long-term debt, million of deferred income taxes and million of regulatory liabilities. Additionally, goodwill of approximately billion and purchase accounting adjustments associated with the 2019 Gulf Power Company acquisition by NEE were transferred to FPL from Corporate and Other and, for impairment testing, the goodwill is included in the FPL reporting unit. The assets acquired and liabilities assumed by FPL were at carrying amounts as the merger was between entities under common control. 
 
 GridLiance On March 31, 2021, a wholly owned subsidiary of NEET acquired GridLiance, which owns and operates FERC-regulated transmission utilities with approximately miles of high-voltage transmission lines across states, in the Midwest and Nevada. The purchase price included approximately million in cash consideration, and the assumption of approximately million of debt, excluding post-closing adjustments. 
 
 Under the acquisition method, the purchase price was allocated to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their fair value. The approval by the FERC of GridLiance's rates, which is intended to allow GridLiance to collect total revenues equal to GridLiance's costs for the development, financing, construction, operation and maintenance of GridLiance, including a reasonable rate of return on invested capital, is considered a fundamental input in measuring the fair value of GridLiance's assets and liabilities and, as such, NEE concluded that the carrying values of all assets and liabilities recoverable through rates are representative of their fair values. As a result, NEE acquired assets of approximately million, primarily relating to property, plant and equipment, and assumed liabilities of approximately million, primarily relating to long-term debt. The acquisition agreements are subject to earn-out provisions for additional payments, valued at approximately million at March 31, 2021, to be made upon the completion of capital expenditures for future development projects (see Note 4 Contingent Consideration). The excess of the purchase price over the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed resulted in approximately million of goodwill which has been recognized on NEE's consolidated balance sheets, of which approximately million is expected to be deductible for tax purposes. Goodwill associated with the GridLiance acquisition is reflected within NEER and, for impairment testing, is included in the rate-regulated transmission reporting unit. The goodwill arising from the transaction represents expected benefits from continued expansion of NEE's regulated businesses. 
 
 RNG Acquisition On October 27, 2022, a wholly owned subsidiary of NextEra Energy Resources entered into several agreements to acquire of a portfolio of renewable energy projects from the owners of Energy Power Partners Fund I, L.P. and North American Sustainable Energy Fund, L.P., as well as the related service provider, for approximately billion, subject to closing adjustments, plus the assumption of approximately million of existing project finance debt estimated at the time of closing. The portfolio primarily consists of biogas projects, of which is an operating renewable natural gas facility and the others of which are primarily operating landfill gas-to-electric facilities. The acquisition is expected to close in early 2023, subject to receipt of required regulatory approvals including approvals from the FERC. 

7. 
 
 Nuclear fuel Construction work in progress Property, plant and equipment, gross Accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) ) ) Property, plant and equipment net 
 
 FPL At December 31, 2022, FPL's gross investment in electric plant in service and other property for the electric generation, transmission, distribution and general facilities of FPL represented approximately , , and , respectively; the respective amounts at December 31, 2021 were , , and . Substantially all of FPL's properties are subject to the lien of FPL's mortgage, which secures most debt securities issued by FPL. The weighted annual composite depreciation and 
 94 

Table of Contents 
 NEXTERA ENERGY, INC. AND FLORIDA POWER LIGHT COMPANY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

, and for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. In 2022, FPL recorded a one-time reserve amortization adjustment of approximately million, as required under the 2021 rate agreement, 50 of which was used to reduce the capital recovery regulatory asset balance and the other 50 to increase the storm reserve regulatory liability (see Note 1 Storm Funds, Storm Reserves and Storm Cost Recovery). In accordance with the 2016 rate agreement (see Note 1 Rate Regulation Base Rates Effective January 2017 through December 2021), FPL recorded reserve amortization (reversal) of approximately million and ) million in 2021 and 2020, respectively. During 2022, 2021 and 2020, FPL recorded AFUDC of approximately million, million and million , respectively, including the equity component of AFUDC of approximately million, million and million, respectively. 
 
 NEER At December 31, 2022, wind, solar and nuclear plants represented approximately , and , respectively, of NEER's depreciable electric plant in service and other property; the respective amounts at December 31, 2021 were , and . The estimated useful lives of NEER's plants range primarily from to years for wind plants, to years for solar plants and to years for nuclear plants. NEER's oil and gas production assets represented approximately and of NEER's depreciable electric plant in service and other property at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. A number of NEER's generation, regulated transmission and pipeline facilities are encumbered by liens securing various financings. The net book value of NEER's assets serving as collateral was approximately billion at December 31, 2022. Interest capitalized on construction projects amounted to approximately million, million and million during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Jointly-Owned Electric Plants Certain NEE subsidiaries own undivided interests in the jointly-owned facilities described below, and are entitled to a proportionate share of the output from those facilities. The subsidiaries are responsible for their share of the operating costs, as well as providing their own financing. Accordingly, each subsidiary's proportionate share of the facilities and related revenues and expenses is included in the appropriate balance sheet and statement of income captions. NEE's and FPL's respective shares of direct expenses for these facilities are included in fuel, purchased power and interchange expense, O M expenses, depreciation and amortization expense and taxes other than income taxes and other net in NEE's and FPL's consolidated statements of income. 
 
 Daniel Units Nos. 1 and 2 (b) 
 Scherer Unit No. 3 (c) 
 NEER: Seabrook Wyman Station Unit No. 4 Stanton Transmission substation assets located in Seabrook, New Hampshire 
 ______________________ 
 (a) Excludes nuclear fuel. 
 (b) FPL intends to retire its share of these units in 2024. Net book value is reflected in other property on NEE's and FPL's consolidated balance sheets. 

8. 
 
 million and million, respectively. The principal entities included in investment in equity method investees on NEE's consolidated balance sheets are NEP OpCo and Sabal Trail Transmission, LLC (Sabal Trail) (see Note 15 Contracts), and in 2021 also included Mountain Valley Pipeline (see Note 4 Nonrecurring Fair Value Measurements and Note 15 - Contracts) and Silver State South Solar, LLC. As of December 31, 2022, NEE's interest in the principal entities range from approximately to , and these entities primarily own natural gas pipelines or electric generation facilities. 
 
 95 

Table of Contents 
 NEXTERA ENERGY, INC. AND FLORIDA POWER LIGHT COMPANY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Operating income Net income Total assets Total liabilities Partners'/members' equity (a) 
 NEE's share of underlying equity in the principal entities Difference between investment carrying amount and underlying equity in net assets (b) 
 NEE's investment carrying amount for the principal entities 
 ______________________ 
 (a) Reflects NEE's interest, as well as third-party interests, in NEP OpCo. 
 (b) Approximately billion in 2022 and billion in 2021 is associated with NEP OpCo, of which approximately relates to goodwill and is not being amortized and the remaining balance is being amortized primarily over a period of to years. The difference for 2021 is net of an approximately billion impairment charge in 2020 related to NextEra Energy Resources' investment in Mountain Valley Pipeline. See Note 4 Nonrecurring Fair Value Measurements for a discussion of impairment charges in 2020 and 2022. 
 
 NextEra Energy Resources provides operational, management and administrative services as well as transportation and fuel management services to NEP and its subsidiaries under various agreements (service agreements). NextEra Energy Resources is also party to a cash sweep and credit support (CSCS) agreement with a subsidiary of NEP. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the cash sweep amounts (due to NEP and its subsidiaries) held in accounts belonging to NextEra Energy Resources or its subsidiaries were approximately million and million, respectively, and are included in accounts payable. Fee income related to the CSCS agreement and the service agreements totaled approximately million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and is included in operating revenues in NEE's consolidated statements of income. Amounts due from NEP of approximately million and million are included in other receivables and million and million are included in noncurrent other assets at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. See also Note 1 Disposal of Businesses/Assets and Sale of Noncontrolling Ownership Interests for amounts due to NEP for reimbursement of construction-related costs. NEECH or NextEra Energy Resources guaranteed or provided indemnifications, letters of credit or surety bonds totaling approximately million at December 31, 2022 primarily related to obligations on behalf of NEP's subsidiaries with maturity dates ranging from 2023 to 2059, including certain project performance obligations, obligations under financing and interconnection agreements and obligations, primarily incurred and future construction payables, associated with the December 2022 sale of projects to NEP (see Note 1 Disposal of Businesses/Assets and Sale of Noncontrolling Ownership Interests). Payment guarantees and related contracts with respect to unconsolidated entities for which NEE or one of its subsidiaries are the guarantor are recorded on NEE s consolidated balance sheets at fair value. At December 31, 2022, approximately million related to the fair value of the credit support provided under the CSCS agreement is recorded as noncurrent other liabilities on NEE's consolidated balance sheet. 
 
 During 2022, 2021 and 2020, certain services, primarily engineering, construction and maintenance services, were provided to subsidiaries of NEE by related parties that NEE accounts for under the equity method of accounting. Charges for these services amounted to approximately million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

9. 
 
 indirect subsidiaries of NextEra Energy Resources have an ownership interest ranging from approximately to in entities which own and operate solar facilities with the capability of producing a total of approximately MW, and own a solar generation and battery storage facility that is expected to have total generating/storage capacity of approximately MW and MW, respectively, upon completion of construction, which is expected in 2023. Each of the subsidiaries is considered a VIE since the non-managing members have no substantive rights over the managing members, and is consolidated by NextEra Energy Resources. These entities sell their electric output to third parties under power sales contracts with expiration dates ranging from 2035 through 2052. These entities have third-party debt which is secured by liens against the assets of the entities. The debt holders have no recourse to the general credit of NextEra Energy Resources for the repayment of debt. The assets and liabilities of these VIEs were approximately million and million, respectively, at December 31, 2022. There were of these consolidated VIEs at December 31, 2021 and the assets and liabilities of those VIEs at such date totaled approximately million and million, respectively. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the assets and liabilities of these 
 96 

Table of Contents 
 NEXTERA ENERGY, INC. AND FLORIDA POWER LIGHT COMPANY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

-mile electric transmission line that went into service during the first quarter of 2022. A NEET subsidiary is the primary beneficiary and controls the most significant activities of the VIE. NEET is entitled to receive of the profits and losses of the entity. The assets and liabilities of the VIE totaled approximately million and million, respectively, at December 31, 2022, and million and million, respectively, at December 31, 2021. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the assets of this VIE consisted primarily of property, plant and equipment. 
 
 NextEra Energy Resources consolidates a VIE which has a direct ownership interest in wind and solar generation facilities which have the capability of producing approximately MW and MW, respectively. These entities sell their electric output under power sales contracts to third parties with expiration dates ranging from 2025 through 2040. These entities are also considered a VIE because the holders of differential membership interests in these entities do not have substantive rights over the significant activities of these entities. The assets and liabilities of the VIE were approximately million and million, respectively, at December 31, 2022, and million and million, respectively, at December 31, 2021. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the assets of this VIE consisted primarily of property, plant and equipment. 
 
 NextEra Energy Resources consolidates 31 VIEs that primarily relate to certain subsidiaries which have sold differential membership interests in entities which own and operate wind generation, solar generation and battery storage facilities with generating/storage capacity of approximately MW, MW and MW, respectively, and own wind generation, solar generation and battery storage facilities that, upon completion of construction, which is anticipated in 2023, are expected to have generating/storage capacity of approximately MW, MW and MW, respectively. These entities sell, or will sell, their electric output either under power sales contracts to third parties with expiration dates ranging from 2024 through 2053 or in the spot market. These entities are considered VIEs because the holders of differential membership interests do not have substantive rights over the significant activities of these entities. NextEra Energy Resources has financing obligations with respect to these entities, including third-party debt which is secured by liens against the generation facilities and the other assets of these entities or by pledges of NextEra Energy Resources' ownership interest in these entities. The debt holders have no recourse to the general credit of NEER for the repayment of debt. The assets and liabilities of these VIEs totaled approximately million and million, respectively, at December 31, 2022. There were 33 of these consolidated VIEs at December 31, 2021 and the assets and liabilities of those VIEs at such date totaled approximately million and million, respectively. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the assets and liabilities of these VIEs consisted primarily of property, plant and equipment and accounts payable. At December 31, 2022, subsidiaries of NEE had guarantees related to certain obligations of three of these consolidated VIEs. 
 
 Other At December 31, 2022 and 2021, several NEE subsidiaries had investments totaling approximately million million at FPL) and million million at FPL), respectively, which are included in special use funds and noncurrent other assets on NEE's consolidated balance sheets and in special use funds on FPL's consolidated balance sheets. These investments represented primarily commingled funds and asset-backed securities. NEE subsidiaries, including FPL, are not the primary beneficiaries and therefore do not consolidate any of these entities because they do not control any of the ongoing activities of these entities, were not involved in the initial design of these entities and do not have a controlling financial interest in these entities. 
 
 Certain subsidiaries of NEE have noncontrolling interests in entities accounted for under the equity method, including NEE's noncontrolling interest in NEP OpCo (see Note 8). These entities are limited partnerships or similar entity structures in which the limited partners or non-managing members do not have substantive rights over the significant activities of these entities, and therefore are considered VIEs. NEE is not the primary beneficiary because it does not have a controlling financial interest in these entities, and therefore does not consolidate any of these entities. NEE s investment in these entities totaled approximately million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. At December 31, 2022, subsidiaries of NEE had guarantees related to certain obligations of one of these entities, as well as commitments to invest an additional approximately million in several of these entities. See further discussion of such guarantees and commitments in Note 15 Commitments and Contracts, respectively. 

10. 
 
 land use agreements with an expiration date of 2106, some of which include options to extend the leases up to years and some have options to terminate at NEE's discretion. At December 31, 2022, NEE s ROU assets and lease liabilities for operating leases totaled approximately million and million, respectively; the respective amounts at December 31, 2021 were million and million. At December 31, 2022, NEE s 
 97 

Table of Contents 
 NEXTERA ENERGY, INC. AND FLORIDA POWER LIGHT COMPANY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

million and million, respectively; the respective amounts at December 31, 2021 were million and million. NEE s lease liabilities at December 31, 2022 and 2021 were calculated using a weighted-average incremental borrowing rate at the lease inception of and , respectively, for operating leases and and , respectively, for finance leases, and a weighted-average remaining lease term of years and years, respectively, for operating leases and years and years, respectively, for finance leases. At December 31, 2022, expected lease payments over the remaining terms of the leases were approximately billion with no one year being material. NEE's operating lease cost for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 totaled approximately million, million and million, respectively. Other operating and finance lease-related amounts were not material to NEE's consolidated statements of income or cash flows for the periods presented. 
 
 NEE has operating and sales-type leases primarily related to a natural gas and oil electric generation facility and certain battery storage facilities that sell their electric output under power sales agreements to third parties which provide the customers the ability to dispatch the facilities. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, NEE recorded a net investment in sales-type leases of approximately million and million, respectively. At December 31, 2022, the power sales agreements have expiration dates from 2024 to 2043 and NEE expects to receive approximately billion of lease payments over the remaining terms of the power sales agreements with no one year being material. Operating and sales-type lease-related amounts were not material to NEE's consolidated statements of income for the periods presented. 

11. 
 
 Liabilities incurred Accretion expense Liabilities settled ) (a) 
 ) Revision in estimated cash flows net 
 ) (b) 
 (c) 
 Balances, December 31, 2021 (d) 
 (d) 
 Liabilities incurred Accretion expense Liabilities settled ) (a) 
 ) Revision in estimated cash flows net 
 
 Balances, December 31, 2022 (d) 
 (d) 
 
 ______________________ 
 (a) Includes approximately million and million related to project sales to NEP as well as other sales of businesses and assets during the years ending December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. See Note 1 Disposal of Businesses/Assets and Sale of Noncontrolling Ownership Interests. 
 (b) The increase at FPL discussed in (c) was offset primarily by the effect of revised cost estimates and useful lives of NEER's solar facilities. 
 (c) Primarily reflects the effect of pending license extension requests of St. Lucie Units Nos. 1 and 2 for an additional years. 
 (d) Includes the current portion of AROs as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 of approximately million million for FPL) and million million for FPL), respectively, which are included in other current liabilities on NEE's and FPL's consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 Balances, December 31, 2021 
 
 NEE and FPL have identified but not recognized ARO liabilities related to the majority of their electric transmission and distribution assets and pipelines resulting from easements over property not owned by NEE or FPL. These easements are generally perpetual and only require retirement action upon abandonment or cessation of use of the property or facility for its specified purpose. The related ARO liability is not estimable for such easements as NEE and FPL intend to use these properties 
 98 

Table of Contents 
 NEXTERA ENERGY, INC. AND FLORIDA POWER LIGHT COMPANY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

12. 
 
 million million for FPL) and million million for FPL) at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Actual return on plan assets ) Benefit payments 
 ) ) Fair value of plan assets at December 31 Change in pension benefit obligation: Obligation at January 1 Service cost 
 Interest cost 
 Special termination benefit (a) 
 Plan amendments 
 Actuarial gains net 
 ) ) Benefit payments ) ) Obligation at December 31 (b) 
 Funded status: Prepaid pension benefit costs at NEE at December 31 Prepaid pension benefit costs at FPL at December 31 (c) 
 
 _________________________ 
 (a) Reflects enhanced early retirement benefit. 
 (b) NEE's accumulated pension benefit obligation, which includes no assumption about future salary levels, at December 31, 2022 and 2021 was approximately million and million, respectively. 
 (c) Reflects FPL's allocated benefits under NEE's pension plan. 
 
 tax expense and tax expense, respectively) 
 Unrecognized gains (losses) (net of tax benefit and tax expense, respectively) 
 ) Total ) 
 
 ) Unrecognized losses (gains) ) Total ) 
 
 99 

Table of Contents 
 NEXTERA ENERGY, INC. AND FLORIDA POWER LIGHT COMPANY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Salary increase Weighted-average interest crediting rate 
 
 NEE's investment policy for the pension plan recognizes the benefit of protecting the plan's funded status, thereby avoiding the necessity of future employer contributions. Its broad objectives are to achieve a high rate of total return with a prudent level of risk taking while maintaining sufficient liquidity and diversification to avoid large losses and preserve capital over the long term. 
 
 The NEE pension plan fund's current target asset allocation, which is expected to be reached over time, is equity investments, fixed income investments, alternative investments and convertible securities. The pension fund's investment strategy emphasizes traditional investments, broadly diversified across the global equity and fixed income markets, using a combination of different investment styles and vehicles. The pension fund's equity and fixed income holdings consist of both directly held securities as well as commingled investment arrangements such as common and collective trusts, pooled separate accounts, registered investment companies and limited partnerships. The pension fund's convertible security assets are principally direct holdings of convertible securities and include a convertible security oriented limited partnership. The pension fund's alternative investments consist primarily of private equity and real estate oriented investments in limited partnerships as well as absolute return oriented limited partnerships that use a broad range of investment strategies on a global basis. 
 
 Equity commingled vehicles (c) 
 U.S. Government and municipal bonds Corporate debt securities (d) 
 Asset-backed securities (e) 
 Debt security commingled vehicles Convertible securities (f) 
 Total investments in the fair value hierarchy Total investments measured at net asset value (g) 
 Total fair value of plan assets 
 _____________________ 
 (a) See Notes 3 and 4 for discussion of fair value measurement techniques and inputs. 
 (b) Includes foreign investments of million. 
 (c) Includes foreign investments of million. 
 (d) Includes foreign investments of million. 
 (e) Includes foreign investments of million. 
 (f) Includes foreign investments of million. 
 (g) Includes foreign investments of million. 
 
 100 

Table of Contents 
 NEXTERA ENERGY, INC. AND FLORIDA POWER LIGHT COMPANY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Equity commingled vehicles (c) 
 U.S. Government and municipal bonds Corporate debt securities (d) 
 Asset-backed securities Debt security commingled vehicles (e) 
 Convertible securities (f) 
 Total investments in the fair value hierarchy Total investments measured at net asset value (g) 
 Total fair value of plan assets 
 ______________________ 
 (a) See Notes 3 and 4 for discussion of fair value measurement techniques and inputs. 
 (b) Includes foreign investments of million. 
 (c) Includes foreign investments of million. 
 (d) Includes foreign investments of million. 
 (e) Includes foreign investments of million. 
 (f) Includes foreign investments of million. 
 (g) Includes foreign investments of million. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 2032 

Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) Amortization of actuarial loss Amortization of prior service benefit ) ) ) ) ) ) Special termination benefit Benefit plan settlement Net periodic (income) cost at NEE ) ) ) ) ) Net periodic (income) cost allocated to FPL ) ) ) ) ) 
 101 

Table of Contents 
 NEXTERA ENERGY, INC. AND FLORIDA POWER LIGHT COMPANY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

tax benefit) 
 ) Net gains (losses) (net of tax benefit, tax expense and tax expense, respectively) 
 ) Amortization of unrecognized losses (net of tax expense, tax expense and tax expense, respectively) 
 Total ) 
 
 ) Unrecognized losses (gains) ) Amortization of prior service benefit Amortization of unrecognized losses ) ) Total ) 
 
 Salary increase Expected long-term rate of return, net of investment management fees Weighted-average interest crediting rate 
 
 million, million and million for NEE million, million and million for FPL) for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 102 

Table of Contents 
 NEXTERA ENERGY, INC. AND FLORIDA POWER LIGHT COMPANY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

13. 
 
 Pollution control, solid waste disposal and industrial development revenue bonds primarily variable (a) 
 2023-2052 Senior unsecured notes primarily variable (b)(c) 
 2023-2072 Other long-term debt primarily variable (c) 
 2046 Unamortized debt issuance costs and discount ) ) Total long-term debt of FPL Less current portion of long-term debt Long-term debt of FPL, excluding current portion NEER: NextEra Energy Resources: Senior secured limited-recourse long-term debt variable (c)(d) 
 2024-2037 Senior secured limited-recourse long-term loans fixed 
 2028-2052 Other long-term debt primarily variable (c)(d) 
 2026-2048 
 NEET long-term debt primarily fixed (d) 
 2023-2052 Unamortized debt issuance costs and premium ) ) Total long-term debt of NEER Less current portion of long-term debt Long-term debt of NEER, excluding current portion NEECH: Debentures fixed 
 2023-2062 Debentures variable (c) 
 2023-2024 Debentures, related to NEE's equity units fixed 2025-2027 Junior subordinated debentures primarily fixed (d) 
 2057-2082 Japanese yen denominated long-term debt primarily variable (c)(d)(e) 
 2023-2030 Australian dollar denominated long-term debt fixed (e) 
 2026 Other long-term debt fixed 2023 Other long-term debt variable (c) 
 2024 Unamortized debt issuance costs, premium ) ) Total long-term debt of NEECH Less current portion of long-term debt Long-term debt of NEECH, excluding current portion Total long-term debt 
 ______________________ 
 (a) Includes variable rate tax exempt bonds that permit individual bondholders to tender the bonds for purchase at any time prior to maturity. In the event these variable rate tax exempt bonds are tendered for purchase, they would be remarketed by a designated remarketing agent in accordance with the related indenture. If the remarketing is unsuccessful, FPL would be required to purchase these variable rate tax exempt bonds. At December 31, 2022, these variable rate tax exempt bonds totaled approximately million. All variable rate tax exempt bonds tendered for purchase have been successfully remarketed. FPL's syndicated revolving credit facilities are available to support the purchase of the variable rate tax exempt bonds. Variable interest rate is established at various intervals by the remarketing agent. 
 (b) At December 31, 2022, includes approximately million of floating rate notes that permit individual noteholders to require repayment at specified dates prior to maturity. FPL s syndicated revolving credit facilities are available to support the purchase of the floating rate notes. 
 (c) Variable rate is based on an underlying index plus a specified margin. 
 (d) Interest rate contracts, primarily swaps, have been entered into with respect to certain of these debt issuances. See Note 3. 
 (e) Foreign currency contracts have been entered into with respect to these debt issuances. See Note 3. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, minimum annual maturities of long - term debt for NEE are approximately million, million, million, million and million for 2023, 2024, 2025, 2026 and 2027, respectively. The respective amounts for FPL are approximately million, million, million, million and million. 
 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, short-term borrowings had a weighted-average interest rate of for FPL) and for FPL), respectively. Subsidiaries of NEE, including FPL, had credit facilities with total capacity at December 31, 2022 of approximately billion billion for FPL) which provide for the funding of loans and/or issuance of letters of 
 103 

Table of Contents 
 NEXTERA ENERGY, INC. AND FLORIDA POWER LIGHT COMPANY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

billion million for FPL). There were borrowings outstanding under these credit facilities at December 31, 2022. At February 17, 2023, NEE, including FPL, had credit facilities with total capacity of approximately billion billion for FPL). 
 
 NEE has guaranteed certain payment obligations of NEECH, including most of those under NEECH's debt, including all of its debentures and commercial paper issuances, as well as most of its payment guarantees and indemnifications. NEECH has guaranteed certain debt and other obligations of subsidiaries within the NEER segment. 
 
 In August 2022, NEECH completed a remarketing of billion aggregate principal amount of its Series J Debentures due September 1, 2024 that were issued in September 2019 as components of equity units issued concurrently by NEE (September 2019 equity units). The debentures are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by NEE. In connection with the remarketing of the debentures, the interest rate on the debentures was reset to per year, and interest is payable on March 1 and September 1 of each year, commencing September 1, 2022. In connection with the settlement of the contracts to purchase NEE common stock that were issued as components of the September 2019 equity units, on September 1, 2022, NEE issued approximately million shares of common stock in exchange for billion. 
 
 As a result of the four-for-one stock split of NEE common stock effective October 26, 2020 (2020 stock split) (and adjustments related to the dividend rate), the fixed settlement rates of NEE s two outstanding series of Corporate Units sold in 2020 have been adjusted as described below. In addition, these two series of Corporate Units provide that the applicable market value (as described below) for each series of Corporate Units will also be adjusted (when determined) to give effect to the 2020 stock split and certain other anti-dilution adjustments to determine the applicable settlement rate. However, for purposes of the presentation below, corresponding adjustments were instead made to the reference prices and the threshold appreciation prices for these two series of Corporate Units to present the practical effect of the antidilution adjustments as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 In February 2020, NEE sold billion of equity units (initially consisting of Corporate Units). Each equity unit has a stated amount of and consists of a contract to purchase NEE common stock (stock purchase contract) and, initially, a undivided beneficial ownership interest in a Series K Debenture due March 1, 2025, issued in the principal amount of by NEECH. Each stock purchase contract requires the holder to purchase by no later than March 1, 2023 (the final settlement date) for a price of in cash, a number of shares of NEE common stock (subject to antidilution adjustments) based on a price per share range described in the following sentence. If purchased on the final settlement date, as of December 31, 2022, the number of shares issued per equity unit would (subject to antidilution adjustments) range from shares if the applicable market value of a share of NEE common stock is less than or equal to (the adjusted reference price) to shares if the applicable market value of a share is equal to or greater than (the adjusted threshold appreciation price), with the applicable market value to be determined using the average closing prices of NEE common stock over a -day trading period ending February 24, 2023. Total annual distributions on the equity units are at the rate of , consisting of interest on the debentures per year) and payments under the stock purchase contracts per year). The interest rate on the debentures is expected to be reset on or after September 1, 2022. A holder of an equity unit may satisfy its purchase obligation with proceeds raised from remarketing the NEECH debentures that are part of its equity unit. The undivided beneficial ownership interest in the NEECH debenture that is a component of each Corporate Unit is pledged to NEE to secure the holder's obligation to purchase NEE common stock under the related stock purchase contract. If a successful remarketing does not occur on or before the third business day prior to the final settlement date, and a holder has not notified NEE of its intention to settle the stock purchase contract with cash, the debentures that are components of the Corporate Units will be used to satisfy in full the holders' obligations to purchase NEE common stock under the related stock purchase contracts on the final settlement date. The debentures are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by NEE. 
 
 In September 2020, NEE sold billion of equity units (initially consisting of Corporate Units). Each equity unit has a stated amount of and consists of a contract to purchase NEE common stock (stock purchase contract) and, initially, a undivided beneficial ownership interest in a Series L Debenture due September 1, 2025, issued in the principal amount of by NEECH. Each stock purchase contract requires the holder to purchase by no later than September 1, 2023 (the final settlement date) for a price of in cash, a number of shares of NEE common stock (subject to antidilution adjustments) based on a price per share range described in the following sentence. If purchased on the final settlement date, as of December 31, 2022, the number of shares issued per equity unit would (subject to antidilution adjustments) range from shares if the applicable market value of a share of NEE common stock is less than or equal to (the adjusted reference price) to shares if the applicable market value of a share is equal to or greater than (the adjusted threshold appreciation price), with the applicable market value to be determined using the average closing prices of NEE common stock over a -day trading period ending August 29, 2023. Total annual distributions on the equity units are at the rate of , consisting of interest on the debentures per year) and payments under the stock purchase contracts per year). The interest rate on the debentures is expected to be reset on or after March 1, 2023. A holder of an equity unit may satisfy its purchase obligation with proceeds raised from remarketing the NEECH debentures that are part of its equity unit. The undivided beneficial ownership interest in the NEECH debenture that is a component of each Corporate Unit is pledged to NEE to secure the holder's obligation to purchase NEE common stock under the related stock purchase contract. If a successful remarketing does not occur on or before the third business day prior to the final settlement date, and a holder has not notified NEE of its intention to settle the stock purchase contract with cash, the debentures that are components of the Corporate Units will be used to satisfy in full the 
 104 

Table of Contents 
 NEXTERA ENERGY, INC. AND FLORIDA POWER LIGHT COMPANY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

billion of equity units (initially consisting of Corporate Units). Each equity unit has a stated amount of and consists of a contract to purchase NEE common stock (stock purchase contract) and, initially, a undivided beneficial ownership interest in a Series M Debenture due September 1, 2027, issued in the principal amount of by NEECH. Each stock purchase contract requires the holder to purchase by no later than September 1, 2025 (the final settlement date) for a price of in cash, a number of shares of NEE common stock (subject to antidilution adjustments) based on a price per share range described in the following sentence. If purchased on the final settlement date, as of December 31, 2022, the number of shares issued per equity unit would (subject to antidilution adjustments) range from shares if the applicable market value of a share of NEE common stock is less than or equal to (the reference price) to shares if the applicable market value of a share is equal to or greater than (the threshold appreciation price), with the applicable market value to be determined using the average closing prices of NEE common stock over a -day trading period ending August 27, 2025. Total annual distributions on the equity units are at the rate of , consisting of interest on the debentures per year) and payments under the stock purchase contracts per year). The interest rate on the debentures is expected to be reset on or after March 1, 2025. A holder of an equity unit may satisfy its purchase obligation with proceeds raised from remarketing the NEECH debentures that are part of its equity unit. The undivided beneficial ownership interest in the NEECH debenture that is a component of each Corporate Unit is pledged to NEE to secure the holder's obligation to purchase NEE common stock under the related stock purchase contract. If a successful remarketing does not occur on or before the third business day prior to the final settlement date, and a holder has not notified NEE of its intention to settle the stock purchase contract with cash, the debentures that are components of the Corporate Units will be used to satisfy in full the holders' obligations to purchase NEE common stock under the related stock purchase contracts on the final settlement date. The debentures are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by NEE. 
 
 Prior to the issuance of NEE s common stock, the stock purchase contracts, if dilutive, will be reflected in NEE s diluted earnings per share calculations using the treasury stock method. Under this method, the number of shares of NEE common stock used in calculating diluted earnings per share is deemed to be increased by the excess, if any, of the number of shares that would be issued upon settlement of the stock purchase contracts over the number of shares that could be purchased by NEE in the market, at the average market price during the period, using the proceeds receivable upon settlement. 
 
 billion principal amount of its Debentures with interest rates ranging from to and maturity dates ranging from 2028 to 2053. 

14. 

Denominator: Weighted-average number of common shares outstanding basic Equity units, stock options, performance share awards and restricted stock (a) 
 Weighted-average number of common shares outstanding assuming dilution Earnings per share attributable to NEE: Basic Assuming dilution 
 ______________________ 
 (a) Calculated using the treasury stock method. Performance share awards are included in diluted weighted-average number of common shares outstanding based upon what would be issued if the end of the reporting period was the end of the term of the award. 
 
 Common shares issuable pursuant to equity units, stock options and/or performance share awards, as well as restricted stock which were not included in the denominator above due to their antidilutive effect were approximately million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 On September 14, 2020, NEE's board of directors approved a -for-one split of NEE common stock effective October 26, 2020. NEE's authorized common stock increased from million to billion shares. All share and share-based data included in NEE's consolidated financial statements reflect the effect of the 2020 stock split. 
 
 105 

Table of Contents 
 NEXTERA ENERGY, INC. AND FLORIDA POWER LIGHT COMPANY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

million, million and million, respectively, principal amount of new senior unsecured convertible notes. Holders of these notes may convert all or a portion of the notes in accordance with the related indenture. Upon conversion, NEP will pay cash up to the principal amount of the notes to be converted and pay or deliver, as the case may be, cash, NEP common units or a combination of cash and common units, at NEP's election, in respect of the remainder, if any, of NEP's conversion obligation in excess of the principal amount of the notes being converted. 
 
 Common Stock Dividend Restrictions NEE's charter does not limit the dividends that may be paid on its common stock. FPL's mortgage securing FPL's first mortgage bonds contains provisions which, under certain conditions, restrict the payment of dividends and other distributions to NEE. These restrictions do not currently limit FPL's ability to pay dividends to NEE. 
 
 Stock-Based Compensation Net income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 includes approximately million, million and million, respectively, of compensation costs and million, million and million, respectively, of income tax benefits related to stock-based compensation arrangements. Compensation cost capitalized for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was not material. At December 31, 2022, there were approximately million of unrecognized compensation costs related to nonvested/nonexercisable stock-based compensation arrangements. These costs are expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, approximately million shares of common stock were authorized for awards to officers, employees and non-employee directors of NEE and its subsidiaries under NEE's: (a) 2021 Long Term Incentive Plan, (b) 2017 Non-Employee Directors Stock Plan and (c) earlier equity compensation plans under which shares are reserved for issuance under existing grants, but additional shares are available for grant under the earlier plans. NEE satisfies restricted stock and performance share awards by issuing new shares of its common stock or by purchasing shares of its common stock in the open market. NEE satisfies stock option exercises by issuing new shares of its common stock. NEE generally grants most of its stock-based compensation awards in the first quarter of each year. 
 
 Restricted Stock and Performance Share Awards Restricted stock typically vests within after the date of grant and is subject to, among other things, restrictions on transferability prior to vesting. The fair value of restricted stock is measured based upon the closing market price of NEE common stock as of the date of grant. Performance share awards are typically payable at the end of a performance period if the specified performance criteria are met. The fair value for the majority of performance share awards is estimated based upon the closing market price of NEE common stock as of the date of grant less the present value of expected dividends, multiplied by an estimated performance multiple which is subsequently trued up based on actual performance. 
 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Nonvested balance, December 31, 2022 Performance Share Awards: Nonvested balance, January 1, 2022 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Nonvested balance, December 31, 2022 
 
 The weighted-average grant date fair value per share of restricted stock granted for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 was and respectively. The weighted-average grant date fair value per share of performance share awards granted for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 was and , respectively. 
 
 The total fair value of restricted stock and performance share awards vested was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 106 

Table of Contents 
 NEXTERA ENERGY, INC. AND FLORIDA POWER LIGHT COMPANY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

after the date of grant and have a maximum term of . The exercise price of each option granted equals the closing market price of NEE common stock on the date of grant. 

Expected dividends 

Expected term (years) (b) 
 Risk-free rate 

______________________ 
 (a) Based on historical experience. 
 (b) Based on historical exercise and post-vesting cancellation experience adjusted for outstanding awards. 
 
 Granted Exercised ) Forfeited ) Balance, December 31, 2022 Exercisable, December 31, 2022 
 
 The weighted-average grant date fair value of options granted was , and per share for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The total intrinsic value of stock options exercised was approximately million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Cash received from option exercises was approximately million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The tax benefits realized from options exercised were approximately million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Preferred Stock NEE's charter authorizes the issuance of million shares of serial preferred stock, par value, of which are outstanding. FPL's charter authorizes the issuance of shares of preferred stock, par value, million shares of subordinated preferred stock, par value, and million shares of preferred stock, par value, of which are outstanding. 
 
 107 

Table of Contents 
 NEXTERA ENERGY, INC. AND FLORIDA POWER LIGHT COMPANY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 
 ) ) ) Other comprehensive income before reclassifications Amounts reclassified from AOCI 
 (a) 
 ) (b) 
 (c) 
 Net other comprehensive income Less other comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests 
 ) ) Impact of disposal of a business (d) 
 ) (d) 
 Balances, December 31, 2020 ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI 
 (a) 
 ) (b) 
 (c) 
 Net other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Less other comprehensive loss attributable to noncontrolling interests Balances, December 31, 2021 ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) ) ) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI 
 (a) 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 Net other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) ) Less other comprehensive loss attributable to noncontrolling interests Balances, December 31, 2022 ) ) ) ) Attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) 
 ______________________ 
 (a) Reclassified to interest expense in NEE's consolidated statements of income. See Note 3 Income Statement Impact of Derivative Instruments. 
 (b) Reclassified to gains on disposal of investments and other property net in NEE's consolidated statements of income. 
 (c) Reclassified to other net periodic benefit income in NEE's consolidated statements of income. 
 (d) Reclassified to gains on disposal of businesses/assets net and interest expense in NEE's consolidated statements of income. See Note 3 Income Statement Impact of Derivative Instruments and Note 1 Disposal of Businesses/Assets and Sale of Noncontrolling Ownership Interests. 
 
 108 

Table of Contents 
 NEXTERA ENERGY, INC. AND FLORIDA POWER LIGHT COMPANY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

15. 
 
 Existing Transmission and distribution (c) 
 Nuclear fuel 
 General and other 
 Total NEER: (d) 
 Wind (e) 
 Solar (f) 
 Other clean energy (g) 
 Nuclear, including nuclear fuel 
 Rate-regulated transmission 
 Other 
 Total 
 ______________________ 
 (a) Includes AFUDC of approximately million, million, million, million and million for 2023 through 2027, respectively. 
 (b) Includes land, generation structures, transmission interconnection and integration and licensing. 
 (c) Includes AFUDC of approximately million, million, million, million and million for 2023 through 2027, respectively. 
 (d) Represents capital expenditures for which applicable internal approvals and also, if required, regulatory approvals have been received. 
 (e) Consists of capital expenditures for new wind projects and repowering of existing wind projects totaling approximately MW, and related transmission. 
 (f) Includes capital expenditures for new solar projects (including solar plus battery storage projects) totaling approximately MW and related transmission. 

The above estimates are subject to continuing review and adjustment and actual capital expenditures may vary significantly from these estimates. For example, the timing and ultimate cost associated with solar capital expenditures may vary due to supply chain disruptions from Southeast Asian locations. 
 
 In addition to guarantees noted in Note 8 with regards to NEP, NEECH has guaranteed or provided indemnifications or letters of credit related to third parties, including certain obligations of investments in joint ventures accounted for under the equity method, totaling approximately million at December 31, 2022. These obligations primarily related to guaranteeing the residual value of certain financing leases. Payment guarantees and related contracts with respect to unconsolidated entities for which NEE or one of its subsidiaries are the guarantor are recorded at fair value and are included in noncurrent other liabilities on NEE s consolidated balance sheets. Management believes that the exposure associated with these guarantees is not material. 
 
 Contracts In addition to the commitments made in connection with the estimated capital expenditures included in the table in Commitments above, FPL has firm commitments under long-term contracts primarily for the transportation of natural gas with expiration dates through 2042. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, NEER has entered into contracts with expiration dates through 2033 primarily for the purchase of wind turbines, wind towers and solar modules and related construction and development activities, as well as for the supply of uranium, and the conversion, enrichment and fabrication of nuclear fuel. Approximately billion of related commitments are included in the estimated capital expenditures table in Commitments above. In addition, NEER has contracts primarily for the transportation and storage of natural gas with expiration dates through 2041. 
 
 109 

Table of Contents 
 NEXTERA ENERGY, INC. AND FLORIDA POWER LIGHT COMPANY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

NEER (b)(c)(d) 
 
 _______________________ 
 (a) Includes approximately million, million, million, million, million and million in 2023 through 2027 and thereafter, respectively, of firm commitments related to the natural gas transportation agreements with Sabal Trail and Florida Southeast Connection, LLC. The charges associated with these agreements are recoverable through the fuel clause and totaled approximately million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, of which million, million and million, respectively, were eliminated in consolidation at NEE. 
 (b) Excludes commitments related to equity contributions and a -year natural gas transportation agreement (approximately million per year) with a joint venture, in which NEER has a equity investment, that is constructing a natural gas pipeline. These commitments are subject to the completion of construction of the pipeline which has a very low probability of completion. See Note 4 Nonrecurring Fair Value Measurements . 
 (c) Includes approximately million of commitments to invest in technology and other investments through 2031. See Note 9 Other. 
 (d) Includes approximately million, million, million, million, and for 2023 through 2027 and thereafter, respectively, of joint obligations of NEECH and NEER. 
 
 Insurance Liability for accidents at nuclear power plants is governed by the Price-Anderson Act, which limits the liability of nuclear reactor owners to the amount of insurance available from both private sources and an industry retrospective payment plan. In accordance with this Act, NEE maintains million of private liability insurance per site, which is the maximum obtainable, except at Duane Arnold which obtained an exemption from the NRC and maintains a million private liability insurance limit. Each site, except Duane Arnold, participates in a secondary financial protection system, which provides up to billion of liability insurance coverage per incident at any nuclear reactor in the U.S. Under the secondary financial protection system, NEE is subject to retrospective assessments of up to million million for FPL), plus any applicable taxes, per incident at any nuclear reactor in the U.S., payable at a rate not to exceed million million for FPL) per incident per year. NextEra Energy Resources and FPL are contractually entitled to recover a proportionate share of such assessments from the owners of minority interests in Seabrook and St. Lucie Unit No. 2, which approximates million and million, plus any applicable taxes, per incident, respectively. 
 
 NEE participates in a nuclear insurance mutual company that provides billion of limited insurance coverage per occurrence per site for property damage, decontamination and premature decommissioning risks at its nuclear plants and a sublimit of billion for non-nuclear perils, except for Duane Arnold which has a limit of million for property damage, decontamination risks and non-nuclear perils. NEE participates in co-insurance of of the first million of losses per site per occurrence, except at Duane Arnold. The proceeds from such insurance, however, must first be used for reactor stabilization and site decontamination before they can be used for plant repair. NEE also participates in an insurance program that provides limited coverage for replacement power costs if a nuclear plant is out of service for an extended period of time because of an accident. In the event of an accident at one of NEE's or another participating insured's nuclear plants, NEE could be assessed up to million million for FPL), plus any applicable taxes, in retrospective premiums in a policy year. NextEra Energy Resources and FPL are contractually entitled to recover a proportionate share of such assessments from the owners of minority interests in Seabrook, Duane Arnold and St. Lucie Unit No. 2, which approximates million, million and million, plus any applicable taxes, respectively. 
 
 Due to the high cost and limited coverage available from third-party insurers, NEE does not have property insurance coverage for a substantial portion of either its transmission and distribution property or natural gas pipeline assets. If FPL's storm restoration costs exceed the storm reserve, such storm restoration costs may be recovered, subject to prudence review by the FPSC, through surcharges approved by the FPSC or through securitization provisions pursuant to Florida law. See Note 1 Storm Funds, Storm Reserves and Storm Cost Recovery. 
 
 In the event of a loss, the amount of insurance available might not be adequate to cover property damage and other expenses incurred. Uninsured losses and other expenses, to the extent not recovered from customers in the case of FPL, would be borne by NEE and FPL and could have a material adverse effect on NEE's and FPL's financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. 

16. 

110 

Table of Contents 
 NEXTERA ENERGY, INC. AND FLORIDA POWER LIGHT COMPANY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

) Operating expenses net (b) 
 Gains (losses) on disposal of businesses/assets net 
 ) Interest expense ) Depreciation and amortization 
 Equity in earnings of equity method investees Income tax expense (benefit) (c) 
 ) (c) 
 Net income (loss) 
 ) Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests Net income attributable to NEE Capital expenditures, independent power and other investments and nuclear fuel purchases 
 Property, plant and equipment net Total assets Investment in equity method investees 
 
 _________________________ 
 (a) Interest expense allocated from NEECH to NextEra Energy Resources' subsidiaries is based on a deemed capital structure of 70 debt and differential membership interests sold by NextEra Energy Resources' subsidiaries. Residual NEECH corporate interest expense is included in Corporate and Other. 
 (b) FPL's income statement line for total operating expenses net includes gains (losses) on disposal of businesses/assets net. 
 (c) Includes PTCs that were recognized based on its tax sharing agreement with NEE. See Note 1 Income Taxes. 

2021 FPL NEER (a) 
 Corp. and Other NEE Consolidated (millions) Operating revenues ) Operating expenses net (b) 
 Gains (losses) on disposal of businesses/assets net 
 ) Interest expense Depreciation and amortization 
 Equity in earnings of equity method investees Income tax expense (benefit) ) (c) 
 ) Net income (loss) 
 ) ) Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests Net income (loss) attributable to NEE ) Capital expenditures, independent power and other investments and nuclear fuel purchases 
 Property, plant and equipment net Total assets Investment in equity method investees 
 
 _________________________ 
 (a) Interest expense allocated from NEECH to NextEra Energy Resources' subsidiaries is based on a deemed capital structure of 70 debt and differential membership interests sold by NextEra Energy Resources' subsidiaries. Residual NEECH corporate interest expense is included in Corporate and Other. 
 (b) FPL's income statement line for total operating expenses net includes gains (losses) on disposal of businesses/assets net. 
 (c) Includes PTCs that were recognized based on its tax sharing agreement with NEE. See Note 1 Income Taxes. 
 
 111 

Table of Contents 
 NEXTERA ENERGY, INC. AND FLORIDA POWER LIGHT COMPANY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Concluded) 

 ) Operating expenses net Gains (losses) on disposal of businesses/assets net 
 ) Interest expense Depreciation and amortization 
 Equity in losses of equity method investees ) ) Income tax expense (benefit) ) (b) 
 ) Net income (loss) ) ) Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests Net income (loss) attributable to NEE ) Capital expenditures, independent power and other investments and nuclear fuel purchases 
 Property, plant and equipment net Total assets Investment in equity method investees 
 
 _________________________ 
 (a) Interest expense allocated from NEECH to NextEra Energy Resources' subsidiaries is based on a deemed capital structure of debt and differential membership interests sold by NextEra Energy Resources' subsidiaries. Residual NEECH corporate interest expense is included in Corporate and Other. 
 (b) Includes PTCs that were recognized based on its tax sharing agreement with NEE. See Note 1 Income Taxes. 

112 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 None 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, each of NEE and FPL had performed an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of its management, including NEE's and FPL's chief executive officer and chief financial officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of each company's disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)). Based upon that evaluation, the chief executive officer and the chief financial officer of each of NEE and FPL concluded that the company's disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 (a) Management's Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 See Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 
 (b) Attestation Report of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 See Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 
 (c) Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 NEE and FPL are continuously seeking to improve the efficiency and effectiveness of their operations and of their internal controls. This results in refinements to processes throughout NEE and FPL. However, there has been no change in NEE's or FPL's internal control over financial reporting (as defined in the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) that occurred during NEE's and FPL's most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, NEE's or FPL's internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 
 None 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 Not applicable 
 
 113 

Table of Contents 

 PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 The information required by this item will be included under the headings "Business of the Annual Meeting," "Information About NextEra Energy and Management" and "Corporate Governance and Board Matters" in NEE's Proxy Statement which will be filed with the SEC in connection with the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (NEE's Proxy Statement) and is incorporated herein by reference, or is included in Item 1. Business Information About Our Executive Officers. 
 
 NEE has adopted the NextEra Energy, Inc. Code of Ethics for Senior Executive and Financial Officers (the Senior Financial Executive Code), which is applicable to the chief executive officer, the chief financial officer, the chief accounting officer and other senior executive and financial officers. The Senior Financial Executive Code is available under Corporate Governance in the Investor Relations section of NEE s internet website at www.nexteraenergy.com. Any amendments or waivers of the Senior Financial Executive Code which are required to be disclosed to shareholders under SEC rules will be disclosed on the NEE website at the address listed above. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 
 The information required by this item will be included in NEE's Proxy Statement under the headings "Executive Compensation" and "Corporate Governance and Board Matters" and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 The information required by this item relating to security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management will be included in NEE's Proxy Statement under the heading "Information About NextEra Energy and Management" and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Securities Authorized For Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans (a) 
 
 NEE's equity compensation plan information at December 31, 2022 is as follows: 
 Plan Category Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights (a) Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights (b) Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) (c) Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 15,598,100 (a) 
 49.67 (b) 
 64,026,892 (c) 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders Total 15,598,100 49.67 64,026,892 
 ______________________ 
 (a) Includes an aggregate of 10,699,410 outstanding options, 3,163,736 unvested performance share awards (at maximum payout), 1,035,825 deferred fully vested performance shares, 203,949 deferred stock awards and 443,238 unvested restricted stock units (including future reinvested dividends) under the NextEra Energy, Inc. 2021 Long Term Incentive Plan and former LTIPs, and 51,942 fully vested shares deferred by directors under the NextEra Energy, Inc. 2017 Non-Employee Directors Stock Plan, and its predecessors the FPL Group, Inc. 2007 Non-Employee Directors Stock Plan and the FPL Group, Inc. Amended and Restated Non-Employee Directors Stock Plan. 
 (b) Relates to outstanding options only. 
 (c) Includes 62,222,683 shares under the NextEra Energy, Inc. 2021 Long Term Incentive Plan and 1,804,210 shares under the NextEra Energy, Inc. 2017 Non-Employee Directors Stock Plan. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 The information required by this item, to the extent applicable, will be included in NEE's Proxy Statement under the heading "Corporate Governance and Board Matters" and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 114 

Table of Contents 

 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 NEE The information required by this item will be included in NEE's Proxy Statement under the heading "Audit-Related Matters" and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 FPL The following table presents fees billed for professional services rendered by Deloitte Touche LLP, the member firms of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu, and their respective affiliates (collectively, Deloitte Touche) for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The amounts presented below reflect allocations from NEE for FPL's portion of the fees, as well as amounts billed directly to FPL. 
 2022 2021 Audit fees (a) 
 4,240,000 3,834,000 Audit-related fees (b) 
 549,000 752,000 Tax fees (c) 
 570,000 404,000 All other fees (d) 
 180,000 57,000 Total 5,539,000 5,047,000 
 ______________________ 
 (a) Audit fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of FPL's and NEE's annual consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year, the reviews of the financial statements included in FPL's and NEE's Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q during the fiscal year and the audit of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, comfort letters, and consents. 
 (b) Audit-related fees consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of FPL's and NEE's consolidated financial statements and are not reported under audit fees. These fees primarily relate to audits of subsidiary financial statements and financial systems pre-implementation internal control assessment. 
 (c) Tax fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning. These fees primarily relate to research and development tax credit advice and planning services. 
 (d) All other fees consist of fees for products and services other than the services reported under the other named categories. In 2022, these fees relate to training and advisory services for Human Resources optimization, and in 2021, these fees relate to training and advisory services for development of a request for proposal on financial systems implementation services. 
 
 In accordance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the Audit Committee Charter and the Audit Committee's pre-approval policy for services provided by the independent registered public accounting firm, all services performed by Deloitte Touche are approved in advance by the Audit Committee, except for audits of certain trust funds where the fees are paid by the trust. Permitted services specifically identified in an appendix to the pre-approval policy are pre-approved by the Audit Committee each year. This pre-approval allows management to request the specified permitted services on an as-needed basis during the year, provided any such services are reviewed with the Audit Committee at its next regularly scheduled meeting. Any permitted service for which the fee is expected to exceed 500,000, or that involves a service not listed on the pre-approval list, must be specifically approved by the Audit Committee prior to commencement of such service. The Audit Committee has delegated to the Chair of the committee the right to approve audit, audit-related, tax and other services, within certain limitations, between meetings of the Audit Committee, provided any such decision is presented to the Audit Committee at its next regularly scheduled meeting. At each Audit Committee meeting (other than meetings held to review earnings materials), the Audit Committee reviews a schedule of services for which Deloitte Touche has been engaged since the prior Audit Committee meeting under existing pre-approvals and the estimated fees for those services. In 2022 and 2021, none of the amounts presented above represent services provided to NEE or FPL by Deloitte Touche that were approved by the Audit Committee after services were rendered pursuant to Rule 2-01(c)(7)(i)(C) of Regulation S-X (which provides for a waiver of the otherwise applicable pre-approval requirement if certain conditions are met). 

115 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 Page(s) (a) 1. Financial Statements Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 56 
 Attestation Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 57 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 58 
 NEE: Consolidated Statements of Income 60 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 61 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 62 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 63 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity 64 
 FPL: Consolidated Statements of Income 65 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 66 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 67 
 Consolidated Statements of Common Shareholder's Equity 68 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 69 112 
 2. Financial Statement Schedules Schedules are omitted as not applicable or not required. 
 3. Exhibits (including those incorporated by reference) Certain exhibits listed below refer to "FPL Group" and "FPL Group Capital," and were effective prior to the change of the name FPL Group, Inc. to NextEra Energy, Inc., and of the name FPL Group Capital Inc to NextEra Energy Capital Holdings, Inc., during 2010. 
 
 Exhibit Number Description NEE FPL 2(a) Ag reement and Plan of Merger, dated as of December 18, 2020, between Gulf Power Company and Florida Power Light Company (filed as Exhibit 2 to Form 8-K dated December 18, 2020 , F ile No. 2-27612 
 x 3(i)a Restated Articles of Incorporation of NextEra Energy, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 3(i) to Form 8-K dated October 26, 2020, File No. 1-8841) 
 x 3(i)b Restated Articles of Incorporation of Florida Power Light Company (filed as Exhibit 3(i)b to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010, File No. 2-27612) 
 x 3(i)c Articles of Merger of Florida Power Light Company and Gulf Power Company (filed as Exhibit 3(i)(c) to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020, File No. 2-27612) 
 x 3(ii)a Amended and Restated Bylaws of NextEra Energy, Inc., effective October 14, 2016 (filed as Exhibit 3(ii)(b) to Form 8-K dated October 14, 2016, File No. 1-8841) 
 x 3(ii)b Amended and Restated Bylaws of Florida Power Light Company , as amended through October 17, 2008 (filed as Exhibit 3(ii)b to Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2008, File No. 2-27612) 
 x 
 116 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Number Description NEE FPL 4(a) Mortgage and Deed of Trust dated as of January 1, 1944, as amended, between Florida Power Light Company and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, Trustee (filed as Exhibit B-3, File No. 2-4845; Exhibit 7(a), File No. 2-7126; Exhibit 7(a), File No. 2-7523; Exhibit 7(a), File No. 2-7990; Exhibit 7(a), File No. 2-9217; Exhibit 4(a)-5, File No. 2-10093; Exhibit 4(c), File No. 2-11491; Exhibit 4(b)-1, File No. 2-12900; Exhibit 4(b)-1, File No. 2-13255; Exhibit 4(b)-1, File No. 2-13705; Exhibit 4(b)-1, File No. 2-13925; Exhibit 4(b)-1, File No. 2-15088; Exhibit 4(b)-1, File No. 2-15677; Exhibit 4(b)-1, File No. 2-20501; Exhibit 4(b)-1, File No. 2-22104; Exhibit 2(c), File No. 2-23142; Exhibit 2(c), File No. 2-24195; Exhibit 4(b)-1, File No. 2-25677; Exhibit 2(c), File No. 2-27612; Exhibit 2(c), File No. 2-29001; Exhibit 2(c), File No. 2-30542; Exhibit 2(c), File No. 2-33038; Exhibit 2(c), File No. 2-37679; Exhibit 2(c), File No. 2-39006; Exhibit 2(c), File No. 2-41312; Exhibit 2(c), File No. 2-44234; Exhibit 2(c), File No. 2-46502; Exhibit 2(c), File No. 2-48679; Exhibit 2(c), File No. 2-49726; Exhibit 2(c), File No. 2-50712; Exhibit 2(c), File No. 2-52826; Exhibit 2(c), File No. 2-53272; Exhibit 2(c), File No. 2-54242; Exhibit 2(c), File No. 2-56228; Exhibits 2(c) and 2(d), File No. 2-60413; Exhibits 2(c) and 2(d), File No. 2-65701; Exhibit 2(c), File No. 2-66524; Exhibit 2(c), File No. 2-67239; Exhibit 4(c), File No. 2-69716; Exhibit 4(c), File No. 2-70767; Exhibit 4(b), File No. 2-71542; Exhibit 4(b), File No. 2-73799; Exhibits 4(c), 4(d) and 4(e), File No. 2-75762; Exhibit 4(c), File No. 2-77629; Exhibit 4(c), File No. 2-79557; Exhibit 99(a) to Post-Effective Amendment No. 5 to Form S-8, File No. 33-18669; Exhibit 99(a) to Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to Form S-3, File No. 33-46076; Exhibit 4(b) to Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 1995, File No. 1-3545 ; Exhibit 4(a) to Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 1996, File No. 1-3545 ; Exhibit 4(o), File No. 333-102169 ; Exhibit 4(k) to Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to Form S-3, File No. 333-102172 ; Exhibit 4(l) to Post-Effective Amendment No. 2 to Form S-3, File No. 333-102172 ; Exhibit 4(m) to Post-Effective Amendment No. 3 to Form S-3, File No. 333-102172 ; Exhibit 4(f) to Amendment No. 1 to Form S-3, File No. 333-125275 ; Exhibit 4(y) to Post-Effective Amendment No. 2 to Form S-3, File Nos. 333-116300, 333-116300-01 and 333-116300-02 ; Exhibit 4(z) to Post-Effective Amendment No. 3 to Form S-3, File Nos. 333-116300, 333-116300-01 and 333-116300-02 ; Exhibit 4(b) to Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2006, File No. 2-27612 ; Exhibit 4(a) to Form 8-K dated April 17, 2007, File No. 2-27612 ; Exhibit 4 to Form 8-K dated January 16, 2008, File No. 2-27612 ; Exhibit 4(a) to Form 8-K dated March 17, 2009, File No. 2-27612 ; Exhibit 4 to Form 8-K dated February 9, 2010 , File No. 2-27612; Exhibit 4 to Form 8-K dated December 9, 2010, File No. 2-27612 ; Exhibit 4(a) to Form 8-K dated June 10, 2011, File No. 2-27612 ; Exhibit 4 to Form 8-K dated December 13, 2011, File No. 2-27612 ; Exhibit 4 to Form 8-K dated May 15, 2012, File No. 2-27612 ; Exhibit 4 to Form 8-K dated December 20, 2012, File No. 2-27612 ; Exhibit 4 to Form 8-K dated June 5, 2013, File No. 2-27612 ; Exhibit 4 to Form 8-K dated May 15, 2014, File No. 2-27612 ; Exhibit 4 to Form 8-K dated September 10, 2014, File No. 2-27612 ; Exhibit 4 to Form 8-K dated November 19, 2015, File No. 2-27612 ; Exhibit 4(b) to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017, File No. 2-27612 ; Exhibit 4(a) to Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2018, File No. 2-27612 ; Exhibit 4(j), File Nos. 333-226056, 333-226056-01 and 333-226056-02 ; Exhibit 4(k), File Nos. 333-226056, 333-226056-01 and 333-226056-02 ; Exhibit 4(a) to Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2019, File No. 2-27612 ; Exhibit 4(f) to Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2019, File No. 2-27612 ; Exhibit 4(e) to Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2020, File No. 2-27612 ; and Exhibit 4(b) to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020, File No. 2-27612) ; Exhibit 4(b) to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, File No. 2-27612; and Exhibit 4(c) to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, File No. 2-27612 
 x x 4(b) Indenture (For Unsecured Debt Securities), dated as of November 1, 2017, between Florida Power Light Company and The Bank of New York Mellon (as Trustee) (filed as Exhibit 4(a) to Form 8-K dated November 6, 2017, File No. 2-27612) 
 x x 4(c) Officer's Certificate of Florida Power Light Company, dated June 15, 2018, creating the Floating Rate Notes, Series due June 15, 2068 (filed as Exhibit 4 to Form 8-K dated June 15, 2018, File No. 2-27612) 
 x x 4(d) Officer's Certificate of Florida Power Light Company, dated November 14, 2018, creating the Floating Rate Notes, Series due November 14, 2068 (filed as Exhibit 4 to Form 8-K dated November 14, 2018, File No. 2-27612) 
 x x 
 117 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Number Description NEE FPL 4(e) Officer's Certificate of Florida Power Light Company, dated March 27, 2019, creating the Floating Rate Notes, Series due March 27, 2069 (filed as Exhibit 4(b) to Form 8-K dated March 27, 2019, File No. 2-27612) 
 x x 4(f) Officer's Certificate of Florida Power Light Company, dated March 13, 2020, creating the Floating Rate Notes, Series due March 13, 2070 (filed as Exhibit 4 to Form 8-K dated March 13, 2020, File No. 2-27612) 
 x x 4(g) Officer's Certificate of Florida Power Light Company, dated August 24, 2020, creating the Floating Rate Notes, Series due August 24, 2070 (filed as Exhibit 4 to Form 8-K dated August 24, 2020, File No. 2-27612) 
 x x 4(h) Officer's Certificate of Florida Power Light Company, dated March 1, 2021, creating the Floating Rate Notes, Series due March 1, 2071 (filed as Exhibit 4 to Form 8-K dated March 1, 2021, File No. 2-27612) 
 x x 4(i) Officer's Certificate of Florida Power Light Company, dated May 10, 2021, creating the Floating Rate Notes, Series due May 10, 2023 (filed as Exhibit 4 to Form 8-K dated May 10, 2021, File No. 2-27612) 
 x x 4(j) Officer's Certificate of Florida Power Light Company, dated January 1 4 , 2022, creating the Floating Rate Notes, Series due January 12, 2024 (filed as Exhibi t 4(l) to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, File No. 2-27612) 
 x x 4(k) O fficer's Certificate of Florida Power Light Company, dated June 7, 2022, creating t he Floating Rate Notes, Series due June 15, 20 72 (filed as Exhibit 4 to Form 8-K dated June 7, 2022, F ile No . 2-27612) 
 x x 4(l) Indenture (For Unsecured Debt Securities), dated as of June 1, 1999, between FPL Group Capital Inc and The Bank of New York Mellon as Trustee (filed as Exhibit 4(a) to Form 8-K dated July 16, 1999, File No. 1-8841) 
 x 4(m) First Supplemental Indenture to Indenture (For Unsecured Debt Securities) dated as of June 1, 1999, dated as of September 21, 2012, between NextEra Energy Capital Holdings, Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon, as Trustee (filed as Exhibit 4(e) to Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2012, File No. 1-8841) 
 x 4(n) Guarantee Agreement, dated as of June 1, 1999, between FPL Group, Inc. (as Guarantor) and The Bank of New York Mellon (as Guarantee Trustee) (filed as Exhibit 4(b) to Form 8-K dated July 16, 1999, File No. 1-8841) 
 x 4(o) Officer's Certificate of NextEra Energy Capital Holdings, Inc., dated April 28, 2017, creating the 3.55 Debentures, Series due May 1, 2027 (filed as Exhibit 4 to Form 8-K dated April 28, 2017, File No. 1-8841) 
 x 4(p) Officer's Certificate of NextEra Energy Capital Holdings, Inc., dated April 4, 2019, creating the 3.50 Debentures, Series due April 1, 2029 (filed as Exhibit 4(d) to Form 8-K dated April 4, 2019, File No. 1-8841) 
 x 4(q) Officer's Certificate of NextEra Energy Capital Holdings, Inc., dated September 9, 2019, creating the Series J Debentures due September 1, 2024 (filed as Exhibit 4(e) to Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2019, File No. 1-8841) 
 x 4(r) Letter, dated August 5, 2022, from NextEra Energy Capital Holdings, Inc. to The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee, setting forth certain terms of the Series J Debentures due September 1, 2024 effective August 5, 2022 (filed as Exhibit 4(b) to Form 8-K dated August 5, 2022, File No. 1-8841) 
 x 4(s) Officer's Certificate of NextEra Energy Capital Holdings, Inc., dated October 3, 2019, creating the 2.75 Debentures, Series due November 1, 2029 (filed as Exhibit 4 to Form 8-K dated October 3, 2019, File No. 1-8841) 
 x 4(t) Officer's Certificate of NextEra Energy Capital Holdings, Inc., dated February 21, 2020, creating the Series K Debentures due March 1, 2025 (filed as Exhibit 4(c) to Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2020, File No. 1-8841) 
 x 4(u) Officer's Certificate of NextEra Energy Capital Holdings, Inc., dated May 12, 2020, creating the 2.25 Debentures, Series due June 1, 2030 (filed as Exhibit 4 to Form 8-K dated May 12, 2020, File No. 1-8841) 
 x 4(v) Officer's Certificate of NextEra Energy Capital Holdings, Inc., dated September 18, 2020, creating the Series L Debentures due September 1, 2025 (filed as Exhibit 4(e) to Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2020, File No. 1-8841) 
 x 
 118 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Number Description NEE FPL 4(w) Officer's Certificate of NextEra Energy Capital Holdings, Inc., dated March 17, 2021, creating the 0.65 Debentures, Series due March 1, 2023 (filed as Exhibit 4(ak), File Nos. 333-254632, 333-254632-01 and 333-254632-02) 
 x 4(x) Officer's Certificate of NextEra Energy Capital Holdings, Inc., dated March 17, 2021, creating the Floating Rate Debentures, Series due March 1, 2023 (filed as Exhibit 4(al), File Nos. 333-254632, 333-254632-01 and 333-254632-02) 
 x 4(y) Officer's Certificate of NextEra Energy Capital Holdings, Inc., dated June 8, 2021, creating the 1.90 Debentures, Series due June 15, 2028 (filed as Exhibit 4 to Form 8-K dated June 8, 2021, File No. 1-8841) 
 x 4(z) Officer's Certificate of NextEra Energy Capital Holdings, Inc., dated November 3, 2021, creating the Floating Rate Debentures, Series due November 3, 2023 (filed as Exhibit 4 to Form 8-K dated November 3, 2021, File No. 1-8841) 
 x 4(aa) Officer's Certificate of NextEra Energy Capital Holdings, Inc., dated December 13, 2021, creating the 1.875 Debentures, Series due January 15, 2027 (filed as Exhibit 4(a) to Form 8-K dated December 13, 2021, File No. 1-8841) 
 x 4(bb) Officer's Certificate of NextEra Energy Capital Holdings, Inc., dated December 13, 2021, creating the 2.440 Debentures, Series due January 15, 2032 (filed as Exhibit 4(b) to Form 8-K dated December 13, 2021, File No. 1-8841) 
 x 4(cc) Officer's Certificate of NextEra Energy Capital Holdings, Inc., dated December 13, 2021, creating the 3.000 Debentures, Series due January 15, 20 5 2 (filed as Exhibit 4(c) to Form 8-K dated December 13, 2021, File No. 1-8841) 
 x 4(dd) Officer's Certificate of NextEra Energy Capital Holdings, Inc., dated March 21, 2022, creating the 2.94 Debentures, Series due March 21, 2024 (filed as Exhibit 4(a) to Form 8-K dated March 21, 2022, File No. 1-8841) 
 x 4(ee) Officer's Certificate of NextEra Energy Capital Holdings, Inc., dated March 21, 2022, creating the Floating Rate Debentures, Series due March 21, 2024 (filed as Exhibit 4(b) to Form 8-K dated March 21, 2022, File No. 1-8841) 
 x 4(ff) Officer's Certificate of NextEra Energy Capital Holdings, Inc., dated March 24, 2022, creating the 4.30 Debentures, Series due 2062 (filed as Exhibit 4 to Form 8-K dated March 24, 2022, File No. 1-8841) 
 x 4(gg) Officer's Certificate of NextEra Energy Capital Holdings, Inc., dated June 23, 2022, creating the 4.20 Debentures, Series due June 20, 2024 (filed as Exhibit 4(a) to Form 8-K dated June 23, 2022, File No. 1-8841) 
 x 4(hh) Officer's Certificate of NextEra Energy Capital Holdings, Inc., dated June 23, 2022, creating the 4.45 Debentures, Series due June 20, 2025 (filed as Exhibit 4(b) to Form 8-K dated June 23, 2022, File No. 1-8841) 
 x 4(ii) Officer's Certificate of NextEra Energy Capital Holdings, Inc., dated June 23, 2022, creating the 4.625 Debentures, Series due July 15, 2027 (filed as Exhibit 4(c) to Form 8-K dated June 23, 2022, File No. 1-8841) 
 x 4(jj) Officer's Certificate of NextEra Energy Capital Holdings, Inc., dated June 23, 2022, creating the 5.00 Debentures, Series due July 15, 2032 (filed as Exhibit 4(d) to Form 8-K dated June 23, 2022, File No. 1-8841) 
 x 4(kk) Officer's Certificate of NextEra Energy Capital Holdings, In c., dated September 19, 2022, creating the Series M Debentures due September 1, 2027 (filed as Exhibit 4(e) to Form 10-Q quarter ended September 30, 2022, File No. 1-8841) 
 x 4(ll) Officer's Certificate of NextEra Energy Capital Holdings, Inc., dated February 9, 2023, creating the 4.90 Debentures, Series due February 28, 2028 (filed as Exhibit 4(a) to Form 8-K dated February 9, 2023, File No. 1-8841) 
 x 4(mm) Officer's Certificate of NextEra Energy Capital Holdings, Inc., dated February 9, 2023, creating the 5.00 Debentures, Series due February 28, 2030 (filed as Exhibit 4(b) to Form 8-K dated February 9, 2023, File No. 1-8841) 
 x 4(nn) Officer's Certificate of NextEra Energy Capital Holdings, Inc., dated February 9, 2023, creating the 5.05 Debentures, Series due February 28, 2033 (filed as Exhibit 4(c) to Form 8-K dated February 9, 2023, File No. 1-8841) 
 x 4(oo) Officer's Certificate of NextEra Energy Capital Holdings, Inc., dated February 9, 2023, creating the 5.25 Debentures, Series due February 28, 2053 (filed as Exhibit 4(d) to Form 8-K dated February 9, 2023, File No. 1-8841) 
 x 
 119 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Number Description NEE FPL 4(pp) Indenture (For Unsecured Subordinated Debt Securities relating to Trust Securities), dated as of March 1, 2004, among FPL Group Capital Inc, FPL Group, Inc. (as Guarantor) and The Bank of New York Mellon (as Trustee) (filed as Exhibit 4(au) to Post-Effective Amendment No. 3 to Form S-3, File Nos. 333-102173, 333-102173-01, 333-102173-02 and 333-102173-03) 
 x 4(qq) Indenture (For Unsecured Subordinated Debt Securities), dated as of September 1, 2006, among FPL Group Capital Inc, FPL Group, Inc. (as Guarantor) and The Bank of New York Mellon (as Trustee) (filed as Exhibit 4(a) to Form 8-K dated September 19, 2006, File No. 1-8841) 
 x 4(rr) First Supplemental Indenture to Indenture (For Unsecured Subordinated Debt Securities) dated as of September 1, 2006, dated as of November 19, 2012, between NextEra Energy Capital Holdings, Inc., NextEra Energy, Inc. as Guarantor, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as Trustee (filed as Exhibit 2 to Form 8-A dated January 16, 2013, File No. 1-33028) 
 x 4(ss) Officer's Certificate of FPL Group Capital Inc and FPL Group, Inc., dated September 19, 2006, creating the Series B Enhanced Junior Subordinated Debentures due 2066 (filed as Exhibit 4(c) to Form 8-K dated September 19, 2006, File No. 1-8841) 
 x 4(tt) Replacement Capital Covenant, dated September 19, 2006, by FPL Group Capital Inc and FPL Group, Inc. relating to FPL Group Capital Inc's Series B Enhanced Junior Subordinated Debentures due 2066 (filed as Exhibit 4(d) to Form 8-K dated September 19, 2006, File No. 1-8841) 
 x 4(uu) Amendment, dated November 9, 2016, to the Replacement Capital Covenant, dated September 19, 2006, by NextEra Energy Capital Holdings, Inc. (formerly known as FPL Group Capital Holdings Inc) and NextEra Energy, Inc. (formerly known as FPL Group, Inc.), relating to FPL Group Capital Inc's Series B Enhanced Junior Subordinated Debentures due 2066 (filed as Exhibit 4 (cc) to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016, File No. 1-8841) 
 x 4(vv) Officer's Certificate of FPL Group Capital Inc and FPL Group, Inc., dated June 12, 2007, creating the Series C Junior Subordinated Debentures due 2067 (filed as Exhibit 4(a) to Form 8-K dated June 12, 2007, File No. 1-8841) 
 x 4(ww) Replacement Capital Covenant, dated June 12, 2007, by FPL Group Capital Inc and FPL Group, Inc. relating to FPL Group Capital Inc's Series C Junior Subordinated Debentures due 2067 (filed as Exhibit 4(b) to Form 8-K dated June 12, 2007, File No. 1-8841) 
 x 4(xx) Amendment, dated November 9, 2016, to the Replacement Capital Covenant, dated June 12, 2007 by NextEra Energy Capital Holdings, Inc. (formerly known as FPL Group Capital Holdings Inc) and NextEra Energy, Inc. (formerly known as FPL Group, Inc.), relating to FPL Group Capital Inc's Series C Junior Subordinated Debentures due 2067 (filed as Exhibit 4(hh) to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016, File No. 1-8841) 
 x 4(yy) Officer's Certificate of NextEra Energy Capital Holdings, Inc. and NextEra Energy, Inc. , dated September 29, 2017, creating the Series L Junior Subordinated Debentures due September 29, 2057 (filed as Exhibit 4(c) to Form 8-K dated September 29, 2017, File No. 1-8841) 
 x 4(zz) Officer's Certificate of NextEra Energy Capital Holdings, Inc. and NextEra Energy, Inc. , dated November 2, 2017, creating the Series M Junior Subordinated Debentures due December 1, 2077 (filed as Exhibit 4(a) to Form 8-K dated November 2, 2017, File No. 1-8841) 
 x 4(aaa) Officer's Certificate of NextEra Energy Capital Holdings, Inc. and NextEra Energy, Inc., dated March 15, 2019, creating the Series N Junior Subordinated Debentures due March 1, 2079 (filed as Exhibit 4 to Form 8-K dated March 15, 2019, File No. 1-8841) 
 x 4(bbb) Officer's Certificate of NextEra Energy Capital Holdings, Inc. and NextEra Energy, Inc., dated April 4, 2019, creating the Series O Junior Subordinated Debentures due May 1, 2079 (filed as Exhibit 4(e) to Form 8-K dated April 4, 2019, File No. 1-8841) 
 x 4(ccc) Officer's Certificate of NextEra Energy Capital Holdings, Inc., dated December 14, 2021, creating the Series P Junior Subordinated Debentures due March 15, 2082 (filed as Exhibit 4 to Form 8-K dated December 14, 2021, File No. 1-8841) 
 x 4(ddd) Purchase Contract Agreement, dated as of February 1, 2020, between NextEra Energy, Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon, as Purchase Contract Agent (filed as Exhibit 4(a) to Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2020, File No. 1-8841) 
 x 
 120 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Number Description NEE FPL 4(eee) Pledge Agreement, dated as of February 1, 2020, between NextEra Energy, Inc., Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as Collateral Agent, Custodial Agent and Securities Intermediary, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as Purchase Contract Agent (filed as Exhibit 4(b) to Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2020, File No. 1-8841) 
 x 4(fff) Purchase Contract Agreement, dated as of September 1, 2020, between NextEra Energy, Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon, as Purchase Contract Agent (filed as Exhibit 4(c) to Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2020, File No. 1-8841) 
 x 4(ggg) Pledge Agreement, dated as of September 1, 2020, between NextEra Energy, Inc., Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as Collateral Agent, Custodial Agent and Securities Intermediary, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as Purchase Contract Agent (filed as Exhibit 4(d) to Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2020, File No. 1-8841) 
 x 4(hhh) Purchase Contra ct Agreement , dated as of September 1, 202 2, between NextEra Energy, Inc. and The Bank of New Yo rk Mellon, as Purchase C ontract Agent (filed as Exh i bit 4 c) to Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 3 0 , 2022, File No. 1-8841) 
 x 4(iii) Pledge Agreement, dated as of September 1, 2022, between NextEra Energy, Inc., Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as Collateral Agent, Custodial Agent and Securities Intermediary, and the Bank of New York Mellon, as Purchase Contract Agent (filed as Exhibit 4(d) to Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2022, File No. 1-8841) 
 x 4(jjj) Senior Note Indenture dated as of January 1, 1998, between Florida Power Light Company (as successor to Gulf Power Company) and Computershare Trust Company, N.A., as Successor Trustee, and certain indentures supplemental thereto (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to Form 8-K dated June 17, 1998, File No. 0-2429 ; Exhibit 4.2 to Form 8-K dated September 9, 2010, File No. 1-31737 ; Exhibit 4.2 to Form 8-K dated May 15, 2012, File No. 1-31737 ; Exhibit 4.2 to Fo rm 8-K dated June 10, 2013, File No. 1-31737 ; Exhibit 4.2 to Form 8-K dated September 16, 2014, File No. 1-31737 ; Exhibit 4.2 to Form 8-K dated May 15, 2017, File No. 1-31737 ; and Exhibit 4( ddd to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 202 0, File No. 2-27612 
 x x 4(kkk) Description of Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 x 10(a) FPL Group, Inc. Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan, amended and restated effective April 1, 1997 (SERP) (filed as Exhibit 10(a) to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1999, File No. 1-8841) 
 x x 10(b) FPL Group, Inc. Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan, amended and restated effective January 1, 2005 (Restated SERP) (filed as Exhibit 10(b) to Form 8-K dated December 12, 2008, File No. 1-8841) 
 x x 10(c) Amendment Number 1 to the Restated SERP changing name to NextEra Energy, Inc. Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (filed as Exhibit 10(b) to Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2010, File No. 1-8841) 
 x x 10(d) Appendix A1 (revised as of March 16, 2016) to the NextEra Energy, Inc. Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (filed as Exhibit 10(d) to Form 10-K dated December 31, 2017, File No. 1-8841) 
 x x 10(e) Appendix A2 (revised as of October 1, 2017) to the NextEra Energy, Inc. Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (filed as Exhibit 10(e) to Form 10-K dated December 31, 2017, File No. 1-8841) 
 x x 10(f) Supplement to the Restated SERP relating to a special credit to certain executive officers and other officers effective February 15, 2008 (filed as Exhibit 10(g) to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2007, File No. 1-8841) 
 x x 10(g) NextEra Energy, Inc. (formerly known as FPL Group, Inc.) Amended and Restated Long-Term Incentive Plan, most recently amended and restated on May 22, 2009 (filed as Exhibit 10(a) to Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2009, File No. 1-8841) 
 x x 10(h) NextEra Energy, Inc. Amended and Restated 2011 Long Term Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit 10(c) to Form 8-K dated March 16, 2012, File No. 1-8841) 
 x x 10(i) Form of Performance Share Award Agreement under the NextEra Energy, Inc. Amended and Restated 2011 Long Term Incentive Plan for certain executive officers (filed as Exhibit 10(b) to Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2018, File No. 1-8841) 
 x x 
 121 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Number Description NEE FPL 10(j) Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement under the NextEra Energy, Inc. Amended and Restated 2011 Long Term Incentive Plan for certain executive officers (filed as Exhibit 10(c) to Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2018, File No. 1-8841) 
 x x 10(k) Form of Restricted Stock Agreement under the NextEra Energy, Inc. Amended and Restated 2011 Long Term Incentive Plan for certain executive officers (filed as Exhibit 10(a) to Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2021, File No. 1-8841) 
 x x 10(l) Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under the NextEra Energy, Inc. Amended and Restated 2011 Long Term Incentive Plan for certain executive officers (filed as Exhibit 10(b) to Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2021, File No. 1-8841) 
 x x 10(m) Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under the NextEra Energy, Inc. Amended and Restated 2011 Long Term Incentive Plan for certain executive officers (filed as Exhibit 10(c) to Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2021, File No. 1-8841) 
 x x 10(n) Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under the NextEra Energy, Inc. Amended and Restated 2011 Long Term Incentive Plan for certain executive officers (filed as Exhibit 10(d) to Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2021, File No. 1-8841) 
 x x 10(o) Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement under the NextEra Energy, Inc. Amended and Restated 2011 Long Term Incentive Plan for certain executive officers (filed as Exhibit 10(f) to Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2016, File No. 1-8841) 
 x x 10(p) Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement under the NextEra Energy, Inc. Amended and Restated 2011 Long Term Incentive Plan for certain executive officers (filed as Exhibit 10(g) to Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2016, File No. 1-8841) 
 x x 10(q) Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option agreement under the NextEra Energy, Inc. Amended and Restated 2011 Long Term Incentive Plan for certain executive officers (filed as Exhibit 10(d) to Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2018, File No. 1-8841) 
 x x 10(r) Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement under the NextEra Energy, Inc. Amended and Restated 2011 Long Term Incentive Plan for certain executive officers (filed as Exhibit 10(e) to Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2021, File No. 1-8841) 
 x x 10(s) Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement under the NextEra Energy, Inc. Amended and Restated 2011 Long Term Incentive Plan for certain executive officers (filed as Exhibit 10(f) to Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2021, File No. 1-8841) 
 x x 10(t) Form of Performance Share Award Agreement under the NextEra Energy, Inc. Amended and Restated 2011 Long Term Incentive Plan for certain executive officers (filed as Exhibit 10(g) to Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2021, File No. 1-8841) 
 x x 10(u) Form of Performance Share Award Agreement under the NextEra Energy, Inc. Amended and Restated 2011 Long Term Incentive Plan for certain executive officers (filed as Exhibit 10(h) to Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2021, File No. 1-8841) 
 x x 10(v) NextEra Energy, Inc. 2021 Long Term Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit 10 to Form 8-K dated May 20, 2021, File No. 1-8841) 
 x x 10(w) Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement under the NextEra Energy, Inc. 2021 Long Term Incentive Plan for certain executive officers (filed as Exhibit 10(b) to Form 10 Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2021, File No. 1-8841) 
 x x 10(x) Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement under the NextEra Energy, Inc. 2021 Long Term Incentive Plan for certain executive officers (filed as Exhibit 10(b) to Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022, File No. 1-8841) 
 x x 10(y) Form of Performance Share Award Agreement under the NextEra Energy, Inc. 2021 Long Term Incentive Plan for certain executive officers (filed as Exhibit 10(c) to Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2021, File No. 1-8841) 
 x x 10(z) Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement under the NextEra Energy, Inc. 2021 Long Term Incentive Plan for certain executive officers (filed as Exhibit 10(d) to Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2021, File No. 1-8841) 
 x x 10(aa) Form of FPL Group, Inc. Amended and Restated Long-Term Incentive Plan Amended and Restated Deferred Stock Award Agreement effective February 12, 2010 between FPL Group, Inc. and James L. Robo (filed as Exhibit 10(dd) to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2009, File No. 1-8841) 
 x x 10(bb) Form of Deferred Stock Award Agreement under NextEra Energy, Inc. Amended and Restated 2011 Long Term Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit 10(a) to Form 8-K dated March 16, 2012, File No. 1-8841) 
 x x 
 122 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Number Description NEE FPL 10(cc) NextEra Energy, Inc. 2013 Executive Annual Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit 10(c) to Form 8-K dated October 11, 2012, File No. 1-8841) 
 x x 10(dd) NextEra Energy, Inc. 2023 Executive Annual Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit 10(a) to Form 8-K dated December 16, 2022, File No. 1-8841) 
 x x 10(ee) NextEra Energy, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan effective January 1, 2005 as amended and restated through February 11, 2016 (filed as Exhibit 10(h) to Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2016, File No. 1-8841) 
 x x 10(ff) FPL Group, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan, amended and restated effective January 1, 2003 (filed as Exhibit 10(k) to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2002, File No. 1-8841) 
 x x 10(gg) FPL Group, Inc. Executive Long-Term Disability Plan effective January 1, 1995 (filed as Exhibit 10(g) to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1995, File No. 1-8841) 
 x x 10(hh) FPL Group, Inc. Amended and Restated Non-Employee Directors Stock Plan, as amended and restated October 13, 2006 (filed as Exhibit 10(b) to Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2006, File No. 1-8841) 
 x 10(ii) FPL Group, Inc. 2007 Non-Employee Directors Stock Plan (filed as Exhibit 99 to Form S-8, File No. 333-143739) 
 x 10(jj) NextEra Energy, Inc. 2017 Non-Employee Directors Stock Plan, as amended and restated as of May 18, 2017 (filed as Exhibit 10 to Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2017, File No. 1-8841) 
 x 10(kk) NextEra Energy, Inc. Non-Employee Director Compensation Summary effective January 1, 2021 (filed as Exhibit 10(bb) to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020, File No. 1-8841) 
 x 10(ll) NextEra Energy, Inc. Non-Employee Director Compensation Summary effective January 1, 2022 (filed as Exhibit 10(jj) to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, File No. 1-8841) 
 x 10(mm) NextEra Energy, Inc. Non-Employee Director Compensation Summary effective January 1, 2023 
 x 10(nn) Form of Amended and Restated Executive Retention Employment Agreement effective December 10, 2009 between FPL Group, Inc. and each of James L. Robo and Charles E. Sieving (filed as Exhibit 10(nn) to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2009, File No. 1-8841) 
 x x 10(oo) Executive Retention Employment Agreement between NextEra Energy, Inc. and Eric E. Silagy dated as of May 2, 2012 (filed as Exhibit 10(b) to Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2012, File No. 1-8841) 
 x x 10(pp) Form of 2012 409A Amendment to NextEra Energy, Inc. Executive Retention Employment Agreement effective October 11, 2012 between NextEra Energy, Inc. and each of James L. Robo, Eric E. Silagy and Charles E. Sieving (filed as Exhibit 10(ddd) to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012, File No. 1-8841) 
 x x 10(qq) Executive Retention Employment Agreement between NextEra Energy, Inc. and Deborah H. Caplan dated as of April 23, 2013 (filed as Exhibit 10(e) to Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2013, File No. 1-8841) 
 x x 10(rr) Executive Retention Employment Agreement between NextEra Energy, Inc. and Miguel Arechabala dated as of January 1, 2014 (filed as Exhibit 10(bbb) to Form 10 K for the year ended December 31, 2013, File No. 1-8841) 
 x x 10(ss) Executive Retention Employment Agreement between NextEra Energy, Inc. and John W. Ketchum dated as of March 4, 2016 (filed as Exhibit 10(i) to Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2016, File No. 1-8841) 
 x x 10(tt) Executive Retention Employment Agreement between NextEra Energy, Inc. and Rebecca J. Kujawa dated as of March 1, 2019 (filed as Exhibit 10(b) to Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2019, File No. 1-8841) 
 x x 10(uu) Executive Retention Employment Agreement between NextEra Energy, Inc. and Ronald Reagan dated as of January 1, 2020 (filed as Exhibit 10(tt) to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019, File No. 1-8841) 
 x x 10(vv) Executive Retention Employment Agreement between NextEra Energy, Inc. and Robert P. Coffey dated as of June 14, 2021 (filed as Exhibit 10(e) to Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2021, File No. 1-8841) 
 x x 
 123 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Number Description NEE FPL 10(ww) Executive Retention Employment Agreement between NextEra Energy, Inc. and T. Kirk Crews II dated as of March 1, 2022 (filed as Exhibit 10 to Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2022, File No. 1-8841) 
 x x 10(xx) Executive Retention Employment Agreement between NextEra Energy, Inc. and Mark Lemasney dated as of January 1, 2023 
 x x 10(yy) NextEra Energy, Inc. Executive Severance Benefit Plan effective February 26, 2013 (filed as Exhibit 10(eee) to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012, File No. 1-8841) 
 x x 10(zz) Guarantee Agreement between FPL Group, Inc. and FPL Group Capital Inc, dated as of October 14, 1998 (filed as Exhibit 10(y) to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2001, File No. 1-8841) 
 x 10(aaa) NextEra Energy Partners, LP 2014 Long-Term Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.8 to Form 8-K dated July 1, 2014, File No. 1-36518) 
 x 10(bbb) Form of Restricted Unit Award Agreement under the NextEra Energy Partners, LP 2014 Long-Term Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit 10 .1 to Form 10- Q for the quarter ended March 31, 202 1 , File No. 1-36518) 
 x 10(ccc) Confirmation of Post-Retirement Covenants Agreement and Release, dated as of January 23, 2023, between Eric E. Silagy and NextEra Energy, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10 to Form 8-K dated January 23, 2023, File No. 1-8841) 
 x x 21 Subsidiaries of NextEra Energy, Inc. 
 x 22 Guaranteed Securities 
 x 23 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 x x 31(a) Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer of NextEra Energy, Inc. 
 x 31(b) Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer of NextEra Energy, Inc. 
 x 31(c) Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer of Florida Power Light Company 
 x 31(d) Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer of Florida Power Light Company 
 x 32(a) Section 1350 Certification of NextEra Energy, Inc. 
 x 32(b) Section 1350 Certification of Florida Power Light Company 
 x 101.INS XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 
 x x 101.SCH Inline XBRL Schema Document x x 101.PRE Inline XBRL Presentation Linkbase Document x x 101.CAL Inline XBRL Calculation Linkbase Document x x 101.LAB Inline XBRL Label Linkbase Document x x 101.DEF Inline XBRL Definition Linkbase Document x x 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) x x 
 ______________________ 
 Incorporated herein by reference 
 
 NEE and FPL agree to furnish to the SEC upon request any instrument with respect to long-term debt that NEE and FPL have not filed as an exhibit pursuant to the exemption provided by Item 601(b)(4)(iii)(A) of Regulation S-K. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 
 Not applicable 
 
 124 

Table of Contents 

 NEXTERA ENERGY, INC. SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized and in the capacities and on the date indicated. 
 
 NextEra Energy, Inc. 

JOHN W. KETCHUM John W. Ketchum 
 Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: February 17, 2023 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the date indicated. 
 
 Signature and Title as of February 17, 2023: 
 
 TERRELL KIRK CREWS II JAMES M. MAY Terrell Kirk Crews II 
 Executive Vice President, Finance 
 and Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 
 James M. May 
 Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting 
 Officer 
 (Principal Accounting Officer) 

Directors: 
 
 NICOLE S. ARNABOLDI AMY B. LANE Nicole S. Arnaboldi Amy B. Lane SHERRY S. BARRAT DAVID L. PORGES Sherry S. Barrat David L. Porges JAMES L. CAMAREN RUDY E. SCHUPP James L. Camaren Rudy E. Schupp KENNETH B. DUNN JOHN L. SKOLDS Kenneth B. Dunn John L. Skolds NAREN K. GURSAHANEY JOHN A. STALL Naren K. Gursahaney John A. Stall KIRK S. HACHIGAN DARRYL L. WILSON Kirk S. Hachigian Darryl L. Wilson 
 125 

Table of Contents 

 FLORIDA POWER LIGHT COMPANY SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized and in the capacities and on the date indicated. 
 
 Florida Power Light Company 

ARMANDO PIMENTEL, JR. Armando Pimentel, Jr. 
 President and Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: February 17, 2023 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the date indicated. 
 
 Signature and Title as of February 17, 2023: 
 
 TERRELL KIRK CREWS II KEITH FERGUSON Terrell Kirk Crews II 
 Executive Vice President, Finance 
 and Chief Financial Officer and Director 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 
 Keith Ferguson 
 Controller 
 (Principal Accounting Officer) 

Director: 
 
 JOHN W. KETCHUM John W. Ketchum 

Supplemental Information to be Furnished With Reports Filed Pursuant to Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 by Registrants Which Have Not Registered Securities Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 
 No annual report, proxy statement, form of proxy or other proxy soliciting material has been sent to security holders of FPL during the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 126 

<EX-4.KKK>
 2
 nee-q42022xex4kkk.htm
 EX-4.KKK

Document 
 Exhibit 4(kkk) 

 Description of Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 As of January 1, 2023 Description Date ), (a) NextEra Energy, Inc. NEE had four classes of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (i) common stock, .01 par value per share common stock ), (ii) 5.279 Corporate Units 5.279 Corporate Units ), (iii) 6.219 Corporate Units 6.219 Corporate Units and (iv) 6.926 Corporate Units 6.926 Corporate Units and (b) NextEra Energy Capital Holdings, Inc. NEE Capital had one class of securities registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act its Series N Junior Subordinated Debentures due March 1, 2079 Series N Junior Subordinated Debentures ). The common stock is listed on The New York Stock Exchange NYSE under the symbol NEE , the 5.279 Corporate Units are listed on the NYSE under the symbol NEE.PRP , the 6.219 Corporate Units are listed on the NYSE under the symbol NEE.PRQ , the 6.926 Corporate Units are listed on the NYSE under the symbol NEE.PRR and the Series N Junior Subordinated Debentures are listed on the NYSE under the symbol NEE.PRN. 
 The following description is as of the Description Date, unless otherwise noted. 
 INDEX 
 Page 
 I. Common Stock 
 Description of Common Stock 1 
 II. Corporate Units 
 Description of the Equity Units 6 
 Description of the Purchase Contracts 14 
 Certain Other Provisions of the Purchase Contract Agreements and the Pledge Agreements 34 
 Description of the NEE Capital Debentures 39 
 Description of NEE Guarantee 54 
 United States Federal Income Tax Discussion 56 
 III. Junior Subordinated Debentures 
 Description of the NEE Capital Junior Subordinated Debentures and NEE Junior Subordinated Guarantee 69 
 IV. Trustee 
 Information Concerning the Trustee 88 
 I. COMMON STOCK 
 DESCRIPTION OF COMMON STOCK 
 The following is a summary description of the terms of the common stock of NEE. The description is qualified in its entirety by reference to the provisions of NEE s Restated Articles of Incorporation (the Charter and the Amended and Restated Bylaws Bylaws as in effect on the Description Date, as well as provisions of the Florida Business Corporation Act Florida Act and other applicable laws. Copies of the Charter and Bylaws have been filed by NEE with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC and are exhibits to the NEE s Annual Report on Form 10-K to which this Description of Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is an exhibit Form 10-K ). 
 Authorized and Outstanding Capital Stock 
 NEE s Charter authorizes it to issue 3,300,000,000 shares of capital stock, each with a par value of .01, consisting of 
 3,200,000,000 shares of common stock and 
 100,000,000 shares of preferred stock. 
 DB1 134224079.5 

As of January 31, 2023, there were 1,987,495,306 shares of common stock and no shares of preferred stock outstanding. 
 Common Stock Terms 
 Voting Rights . In general, each holder of common stock is entitled to one vote for each share held by such holder on all matters submitted to a vote of holders of common stock, including the election of directors. Each holder of common stock is entitled to attend all special and annual meetings of NEE s shareholders. The holders of common stock do not have cumulative voting rights. 
 In general, if a quorum exists at a meeting of NEE s shareholders, unless a greater or different vote is required by the Florida Act, NEE s Charter or NEE s Bylaws, or by action of the board of directors, (1) on all matters other than the election of directors, action on such matters will be approved if the votes cast favoring the action exceed the votes cast opposing the action, (2) in an uncontested director election, a nominee for director will be elected if the votes cast for the nominee s election exceed the votes cast against the nominee s election, and (3) in a contested director election, which is an election in which the number of persons considered for election to the board of directors exceeds the total number of directors to be elected, a nominee for director will be elected by a plurality of the votes cast. Other voting rights of shareholders are described below under Anti-Takeover Effects of Provisions in NEE s Charter and NEE s Bylaws. 
 Dividend Rights . The holders of common stock are entitled to participate on an equal per share basis in any dividends declared on the common stock by NEE s board of directors out of funds legally available for dividend payments. 
 The declaration and payment of dividends on the common stock is within the sole discretion of NEE s board of directors. NEE s Charter does not limit the dividends that may be paid on the common stock. 
 The ability of NEE to pay dividends on the common stock is currently subject to, and in the future may be limited by 
 various risks which affect the businesses of Florida Power & Light Company FPL and NEE s other subsidiaries that may in certain instances limit the ability of such subsidiaries to pay dividends to NEE and 
 various contractual restrictions applicable to NEE and some of its subsidiaries, including those described below. 
 FPL is subject to the terms of its Mortgage and Deed of Trust dated as of January 1, 1944, with Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as mortgage trustee, as amended and supplemented from time to time (the FPL Mortgage ), that secures its obligations under outstanding first mortgage bonds issued by it from time to time. In specified circumstances, the terms of the FPL Mortgage could restrict the amount of retained earnings that FPL can use to pay cash dividends on its common stock. As of the Description Date, no retained earnings were restricted by these provisions of the FPL Mortgage. 
 Other contractual restrictions on the dividend-paying ability of NEE and its subsidiaries are contained in outstanding financing arrangements, and similar or other restrictions may be included in future financing arrangements. As of the Description Date, NEE has equity units outstanding. In accordance with the terms of the equity units, NEE has the right, from time to time, to defer the payment of contract adjustment payments on the purchase contracts that form a part of the equity units to a date no later than the applicable Purchase Contract Settlement Date. As of the Description Date, a subsidiary of NEE, NEE Capital, has junior subordinated debentures outstanding. In accordance with the terms of the junior subordinated debentures NEE Capital has the right, from time to time, to defer the payment of interest on its outstanding junior subordinated debentures on one or more occasions for up to ten consecutive years. NEE, FPL and NEE Capital may issue, from time to time, additional equity units, junior subordinated debentures or other securities that (i) provide them with rights to defer the payment of interest or other payments and (ii) contain dividend restrictions in the event of the exercise of such rights. In the 
 2 
 DB1 134224079.5 

event that NEE or NEE Capital were to exercise any right to defer interest or other payments on currently outstanding or future series of equity units, junior subordinated debentures or other securities, or if there were to occur certain payment defaults on those securities, NEE would not be able, with limited exceptions, to pay dividends on the common stock during the periods in which such payments were deferred or such payment defaults continued. In the event that FPL was to issue equity units, junior subordinated debentures or other securities having similar provisions and was to exercise any such right to defer the payment of interest or other payments on such securities, or if there was to occur certain payment defaults on those securities, FPL would not be able, with limited exceptions, to pay dividends to NEE or any other holder of its common stock or preferred stock during the periods in which such payments were deferred or such payment defaults continued. In addition, NEE, NEE Capital and FPL might issue other securities in the future containing similar or other restrictions on, or that affect, NEE s ability to pay dividends on its common stock and on the ability of NEE s subsidiaries, including NEE Capital and FPL, to pay dividends to any holder of their respective common stock or preferred stock, including NEE. 
 In addition, the right of the holders of NEE s common stock to receive dividends might become subject to the preferential dividend, redemption, sinking fund or other rights of the holders of any series of NEE preferred stock that may be issued in the future, and the right of the holders (including NEE) of FPL or NEE Capital, as the case may be, common stock or preferred stock, as the case may be, to receive dividends might become subject to the preferential dividend, redemption, sinking fund or other rights of the holders of any series of FPL or NEE Capital, as the case may be, preferred stock that may be issued in the future. 
 Liquidation Rights . If there is a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of NEE, the holders of common stock are entitled to share equally and ratably in any assets remaining after NEE has paid, or provided for the payment of, all of its debts and other liabilities, and after NEE has paid, or provided for the payment of, any preferential amounts payable to the holders of any outstanding preferred stock. 
 Other Rights . The holders of common stock do not have any preemptive, subscription, conversion or sinking fund rights. The common stock is not subject to redemption. 
 Anti-Takeover Effects of Provisions in NEE s Charter and NEE s Bylaws 
 NEE s Charter and NEE s Bylaws contain provisions that may make it difficult and expensive for a third party to pursue a takeover attempt that NEE s board of directors and management oppose even if a change in control of NEE might be beneficial to the interests of holders of common stock. 
 NEE s Charter Provisions . Among NEE s Charter provisions that could have an anti-takeover effect are those that 
 provide that a vacancy on the board of directors may be filled only by a majority vote of the remaining directors 
 prohibit the shareholders from taking action by written consent in lieu of a meeting of shareholders 
 limit the persons who may call a special meeting of shareholders to the chairman of the NEE board of directors, the president or the secretary, a majority of the board of directors or the holders of 20 of the outstanding shares of stock entitled to vote on the matter or matters to be presented at the meeting 
 require any action by shareholders to amend or repeal NEE s Bylaws, or to adopt new bylaws, to receive the affirmative vote of holders of at least a majority of the voting power of the outstanding shares of voting stock, voting together as a single class and 
 require the affirmative vote of holders of at least a majority of the voting power of the outstanding shares of voting stock, voting together as a single class, to alter, amend or repeal specified provisions of NEE s Charter, including the foregoing provisions. 
 3 
 DB1 134224079.5 

NEE s Bylaw Provisions . NEE s Bylaws contain some of the foregoing provisions contained in NEE s Charter. NEE s Bylaws also contain a provision limiting to 16 directors the maximum number of authorized directors of NEE. In addition, NEE s Bylaws contain provisions that establish advance notice requirements for shareholders to nominate candidates for election as directors at any annual or special meeting of shareholders or to present any other business for consideration at any annual meeting of shareholders. These provisions generally require a shareholder to submit in writing to NEE s secretary any nomination of a candidate for election to the board of directors or any other proposal for consideration at any annual meeting not earlier than 120 days or later than 90 days before the first anniversary of the preceding year s annual meeting. NEE s Bylaws also require a shareholder to submit in writing to NEE s secretary any nomination of a candidate for election to the board of directors for consideration at any special meeting not earlier than 120 days before such special meeting and not after the later of 90 days before such special meeting or the tenth day following the day of the first public announcement of the date of the special meeting and of the fact that directors are to be elected at the meeting. For the shareholder s notice to be in proper form, it must include all of the information specified in NEE s Bylaws. 
 Preferred Stock . The rights and privileges of holders of common stock may be adversely affected by the rights, privileges and preferences of holders of shares of any series of preferred stock which NEE s board of directors may authorize for issuance from time to time. NEE s board of directors has broad discretion with respect to the creation and issuance of any series of preferred stock without shareholder approval, subject to any applicable rights of holders of any shares of preferred stock outstanding at any time. In that regard, NEE s Charter authorizes NEE s board of directors from time to time and without shareholder action to provide for the issuance of up to 100,000,000 shares of preferred stock in one or more series, and to determine the designations, preferences, limitations and relative or other rights of any such series, including voting rights, dividend rights, liquidation preferences, sinking fund provisions, conversion privileges and redemption rights. Among other things, by authorizing the issuance of shares of preferred stock with particular voting, conversion or other rights, the board of directors could adversely affect the voting power of the holders of common stock and could discourage any attempt to effect a change in control of NEE, even if such a transaction would be beneficial to the interests of holders of common stock. 
 Restrictions on Affiliated and Control Share Transactions under Florida Act 
 Affiliated Transactions . As a Florida corporation, NEE is subject to the Florida Act, which provides that a Florida corporation generally may not engage in an affiliated transaction with an interested shareholder, as those terms are defined in the statute, for three years following the date a shareholder becomes an interested shareholder, unless 
 prior to the time that such shareholder became an interested shareholder, the board of directors approved either the affiliated transaction or the transaction which resulted in the shareholder becoming an interested shareholder, 
 upon consummation of the transaction that resulted in the shareholder becoming an interested shareholder, the interested shareholder owned at least 85 percent of the voting shares of the corporation outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, subject to certain exclusions, or 
 at or subsequent to the time that such shareholder became an interested shareholder, the affiliated transaction is approved by the board of directors and authorized by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the outstanding voting shares which are not owned by the interested shareholder. 
 The Florida Act generally defines an interested shareholder as any person who is the beneficial owner of more than 15 of the outstanding voting shares of the corporation. The affiliated transactions covered by the Florida Act include, with specified exceptions 
 mergers and consolidations to which the corporation and the interested shareholder are parties, 
 4 
 DB1 134224079.5 

sales or certain other dispositions of assets representing 10 or more of the aggregate fair market value of the corporation s assets, outstanding shares, earning power or net income to the interested shareholder, 
 generally, issuances by the corporation of 10 or more of the aggregate fair market value of its outstanding shares to the interested shareholder, 
 the adoption of any plan for the liquidation or dissolution of the corporation proposed by or pursuant to an arrangement with the interested shareholder, 
 any reclassification of the corporation s securities, recapitalization of the corporation, merger or consolidation, or other transaction which has the effect of increasing by more than 10 the percentage of the outstanding voting shares of the corporation beneficially owned by the interested shareholder, and 
 the receipt by the interested shareholder of certain loans or other financial assistance from the corporation. 
 The foregoing transactions generally also include transactions involving any affiliate of the interested shareholder and involving or affecting any direct or indirect majority-owned subsidiary of the corporation. 
 The voting requirements above will not apply if, among other things, subject to specified qualifications 
 the transaction has been approved by a majority of the corporation s disinterested directors, 
 the interested shareholder has been the beneficial owner of at least 80 of the corporation s outstanding voting shares for at least three years preceding the transaction, 
 the interested shareholder is the beneficial owner of at least 90 of the outstanding voting shares, or 
 specified fair price and procedural requirements are satisfied. 
 Control-Share Acquisitions . The Florida Act also contains a control-share acquisition statute which provides that a person who acquires shares in an issuing public corporation, as defined in the statute, in excess of certain specified thresholds generally will not have any voting rights with respect to such shares unless such voting rights are approved by the holders of a majority of the votes of each class of securities entitled to vote separately, excluding shares held or controlled by the acquiring person. The thresholds specified in the Florida Act are the acquisition of a number of shares representing 
 one-fifth or more, but less than one-third, of all voting power of the corporation, 
 one-third or more, but less than a majority, of all voting power of the corporation, or 
 a majority or more of all voting power of the corporation. 
 The statute does not apply if, among other things, the acquisition 
 is approved by the corporation s board of directors, or 
 is effected pursuant to a statutory merger or share exchange to which the corporation is a party. 
 The statute also does not apply to an acquisition of shares of a corporation in excess of a specified threshold if, before the acquisition, the corporation s articles of incorporation or bylaws provide that the corporation will not be governed by the statute. The statute also permits a corporation to adopt a provision in its articles of incorporation 
 5 
 DB1 134224079.5 

or bylaws providing for the redemption of the acquired shares by the corporation in specified circumstances. NEE s Charter and NEE s Bylaws do not contain such provisions. 
 Indemnification 
 Florida law generally provides that a Florida corporation, such as NEE, may indemnify its directors and officers against liabilities and expenses they may incur. Florida law also limits the liability of directors to NEE and other persons. NEE s Bylaws contain provisions requiring NEE to indemnify its directors, officers, employees and agents under specified conditions. In addition, NEE carries insurance permitted by the laws of Florida on behalf of its directors, officers, employees and agents. 
 Shareholder Access 
 NEE s Bylaws permit a shareholder, or a group of up to 20 shareholders, owning continuously for at least three years 3 or more of NEE s outstanding common stock (an eligible shareholder to nominate and include in NEE s annual meeting proxy materials director candidates to occupy (together with any nominees of other eligible shareholders) up to two or 20 of the number of directors in office (whichever is greater), provided that such eligible shareholder satisfies the requirements set forth in NEE s Bylaws. Those requirements generally include receipt by NEE s secretary of written notice from an eligible shareholder of the nomination not earlier than 150 days or later than 120 days before the first anniversary of the mailing of NEE s proxy materials for the most recent annual meeting. For the eligible shareholder s notice to be in proper form, it must include all of the information specified in NEE s Bylaws. 
 Transfer Agent and Registrar 
 The transfer agent and registrar for the common stock is Computershare Trust Company, N.A. 
 II. CORPORATE UNITS 
 DESCRIPTION OF THE EQUITY UNITS 
 NEE has issued three series of equity units, as described in the following paragraph, which are currently outstanding. NEE entered into a separate purchase contract agreement, pledge agreement and remarketing agreement with respect to each series of equity units. In addition, NEE Capital issued a different series of debentures, as described below, in connection with each issuance of equity units. References in this section to the foregoing agreements refer to the corresponding agreements that were entered into in connection with such equity unit transactions. In addition, certain terms are defined in Annex A and reference is made to such Annex A. 
 NEE has issued 
 Equity Units February 2020 Equity Units under a purchase contract agreement, dated as of February 1, 2020 February 2020 purchase contract agreement ), 
 Equity Units September 2020 Equity Units under a purchase contract agreement, dated as of September 1, 2020 September 2020 purchase contract agreement ), and 
 Equity Units 2022 Equity Units and together with the February 2020 Equity Units and the September 2020 Equity Units, the Equity Units under a purchase contract agreement, dated as of September 1, 2022 September 2022 purchase contract agreement and together with the February 2020 purchase contract agreement and the September 2020 purchase contract agreement, each a purchase contract agreement , and collectively, the purchase contract agreements ), 
 each between NEE and The Bank of New York Mellon, as purchase contract agent purchase contract agent ). The February 2020 Equity Units initially consisted of 50,000,000 5.279 Corporate Units, the September 2020 Equity 
 6 
 DB1 134224079.5 

Units initially consisted of 40,000,000 6.219 Corporate Units, and the 2022 Equity Units initially consisted of 40,000,000 6.926 Corporate Units (the 6.926 Corporate Units, together with the 5.279 Corporate Units and the 6.219 Corporate Units, the Corporate Units ). This section briefly summarizes some of the terms of the Equity Units, including the Corporate Units, and some of the provisions of the respective purchase contract agreements and 
 a pledge agreement, dated as of February 1, 2020 February 2020 pledge agreement with respect to the February 2020 Equity Units, 
 a pledge agreement, dated as of September 1, 2020 September 2020 pledge agreement with respect to the September 2020 Equity Units, and 
 a pledge agreement, dated as of September 1, 2022 2022 pledge agreement and together with the February 2020 pledge agreement and the September 2020 pledge agreement, each a pledge agreement , and collectively the pledge agreements with respect to the 2022 Equity Units 
 in each case between NEE, Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as collateral agent, custodial agent and securities intermediary collateral agent ), and The Bank of New York Mellon, as purchase contract agent. This summary does not contain a complete description of the Equity Units. You should read this summary together with the respective purchase contract agreement and the respective pledge agreement for a complete understanding of all the provisions and for the definitions of some terms used in this summary. The purchase contract agreements and the pledge agreements have been filed by NEE with the SEC and are exhibits to the Form 10-K. In addition, each purchase contract agreement is qualified under the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 and is therefore subject to the provisions of the Trust Indenture Act of 1939. You should read the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 for a complete understanding of its provisions. 
 General 
 The February 2020 Equity Units initially consisted of 50,000,000 Corporate Units, the September 2020 Equity Units initially consisted of 40,000,000 Corporate Units and the 2022 Equity Units initially consisted of 40,000,000 Corporate Units, in each case with a stated amount of 50. 
 Each Corporate Unit consists of a unit comprised of 
 a purchase contract, pursuant to which 
 the holder agrees to purchase from NEE, and NEE agrees to sell to the holder, not later than the Purchase Contract Settlement Date (as defined in Annex A), or upon early settlement, for 50, a number of newly issued shares of NEE common stock equal to the applicable settlement rate described below under Description of the Purchase Contracts Purchase of NEE Common Stock, Description of the Purchase Contracts Early Settlement by Delivering Cash, and Description of the Purchase Contracts Early Settlement upon a Fundamental Change, and 
 NEE will make contract adjustment payments to the holder at the Contract Adjustment Rate (as defined in Annex A) per year on the stated amount of 50, or the Contract Adjustment Annualized Amount (as defined in Annex A) per year, payable quarterly, and subject to NEE s right to defer these payments, 
 and either 
 a 5 applicable ownership interest in a NEE Capital Related Debenture (as defined in Annex A, and herein referred to as, a NEE Capital debenture and collectively, NEE Capital debentures in the principal amount of 1,000 under which NEE Capital will pay to the holder 5 of the interest payment on a debenture in the principal amount of 1,000 at the 
 7 
 DB1 134224079.5 

initial rate of the Initial Interest Rate (as defined in Annex A) per year (resulting in a payment of the Initial Interest Annualized Amount (as defined in Annex A) per year), or 
 following a successful remarketing of the NEE Capital debentures on or prior to the ninth business day preceding the Purchase Contract Settlement Date, or the occurrence of a special event redemption or a mandatory redemption, the applicable ownership interest in a portfolio of U.S. Treasury securities maturing on or prior to the Treasury Portfolio Maturity Deadline (as defined in Annex A), which is referred to as the Treasury portfolio. 
 Applicable ownership interest means with respect to the U.S. Treasury securities in the Treasury portfolio 
 for a remarketing Treasury portfolio, 
 a 5 undivided beneficial ownership interest in 1,000 face amount of U.S. Treasury securities (or principal or interest strips thereof) included in the Treasury portfolio that mature on or prior to the Treasury Portfolio Maturity Deadline, 
 if the reset effective date (which means, in the case of a successful remarketing during the period for early remarketing, the third business day immediately following the date of the successful remarketing, unless the remarketing is successful within five business days of the next succeeding interest payment date in which case the reset effective date will be such interest payment date, and, in the case of a successful remarketing during the final three-day remarketing period, the Purchase Contract Settlement Date) occurs prior to the Three Month Date (as defined in Annex A), with respect to the originally-scheduled quarterly interest payment dates on the NEE Capital debentures that would have occurred on the Three Month Date and the Purchase Contract Settlement Date, an undivided beneficial ownership interest in a 1,000 face amount of U.S. Treasury securities (or principal or interest strips thereof) that mature on or prior to (i) the Day Before the Three Month Date (as defined in Annex A) (in connection with the interest payment date that would have occurred on the Three Month Date) and (ii) the Treasury Portfolio Maturity Deadline (in connection with the interest payment date that would have occurred on the Purchase Contract Settlement Date), each in an aggregate amount at maturity equal to the aggregate interest payments that would be due on the Three Month Date and the Purchase Contract Settlement Date, respectively, with respect to a 5 beneficial ownership interest in a NEE Capital debenture in the principal amount of 1,000 that would have been components of the Corporate Units assuming no remarketing and no reset of the interest rate on the NEE Capital debentures as described under Description of the NEE Capital Debentures Market Reset Rate and assuming that interest on the NEE Capital debentures accrued from the reset effective date to, but excluding, the Three Month Date and from the Three Month Date to, but excluding, the Purchase Contract Settlement Date, respectively, and 
 if the reset effective date occurs on or after the Three Month Date, with respect to the originally-scheduled quarterly interest payment date on the NEE Capital debentures that would have occurred on the Purchase Contract Settlement Date, an undivided beneficial ownership interest in a 1,000 face amount of U.S. Treasury securities (or principal or interest strips thereof) that mature on or prior to the Treasury Portfolio Maturity Deadline in an aggregate amount at maturity equal to the aggregate interest payment that would be due on the Purchase Contract Settlement Date with respect to a 5 beneficial ownership interest in a NEE Capital debenture in the principal amount of 1,000 that would have been components of the Corporate Units assuming no remarketing and no reset of the interest rate on the NEE Capital debentures and assuming that interest on the NEE Capital debentures accrued from the reset effective date to, but excluding, the Purchase Contract Settlement Date. 
 If U.S. Treasury securities (or principal or interest strips thereof) that are to be included in the remarketing Treasury portfolio have a yield that is less than zero, then instead, at NEE 
 8 
 DB1 134224079.5 

Capital s option, the remarketing Treasury portfolio will consist of an amount in cash equal to the aggregate principal amount at maturity of the applicable U.S. Treasury securities (or principal or interest strips thereof) described above. If the provisions set forth in this paragraph apply, references to U.S. Treasury securities (or principal or interest strips thereof) in connection with the remarketing Treasury portfolio will, thereafter, be deemed to be references to such amount of cash. 
 for a special event Treasury portfolio, 
 a 5 undivided beneficial ownership interest in 1,000 face amount of U.S. Treasury securities (or principal or interest strips thereof) included in the Treasury portfolio that mature on or prior to the Treasury Portfolio Maturity Deadline, and 
 with respect to each scheduled interest payment date on the NEE Capital debentures that would have occurred after the special event redemption date and on or prior to the Purchase Contract Settlement Date, an undivided beneficial ownership interest in a 1,000 face amount of U.S. Treasury securities (or principal or interest strips thereof) that mature on or prior to that interest payment date in an aggregate amount equal to the aggregate interest payment that would be due with respect to a 5 beneficial ownership interest in a NEE Capital debenture in the principal amount of 1,000 that would have been components of the Corporate Units on that date (assuming no special event redemption) and accruing from and including the immediately preceding interest payment date to which interest has been paid. 
 If a Treasury portfolio is required to be purchased in connection with a mandatory redemption of NEE Capital debentures, an applicable ownership interest in such Treasury portfolio will be the same as an applicable ownership interest in a special event Treasury portfolio. 
 For U.S. federal income tax purposes, the purchase price of each Corporate Unit was allocated between the related purchase contract and the applicable ownership interest in a NEE Capital debenture in proportion to their respective fair market values at the time of issuance. NEE will report the fair market value of the 5 applicable ownership interest in a 1,000 principal amount of each NEE Capital debenture as the NEE Capital Debenture Fair Market Value (as defined in Annex A), and NEE Capital will report the fair market value of each purchase contract as 0 at the time of issuance. This position generally will be binding on each beneficial owner of each Corporate Unit, but not on the Internal Revenue Service IRS ). See United States Federal Income Tax Discussion U.S. Holders Allocation of Original Purchase Price. 
 As long as an Equity Unit is in the form of a Corporate Unit, the related applicable ownership interest in a NEE Capital debenture or the applicable ownership interest in a Treasury portfolio, as applicable, that is a component of the Corporate Unit will be pledged to NEE through the collateral agent to secure the holder s obligation to purchase NEE common stock under the related purchase contract. 
 Creating Treasury Units by Substituting a Treasury Security for a NEE Capital Debenture 
 Unless the Treasury portfolio has replaced the NEE Capital debentures as a component of the Corporate Units as a result of a successful remarketing, a special event redemption or a mandatory redemption, each holder of Corporate Units has the right, on or prior to the seventh business day immediately preceding the Purchase Contract Settlement Date, to substitute for the related NEE Capital debentures held by the collateral agent a zero-coupon U.S. Treasury security (Zero-Coupon CUSIP (as defined in Annex A)) maturing on the Treasury Portfolio Maturity Deadline, having a principal amount at maturity equal to the aggregate principal amount of the NEE Capital debentures for which substitution is being made. These substitutions will create Treasury Units, and the NEE Capital debentures will be released to the holder. Because Treasury securities and NEE Capital debentures are issued in integral multiples of 1,000, holders of Corporate Units may make these substitutions only in integral multiples of 20 Corporate Units. 
 9 
 DB1 134224079.5 

The ability of holders of Corporate Units to create Treasury Units is subject to the limitation that holders may not create Treasury Units during any period commencing on and including the business day prior to the first day of any three-day remarketing period and ending on and including, in the case of a successful remarketing during that three-day remarketing period, the reset effective date, or, if none of the remarketings during that three-day remarketing period is successful, the business day following the last remarketing date in the applicable three-day remarketing period. 
 If a Treasury portfolio has replaced the NEE Capital debentures as a component of the Corporate Units as a result of a successful remarketing of the NEE Capital debentures, a special event redemption or a mandatory redemption, each holder of Corporate Units may create Treasury Units by making substitutions of Treasury securities for the applicable ownership interest in the Treasury portfolio, on or prior to the second business day immediately preceding the Purchase Contract Settlement Date and only in integral multiples of the Minimum Number (as defined in Annex A) of Corporate Units (or such other number of Corporate Units as may be determined by the remarketing agents upon a successful remarketing of the NEE Capital debentures if the reset effective date is not a regular quarterly interest payment date). In such a case, the holder would also obtain the release of the applicable ownership interest in the Treasury portfolio rather than a release of the NEE Capital debentures. 
 Each Treasury Unit will consist of a unit with a stated amount of 50, comprised of 
 a purchase contract, pursuant to which 
 the holder will agree to purchase from NEE, and NEE will agree to sell to the holder, not later than the Purchase Contract Settlement Date, or upon early settlement, for 50, a number of newly issued shares of NEE common stock equal to the applicable settlement rate described below under Description of the Purchase Contracts Purchase of NEE Common Stock, Description of the Purchase Contracts Early Settlement by Delivering Cash, and Description of the Purchase Contracts Early Settlement upon a Fundamental Change, and 
 NEE will make contract adjustment payments to the holder at the Contract Adjustment Rate per year on the stated amount of 50, or the Contract Adjustment Annualized Amount per year, payable quarterly, and subject to NEE s right to defer these payments, and 
 a 5 undivided beneficial ownership interest in a Treasury security having a principal amount at maturity of 1,000. 
 Unless the Treasury portfolio has replaced the NEE Capital debentures as a component of the Corporate Units, to create 20 Treasury Units the Corporate Unit holder will 
 deposit with the collateral agent a Treasury security having a principal amount at maturity of 1,000, which Treasury security must have been purchased in the open market at the holder s expense, unless otherwise owned by the holder and 
 transfer 20 Corporate Units to the purchase contract agent accompanied by a notice stating that the holder has deposited a Treasury security in the required amount with the collateral agent and requesting that the purchase contract agent instruct the collateral agent to release the related NEE Capital debenture. 
 Upon that deposit and the receipt of an instruction from the purchase contract agent, the collateral agent will release the related NEE Capital debenture from the pledge under the applicable pledge agreement and deliver it to the purchase contract agent, on behalf of the holder, free and clear of NEE s security interest. The purchase contract agent then will 
 cancel the 20 Corporate Units 
 transfer the related NEE Capital debenture to the holder and 
 10 
 DB1 134224079.5 

deliver 20 Treasury Units to the holder. 
 The Treasury security will be substituted for the NEE Capital debenture and will be pledged to NEE through the collateral agent to secure the holder s obligation to purchase NEE common stock under the related purchase contract. The related NEE Capital debenture released to the holder thereafter will trade separately from the resulting Treasury Units. 
 If the Treasury portfolio has replaced the NEE Capital debentures as a component of the Corporate Units, then to create Treasury Units the Corporate Unit holder will have the right to substitute Treasury securities for the applicable ownership interests in the Treasury portfolio by following the same procedure specified above for creating a Treasury Unit, except the holder will have to deposit integral multiples of the Minimum Number of Corporate Units (or such other number of Corporate Units as may be determined by the remarketing agents upon a successful remarketing of the NEE Capital debentures if the reset effective date is not a regular quarterly interest payment date). 
 Holders that elect to substitute pledged securities, thereby creating Treasury Units or recreating Corporate Units, will be responsible for any fees or expenses payable in connection with the substitution. See Certain Other Provisions of the Purchase Contract Agreements and the Pledge Agreements Miscellaneous. 
 Recreating Corporate Units 
 Unless the Treasury portfolio has replaced the NEE Capital debentures as a component of the Corporate Units as a result of a successful remarketing, a special event redemption or a mandatory redemption, each holder of Treasury Units will have the right, on or prior to the second business day immediately preceding the first day of the final three-day remarketing period, to substitute NEE Capital debentures for any related Treasury securities held by the collateral agent, having a principal amount equal to the aggregate principal amount of the Treasury securities at maturity for which substitution is being made. These substitutions will recreate Corporate Units, and the Treasury securities will be released to the holder. Because Treasury securities and NEE Capital debentures are issued in integral multiples of 1,000, holders of Treasury Units may make these substitutions only in integral multiples of 20 Treasury Units. 
 The ability of holders of Treasury Units to recreate Corporate Units will be subject to the limitation that holders may not recreate Corporate Units during any period commencing on and including the business day prior to the first day of any three-day remarketing period and ending on and including, in the case of a successful remarketing during that three-day remarketing period, the reset effective date, or, if none of the remarketings during that three-day remarketing period is successful, the business day following the last remarketing date in the applicable three-day remarketing period. 
 If a Treasury portfolio has replaced the NEE Capital debentures as a component of the Corporate Units as a result of a successful remarketing of the NEE Capital debentures, a special event redemption or a mandatory redemption, each holder of Treasury Units may recreate Corporate Units by making substitutions of the applicable ownership interest in the Treasury portfolio for the Treasury securities, on or prior to the second business day immediately preceding the Purchase Contract Settlement Date and only in integral multiples of the Minimum Number of Treasury Units (or such other number of Treasury Units as may be determined by the remarketing agents in connection with a successful remarketing of the NEE Capital debentures if the reset effective date is not a regular quarterly interest payment date). In such a case, the holder would also obtain the release of the Treasury securities for which substitution is being made. 
 Unless the Treasury portfolio has replaced the NEE Capital debentures as a component of the Corporate Units, to recreate 20 Corporate Units a Treasury Unit holder will 
 deposit with the collateral agent a NEE Capital debenture in the principal amount of 1,000, which NEE Capital debenture must have been purchased in the open market at the holder s expense, unless otherwise owned by the holder and 
 11 
 DB1 134224079.5 

transfer 20 Treasury Units to the purchase contract agent accompanied by a notice stating that the holder has deposited a NEE Capital debenture in the principal amount of 1,000 with the collateral agent and requesting that the purchase contract agent instruct the collateral agent to release the related Treasury security. 
 Upon that deposit and the receipt of an instruction from the purchase contract agent, the collateral agent will release the related Treasury security from the pledge under the applicable pledge agreement and deliver it to the purchase contract agent, on behalf of the holder, free and clear of NEE s security interest. The purchase contract agent will then 
 cancel the 20 Treasury Units 
 transfer the related Treasury security to the holder and 
 deliver 20 Corporate Units to the holder. 
 The NEE Capital debenture will be substituted for the Treasury security and will be pledged to NEE through the collateral agent to secure the holder s obligation to purchase NEE common stock under the related purchase contract. 
 If the Treasury portfolio has replaced the NEE Capital debentures as a component of the Corporate Units, the Treasury Unit holder will follow the same procedure specified above for recreating Corporate Units, except that the holder will have to deposit integral multiples of the Minimum Number of Treasury Units and must deposit integral multiples of the Minimum Number of applicable ownership interests in the Treasury portfolio with the collateral agent, which must be purchased in the open market at the expense of the Treasury Unit holder, unless otherwise owned by the holder. 
 Holders that elect to substitute pledged securities, thereby creating Treasury Units or recreating Corporate Units, will be responsible for any fees or expenses payable in connection with the substitution. See Certain Other Provisions of the Purchase Contract Agreements and the Pledge Agreements Miscellaneous. 
 Payments on Corporate Units and Treasury Units 
 Holders of Corporate Units will be entitled to receive aggregate cash payments at the Corporate Unit Aggregate Rate (as defined in Annex A) per year on the 50 stated amount per Corporate Unit, payable quarterly in arrears. The quarterly payments on the Corporate Units will consist of 
 interest on the related applicable ownership interest in NEE Capital debentures payable by NEE Capital (or cash distributions on the applicable ownership interest in the Treasury portfolio if the NEE Capital debentures have been replaced by the Treasury portfolio), equivalent to the Initial Interest Rate per year on the stated amount and 
 distributions of quarterly contract adjustment payments payable by NEE at the Contract Adjustment Rate per year on the stated amount, subject to NEE s right to defer the payment of such contract adjustment payments. 
 If interest on the NEE Capital debentures is reset on a reset effective date that is not a scheduled interest payment date, the purchase contract agent will receive on behalf of holders of Corporate Units a payment from NEE Capital on the reset effective date of accrued and unpaid interest on the NEE Capital debentures from the most recent quarterly interest payment date to, but excluding, the reset effective date. On the quarterly payment date next following the reset effective date, Corporate Unit holders will receive a quarterly cash distribution comprised of their pro rata portion of that interest payment, the portion of their applicable ownership interest in the remarketing Treasury portfolio that matures prior to that quarterly payment date and the contract adjustment payment payable on that date. If interest on the NEE Capital debentures is reset on a reset effective date that is not a scheduled interest payment date, holders of separate NEE Capital debentures that were not a component of Corporate Units will 
 12 
 DB1 134224079.5 

receive on the reset effective date a payment of accrued and unpaid interest from the most recent quarterly interest payment date to, but excluding, the reset effective date. On the semi-annual interest payment date next following the reset effective date, holders of NEE Capital debentures will receive a payment of interest accrued from and including the reset effective date, to, but excluding, such interest payment date. 
 Holders of Treasury Units will be entitled to receive quarterly cash distributions of contract adjustment payments payable by NEE at the Contract Adjustment Rate per year on the 50 stated amount per Treasury Unit, subject to NEE s right to defer the payment of such contract adjustment payments. Although holders of Treasury Units will not receive any interest payments on the Treasury securities pledged in connection with the creation of the Treasury Units, the holders of Treasury Units will continue to receive the scheduled interest payments on the NEE Capital debentures that were released to them when the Treasury Units were created for so long as they hold the NEE Capital debentures. Holders of Treasury Units will be required to accrue original issue discount OID on these Treasury securities. 
 Ranking 
 The NEE Capital debentures are senior unsecured obligations of NEE Capital and rank equally in right of payment with all of NEE Capital s other unsecured and unsubordinated debt obligations. See Description of the NEE Capital Debentures. 
 NEE s obligations under its guarantee of NEE Capital debentures are senior unsecured obligations of NEE and rank equally in right of payment with all of NEE s other unsecured and unsubordinated debt obligations. See Description of NEE Guarantee. 
 NEE s obligations with respect to contract adjustment payments are unsecured and subordinate and junior in right of payment to its obligations under any of its senior indebtedness. Senior indebtedness with respect to contract adjustment payments means all of NEE s indebtedness of any kind, existing or incurred in the future, unless the instrument, if any, under which such indebtedness is incurred expressly provides that it is on a parity in right of payment with or subordinate in right of payment to the contract adjustment payments. Senior indebtedness will be entitled to the benefits of the subordination provisions in the purchase contract agreements. 
 Voting and Certain Other Rights 
 Holders of purchase contracts that are components of the Corporate Units or Treasury Units, in their capacities as such holders, will have no rights with respect to NEE common stock (including, without limitation, voting rights and rights to receive any dividends or other distributions on NEE common stock). 
 Trading of the Securities 
 Each series of Corporate Units is listed on the NYSE. Unless and until substitution has been made as described in Creating Treasury Units by Substituting a Treasury Security for a NEE Capital Debenture or Recreating Corporate Units, prior to a successful remarketing neither the NEE Capital debentures, nor the applicable ownership interest in the Treasury portfolio component of a Corporate Unit nor the Treasury security component of a Treasury Unit will trade separately from Corporate Units or Treasury Units. The applicable ownership interests in NEE Capital debentures or applicable ownership interest in the Treasury portfolio component will trade as a unit with the purchase contract component of the Corporate Units, and the Treasury security component will trade as a unit with the purchase contract component of the Treasury Units. NEE has no obligation or current intention to apply for listing of the Treasury Units or the NEE Capital debentures. There can be no assurance as to the liquidity of any secondary market for the Corporate Units or that may develop for the Treasury Units or the NEE Capital debentures. 
 13 
 DB1 134224079.5 

Purchase of Equity Units and NEE Capital Debentures 
 NEE, its subsidiaries or its affiliates may from time to time, to the extent permitted by law, purchase any of the Corporate Units, Treasury Units or NEE Capital debentures which are then outstanding by tender, in the open market or by private agreement. 
 DESCRIPTION OF THE PURCHASE CONTRACTS 
 This section briefly summarizes some of the terms of the purchase contract agreements, the purchase contracts, the pledge agreements, each remarketing agreement, and the indenture and the officer s certificates which supplemented the indenture and created the specific terms of the NEE Capital debentures. This summary does not contain a complete description of the purchase contracts. You should read this summary together with the purchase contract agreements, the pledge agreements, the remarketing agreements, the indenture, the officer s certificates and other documents which established the purchase contracts for a complete understanding of all the provisions and for the definitions of some terms used in this summary. The purchase contract agreements, the purchase contracts, the pledge agreements and the officer s certificates creating the specific terms of the NEE Capital debentures and the indenture have been previously filed with the SEC and are exhibits to the Form 10-K. In addition, the purchase contract agreements and the indenture are qualified under the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 and are therefore subject to the provisions of the Trust Indenture Act of 1939. You should read the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 for a complete understanding of its provisions. 
 Purchase of NEE Common Stock 
 Each purchase contract that is part of a Corporate Unit or a Treasury Unit will obligate its holder to purchase, and NEE to sell, on the Purchase Contract Settlement Date (unless the purchase contract terminates prior to that date or is settled early at the holder s option), a number of newly issued shares of NEE common stock determined by reference to the settlement rate, for 50 in cash. The number of shares of NEE common stock issuable upon settlement of each purchase contract will be calculated, subject to adjustment under the circumstances described under Anti-dilution Adjustments and Early Settlement upon a Fundamental Change, as follows 
 If the applicable market value of NEE common stock is equal to or greater than the Threshold Appreciation Price (as defined in Annex A), the applicable settlement rate shall equal the Minimum Settlement Rate (as defined in Annex A) of shares of NEE common stock, which is equal to 50 divided by the Threshold Appreciation Price. 
 Accordingly, if the applicable market value is greater than the Threshold Appreciation Price, the aggregate market value of the shares of NEE common stock issued upon settlement of each purchase contract will be higher than 50, assuming that the market price of NEE common stock on the date of settlement is the same as the applicable market value of NEE common stock. If the market price is the same as the Threshold Appreciation Price, the aggregate market value of those shares of NEE common stock will be equal to 50, assuming that the market price of NEE common stock on the date of settlement is the same as the applicable market value. 
 If the applicable market value of NEE common stock is less than the Threshold Appreciation Price but greater than the Reference Price (as defined in Annex A), the applicable settlement rate shall equal the number of shares of NEE common stock equal to 50 divided by the applicable market value. 
 Accordingly, if the applicable market value is greater than the Reference Price, but the applicable market value does not exceed the Threshold Appreciation Price, the aggregate market value of the shares of NEE common stock issued upon settlement of each purchase contract will be equal to 50, assuming that the market price of NEE common stock on the date of settlement is the same as the applicable market value of NEE common stock. 
 14 
 DB1 134224079.5 

If the applicable market value of NEE common stock is less than or equal to the Reference Price, the applicable settlement rate shall equal the Maximum Settlement Rate (as defined in Annex A) of shares of NEE common stock, which is equal to 50 divided by the Reference Price. 
 Accordingly, if the applicable market value is less than the Reference Price, the aggregate market value of the shares of NEE common stock issued upon settlement of each purchase contract will be less than 50, assuming that the market price of NEE common stock on the date of settlement is the same as the applicable market value of NEE common stock. If the market price is the same as the Reference Price, the aggregate market value of those shares of NEE common stock will be equal to 50, assuming that the market price of NEE common stock on the date of settlement is the same as the applicable market value of NEE common stock. 
 If a holder elects to settle its purchase contract early in the manner described under Early Settlement by Delivering Cash, the number of shares of NEE common stock issuable upon settlement of such purchase contract will be Minimum Settlement Rate, subject to adjustment as described under Anti-dilution Adjustments. The Maximum Settlement Rate and Minimum Settlement Rate are collectively referred to as the fixed settlement rates. 
 Applicable market value means the average of the closing price per share of NEE common stock on each of the 20 consecutive trading days ending on the third trading day immediately preceding the Purchase Contract Settlement Date. 
 Closing price of NEE common stock on any date of determination means 
 the closing sale price (or, if no closing price is reported, the last reported sale price) of NEE common stock on the NYSE on that date or, if NEE common stock is not listed for trading on the NYSE on any such date, as reported in the composite transactions for the principal United States securities exchange on which NEE common stock is so listed 
 if shares of NEE common stock are not so reported, the last quoted bid price for NEE common stock in the over-the-counter market as reported by OTC Markets Group Inc. or similar organization or 
 if the bid price is not available, the market value of NEE common stock on the date of determination as determined by a nationally recognized independent investment banking firm retained by NEE for this purpose. 
 A trading day means a day on which NEE common stock 
 is not suspended from trading on any national or regional securities exchange or over-the-counter market at the close of business, and 
 has traded at least once on the national or regional securities exchange or over-the-counter market that is the primary market for the trading of NEE common stock. 
 If the NEE common stock is not traded on a securities exchange or quoted in the over-the-counter market, then trading day shall mean business day. 
 NEE will not issue any fractional shares of its common stock pursuant to the purchase contracts. In lieu of fractional shares otherwise issuable (calculated on an aggregate basis) in respect of the purchase contracts being settled by a holder of Corporate Units or Treasury Units, the holder will be entitled to receive an amount of cash equal to the fraction of a share multiplied by the applicable market value (or, for an early settlement, by the Threshold Appreciation Price (taking into account any adjustments described under Anti-dilution Adjustments )). 
 15 
 DB1 134224079.5 

Unless 
 a holder of Corporate Units or Treasury Units has early settled the related purchase contracts through the delivery of cash to the purchase contract agent in the manner described under Early Settlement by Delivering Cash or under Early Settlement upon a Fundamental Change 
 a holder of Corporate Units or Treasury Units has settled the related purchase contracts with separate cash pursuant to prior notice given in the manner described under Notice to Settle with Cash or 
 an event described under Termination of Purchase Contracts has occurred, 
 then, on the Purchase Contract Settlement Date, 
 in the case of Corporate Units, provided that the Treasury portfolio has not replaced the NEE Capital debentures as a component of the Corporate Units as the result of a successful remarketing of the NEE Capital debentures or because a special event redemption or a mandatory redemption has occurred, such holders will be deemed to have elected to apply a portion of the put price equal to the principal amount of the NEE Capital debentures to satisfy in full the holder s obligation to purchase NEE common stock under the related purchase contracts, and any amount of the put price remaining following settlement of such purchase contracts will be delivered to the purchase contract agent for the benefit of the holder of such Corporate Units and 
 in the case of Treasury Units or, in the event that the Treasury portfolio has replaced the NEE Capital debentures as a component of the Corporate Units as the result of a successful remarketing of the NEE Capital debentures, a special event redemption or a mandatory redemption, in the case of Corporate Units, the principal amount of the related Treasury securities, or the applicable ownership interest in the Treasury portfolio, as applicable, when paid at maturity, will automatically be applied to satisfy in full the holder s obligation to purchase NEE common stock under the related purchase contract. 
 NEE common stock will then be issued and delivered to the holder or the holder s designee, upon presentation and surrender of the certificate evidencing the Equity Units, and payment by the holder of any transfer or similar taxes payable in connection with the issuance of NEE common stock to any person other than the holder. 
 Each holder of Corporate Units or Treasury Units, by acceptance of those securities, will be deemed to have 
 irrevocably agreed to be bound by the terms and provisions of the Corporate Units and the Treasury Units and to perform such holder s obligations under the related purchase contract and the related pledge agreement for so long as the holder remains a holder of Equity Units and 
 duly and irrevocably appointed the purchase contract agent as the holder s attorney-in-fact to enter into and perform the related purchase contracts and the related pledge agreement on behalf of and in the name of the holder. 
 In addition, each holder and beneficial owner of Corporate Units or Treasury Units, by acceptance of a beneficial interest in those securities, will be deemed to have covenanted and agreed to treat 
 itself as the beneficial owner of the related applicable ownership interest in NEE Capital debentures, the applicable ownership interest in the Treasury portfolio (or, if applicable, cash) or the Treasury securities, as the case may be, and 
 the related applicable ownership interest in NEE Capital debentures as indebtedness, 
 in each case, for all U.S. federal, state and local income, and franchise tax purposes. 
 16 
 DB1 134224079.5 

So long as the Equity Units are held through the Depositary, the beneficial owners will have rights and obligations with respect to the Equity Units equivalent to those of a holder except exercisable only through the Depositary or its participants. See Book-Entry Only System. 
 Remarketing 
 Pursuant to the applicable remarketing agreement, and subject to the terms of the related supplemental remarketing agreement, NEE Capital may, at its option and in its sole discretion, elect to remarket the NEE Capital debentures on any remarketing date occurring during the period for early remarketing beginning on the fifth business day preceding the Six Month Date (as defined in Annex A) and ending on and including the ninth business day preceding the Purchase Contract Settlement Date, unless the NEE Capital debentures have been previously redeemed in connection with a special event redemption or a mandatory redemption or have been previously successfully remarketed. Any remarketing during the period for early remarketing will occur during one or more three-day remarketing periods that consist of three sequential possible remarketing days selected by NEE Capital and will include the NEE Capital debentures that are components of the Corporate Units and other separate NEE Capital debentures of holders that have elected to include those NEE Capital debentures in the remarketing. 
 On each remarketing date occurring during the period for early remarketing, the remarketing agents will use their commercially reasonable efforts to obtain a price for the NEE Capital debentures remarketed equal to or greater than 100 of the remarketing Treasury portfolio purchase price plus the separate NEE Capital debentures purchase price plus the remarketing fee. In no event shall the price for the NEE Capital debentures on each remarketing date, if any, occurring during the period for early remarketing be less than a price equal to 100 of the purchase price for the remarketing Treasury portfolio plus the separate NEE Capital debentures purchase price. The proceeds from the remarketing equal to the remarketing Treasury portfolio purchase price will be applied to purchase, on the reset effective date, a remarketing Treasury portfolio consisting of 
 U.S. Treasury securities (or principal or interest strips thereof) that mature on or prior to the Treasury Portfolio Maturity Deadline in an aggregate amount at maturity equal to the principal amount of the NEE Capital debentures that are components of the Corporate Units 
 if the reset effective date occurs prior to the Three Month Date, with respect to the originally-scheduled quarterly interest payment dates on the NEE Capital debentures that would have occurred on the Three Month Date and the Purchase Contract Settlement Date, U.S. Treasury securities (or principal or interest strips thereof) that mature on or prior to (i) the Day Before the Three Month Date (in connection with the interest payment date that would have occurred on the Three Month Date) and (ii) the Treasury Portfolio Maturity Deadline (in connection with the interest payment date that would have occurred on the Purchase Contract Settlement Date), each in an aggregate amount at maturity equal to the aggregate interest payments that would be due on the Three Month Date and the Purchase Contract Settlement Date, respectively, on the principal amount of the NEE Capital debentures that would have been components of the Corporate Units assuming no remarketing and no reset of the interest rate on the NEE Capital debentures as described under Description of the NEE Capital Debentures Market Reset Rate and assuming that interest on the NEE Capital debentures accrued from the reset effective date to, but excluding, the Three Month Date and from the Three Month Date to, but excluding, the Purchase Contract Settlement Date, respectively and 
 if the reset effective date occurs on or after the Three Month Date, with respect to the originally-scheduled quarterly interest payment date on the NEE Capital debentures that would have occurred on the Purchase Contract Settlement Date, U.S. Treasury securities (or principal or interest strips thereof) that mature on or prior to the Treasury Portfolio Maturity Deadline in an aggregate amount at maturity equal to the aggregate interest payment that would be due on the Purchase Contract Settlement Date on the principal amount of the NEE Capital debentures that would have been components of the Corporate Units assuming no remarketing and no reset of the interest rate on the NEE Capital debentures and assuming that interest on the NEE Capital debentures accrued from the reset effective date to, but excluding, the Purchase Contract Settlement Date. 
 17 
 DB1 134224079.5 

If U.S. Treasury securities (or principal or interest strips thereof) that are to be included in the remarketing Treasury portfolio have a yield that is less than zero, then instead, at NEE Capital s option, the remarketing Treasury portfolio will consist of an amount in cash equal to the aggregate principal amount at maturity of the applicable U.S. Treasury securities (or principal or interest strips thereof) described above. If the provisions set forth in this paragraph apply, references to U.S. Treasury securities (or principal or interest strips thereof) in connection with the remarketing Treasury portfolio will, thereafter, be deemed to be references to such amount of cash. 
 The remarketing Treasury portfolio will be substituted for the NEE Capital debentures that are components of the Corporate Units and will be pledged to NEE through the collateral agent to secure the Corporate Unit holders obligations to purchase NEE common stock under the related purchase contracts. 
 In addition, if a remarketing during the period for early remarketing is successful, the remarketing agents may deduct the remarketing fee from any portion of the proceeds from the remarketing of the NEE Capital debentures that is in excess of the sum of the remarketing Treasury portfolio purchase price and the aggregate separate NEE Capital debentures purchase price, which remarketing fee shall be 25 basis points (0.25 of the sum of the remarketing Treasury portfolio purchase price and the aggregate separate NEE Capital debentures purchase price. The remarketing agents will then remit the separate NEE Capital debentures purchase price to the holders of NEE Capital debentures that were not a component of Corporate Units and whose holders elected to include those NEE Capital debentures in an early remarketing. The remarketing agents will then remit the remaining portion of the proceeds from the remarketing of those NEE Capital debentures, if any, for the benefit of the holders of the Corporate Units and the holders, prior to remarketing, of NEE Capital debentures that were not a component of Corporate Units and whose holders elected to include those NEE Capital debentures in an early remarketing. 
 As used in this context, remarketing Treasury portfolio purchase price means the lowest aggregate price quoted by a primary U.S. government securities dealer in New York City to the quotation agent on the applicable remarketing day during the period for early remarketing for the purchase of the remarketing Treasury portfolio described above for settlement on the reset effective date provided that if the remarketing Treasury portfolio consists of cash, remarketing Treasury portfolio purchase price means an amount of cash equal to the aggregate principal amount at maturity of the U.S. Treasury securities (or principal or interest strips thereof) that would have otherwise been components of the remarketing Treasury portfolio. Quotation agent means any primary U.S. government securities dealer in New York City selected by NEE Capital. 
 Following a successful remarketing, interest on the NEE Capital debentures will be payable semi-annually at the reset rate. The reset rate on the NEE Capital debentures to the maturity date will be determined on the date that the remarketing agents are able to successfully remarket the NEE Capital debentures. The reset rate and the semi-annual interest payment dates will become effective, if the remarketing is successful, on the reset effective date, which, in the case of a remarketing during the period for early remarketing, will be the third business day immediately following the date of the successful remarketing, unless the remarketing is successful within five business days of the next succeeding interest payment date in which case the reset effective date will be such interest payment date. See General, Interest and Payment and Market Reset Rate under Description of the NEE Capital Debentures. The interest rate and scheduled interest payment dates of NEE Capital debentures that are held by holders that do not participate in a remarketing will still be reset on the reset effective date in accordance with any reset of the interest rate and modification of the scheduled interest payment dates of the NEE Capital debentures in connection with a successful remarketing. 
 If a remarketing attempt described above is unsuccessful on the first remarketing day of a three-day remarketing period, subsequent remarketings will be attempted as described above on each of the two following remarketing days in that three-day remarketing period until a successful remarketing occurs. If (1) despite using their commercially reasonable efforts, the remarketing agents cannot remarket the NEE Capital debentures at a price equal to at least 100 of the remarketing Treasury portfolio purchase price plus the separate NEE Capital debentures purchase price or (2) the remarketing has not occurred because a condition precedent to the remarketing has not been fulfilled, in each case resulting in an unsuccessful remarketing on each of the three remarketing days comprising the three-day remarketing period, the NEE Capital debentures will continue to be a component of the Corporate Units and additional remarketings may, subject to the next paragraph, be attempted during one or more subsequent three-day remarketing periods as described above. 
 18 
 DB1 134224079.5 

Unless the NEE Capital debentures have been successfully remarketed on or prior to the ninth business day immediately preceding the Purchase Contract Settlement Date, the NEE Capital debentures that are components of the Corporate Units whose holders have failed to notify the purchase contract agent on or prior to the seventh business day preceding the Purchase Contract Settlement Date of their intention to settle the related purchase contracts with separate cash will, unless a special event redemption or mandatory redemption has occurred or will occur prior to the Purchase Contract Settlement Date, be remarketed during a three-day remarketing period beginning on and including the fifth business day, and ending on and including the third business day, immediately preceding the Purchase Contract Settlement Date. This three-day remarketing period is referred to as the final three-day remarketing period, and the third business day immediately preceding the Purchase Contract Settlement Date is referred to as the final remarketing date. The reset effective date relating to any remarketing during the final three-day remarketing period will be the Purchase Contract Settlement Date. In this remarketing, the remarketing agents will use their commercially reasonable efforts to obtain a price for the NEE Capital debentures equal to or greater than 100 of the aggregate principal amount of the NEE Capital debentures being remarketed plus the remarketing fee. In no event shall the price for the NEE Capital debentures being remarketed in this remarketing be less than the aggregate principal amount of the NEE Capital debentures being remarketed. A portion of the proceeds from this remarketing equal to the aggregate principal amount of the NEE Capital debentures that are components of the Corporate Units will be automatically applied to satisfy in full the Corporate Unit holders obligations to purchase NEE common stock on the Purchase Contract Settlement Date. 
 If a remarketing during the final three-day remarketing period is successful, the remarketing agents may deduct the remarketing fee from any portion of the proceeds from the remarketing of the NEE Capital debentures that is in excess of the aggregate principal amount of the remarketed NEE Capital debentures, which remarketing fee shall be 25 basis points (0.25 of the aggregate principal amount of the NEE Capital debentures remarketed. The remarketing agents will then remit any remaining portion of the proceeds for the benefit of the holders. Corporate Unit holders whose component NEE Capital debentures are remarketed as well as holders of separate NEE Capital debentures who elect to participate in the remarketing will not otherwise be responsible for the payment of any remarketing fee in connection with any remarketing. 
 If the remarketing of the NEE Capital debentures on or prior to the final remarketing date is not successful because the remarketing agents cannot obtain a price of at least 100 of the aggregate principal amount of the NEE Capital debentures being remarketed or a condition precedent to such remarketing has not been fulfilled, all holders of NEE Capital debentures (including beneficial owners of NEE Capital debentures that are components of the Corporate Units) will have the right to put their NEE Capital debentures to NEE Capital on the Purchase Contract Settlement Date for an amount equal to the put price. A holder of Corporate Units will be deemed to have automatically exercised this put right with respect to the NEE Capital debentures that are components of such Corporate Units unless such holder has elected to settle the related purchase contracts with separate cash as described below under Notice to Settle with Cash. Unless a holder of Corporate Units has so elected to settle the related purchase contracts with separate cash, such holder will be deemed to have elected to apply a portion of the put price equal to the principal amount of the NEE Capital debentures against such holder s obligations to purchase NEE common stock under the related purchase contracts, thereby satisfying such obligations in full, and NEE will deliver to such holder NEE common stock pursuant to the related purchase contracts. Any amount of the put price remaining following settlement of such purchase contracts will be delivered to the purchase contract agent for the benefit of the holder of such Corporate Units. 
 NEE Capital will announce any remarketing of the NEE Capital debentures on the sixth business day immediately preceding the first remarketing day of a three-day remarketing period and, for the final three-day remarketing period, NEE Capital will announce the remarketing of the NEE Capital debentures on the third business day immediately preceding the first remarketing day of the final three-day remarketing period. Each such announcement (each a remarketing announcement on each such date (each, a remarketing announcement date shall specify 
 if the remarketing announcement relates to a remarketing to occur during the period for early remarketing, that 
 the NEE Capital debentures may be remarketed on any and all of the sixth, seventh or eighth business days following the remarketing announcement date, 
 19 
 DB1 134224079.5 

the reset effective date will be the third business day following the remarketing date on which the NEE Capital debentures are successfully remarketed, unless the remarketing is successful within five business days of the next succeeding interest payment date in which case the reset effective date will be such interest payment date, 
 the reset rate and interest payment dates for the NEE Capital debentures will be established on the remarketing date on which the NEE Capital debentures are successfully remarketed and effective on and after the reset effective date, 
 the reset rate will equal the coupon rate on the NEE Capital debentures that will enable the NEE Capital debentures to be remarketed at a price equal to 100 of the remarketing Treasury portfolio purchase price and the aggregate separate NEE Capital debentures purchase price plus the remarketing fee, and 
 the remarketing fee will equal 25 basis points (0.25 of the sum of the remarketing Treasury portfolio purchase price and the aggregate separate NEE Capital debentures purchase price. 
 if the remarketing announcement relates to a remarketing to occur during the final three-day remarketing period, that 
 the NEE Capital debentures may be remarketed on any and all of the third, fourth or fifth business days following the remarketing announcement date, 
 the reset effective date will be the Purchase Contract Settlement Date if there is a successful remarketing, 
 the reset rate and interest payment dates for the NEE Capital debentures will be established on the remarketing date on which the NEE Capital debentures are successfully remarketed and effective on and after the reset effective date, 
 the reset rate will equal the coupon rate on the NEE Capital debentures that will enable the NEE Capital debentures to be remarketed at a price equal to 100 of their aggregate principal amount plus the remarketing fee, and 
 the remarketing fee will equal 25 basis points (0.25 of the aggregate principal amount of the NEE Capital debentures being remarketed. 
 NEE Capital will cause each remarketing announcement to be published on or prior to the business day following the remarketing announcement date by making a timely release to any appropriate news agency, including Bloomberg News and the Dow Jones Newswires. In addition, NEE Capital will request, not later than ten business days prior to each remarketing announcement date, that the Depositary notify its participants holding NEE Capital debentures, Corporate Units and Treasury Units of the remarketing. If required, NEE Capital will use its commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that a registration statement with respect to the full principal amount of the NEE Capital debentures to be remarketed is effective such that the remarketing agents may rely on it in connection with the remarketing process. If a successful remarketing occurs on a remarketing date, NEE Capital will request the Depositary to notify its participants holding separate NEE Capital debentures of the reset rate and interest payment dates established for the NEE Capital debentures during the remarketing on the business day following the remarketing date on which the NEE Capital debentures were successfully remarketed. If a successful remarketing does not occur during a three-day remarketing period, NEE Capital will cause a notice of the unsuccessful remarketing attempt to be published on the business day following the last of the three remarketing days comprising the three-day remarketing period (which notice, in the event of an unsuccessful remarketing on the final remarketing date, shall be published not later than 9 00 a.m., New York City time, and shall include the procedures that must be followed if a holder of separate NEE Capital debentures wishes to exercise its right to put such NEE Capital debentures to NEE Capital), in each case, by making a timely release to any appropriate news agency, including Bloomberg News and the Dow Jones Newswires. 
 20 
 DB1 134224079.5 

In connection with a remarketing, holders of NEE Capital debentures that are not a component of the Corporate Units may elect to have their NEE Capital debentures remarketed as described under Description of the NEE Capital Debentures Optional Remarketing. 
 A holder of Corporate Units may elect not to participate in any remarketing and to retain its applicable ownership interests in NEE Capital debentures that are components of the holder s Corporate Units by (1) creating Treasury Units at any time prior to the business day preceding any three-day remarketing period, (2) if there has not been a successful remarketing prior to the final three-day remarketing period, providing written notice to the purchase contract agent of the holder s intention to pay cash to satisfy its obligation under the related purchase contracts on or prior to the seventh business day before the Purchase Contract Settlement Date and delivering the cash payment required under the purchase contracts to the collateral agent on or prior to the sixth business day before the Purchase Contract Settlement Date or (3) settling the related purchase contracts early. 
 Early Settlement by Delivering Cash 
 At any time prior to the seventh business day immediately preceding the Purchase Contract Settlement Date, in the case of Corporate Units (of which the applicable ownership interest in a NEE Capital debenture remains a component), or at any time prior to the second business day immediately preceding the Purchase Contract Settlement Date, in the case of Treasury Units (or Corporate Units of which the applicable ownership interest in a NEE Capital debenture no longer is a component, or which remains a component because a successful remarketing did not occur during the final three-day remarketing period), a holder of Equity Units may settle the related purchase contracts in their entirety provided that at such time, if so required under the U.S. federal securities laws, there is in effect a registration statement covering the shares of common stock to be delivered in respect of the purchase contracts being settled, by presenting and surrendering the related Equity Units certificate at the office of the purchase contract agent with the form of Election to Settle Early Fundamental Change Early Settlement on the reverse side of such certificate completed and executed as indicated, accompanied by payment to NEE in immediately available funds of an amount equal to 
 50 multiplied by the number of purchase contracts being settled, plus 
 if the delivery is made with respect to any purchase contract during the period from the close of business on any record date next preceding any payment date to the opening of business on such payment date, an amount equal to the contract adjustment payments payable, if any, on the payment date with respect to the purchase contract provided that no payment is required if NEE has elected to defer the contract adjustment payments which would otherwise be payable on the payment date. 
 If a purchase contract is settled early other than on a fundamental change early settlement date, and other than as discussed under Option to Defer Contract Adjustment Payments with respect to deferred contract adjustment payments, a holder will have no right to receive any accrued and unpaid contract adjustment payments. 
 If the Treasury portfolio has not replaced the NEE Capital debentures as a component of Corporate Units, holders of Corporate Units will not be permitted to exercise their early settlement right during any period commencing on and including the business day preceding any three-day remarketing period and ending on and including, in the case of a successful remarketing during that three-day remarketing period, the reset effective date or, if none of the remarketings during that three-day remarketing period is successful, the business day following the last remarketing date in the applicable three-day remarketing period. 
 Holders of Corporate Units may settle early only in integral multiples of 20 Corporate Units. If a Treasury portfolio has replaced the NEE Capital debentures as a component of Corporate Units as a result of a successful remarketing of the NEE Capital debentures, a special event redemption or a mandatory redemption, holders of Corporate Units may settle early only in integral multiples of the Minimum Number of Corporate Units (or such other number of Corporate Units as may be determined by the remarketing agents upon a successful remarketing of NEE Capital debentures if the reset effective date is not a regular quarterly interest payment date). Holders of Treasury Units may settle early only in integral multiples of 20 Treasury Units. 
 21 
 DB1 134224079.5 

So long as the Equity Units are evidenced by one or more global security certificates deposited with the Depositary, procedures for early settlement will also be governed by standing arrangements between the Depositary and the purchase contract agent. 
 The early settlement right is also subject to the condition that, if so required under the U.S. federal securities laws, NEE has a registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933 in effect covering the shares of NEE common stock and other securities, if any, deliverable upon settlement of a purchase contract. NEE has agreed that, if so required under the U.S. federal securities laws, NEE will use its commercially reasonable efforts to (1) have a registration statement in effect covering those shares of common stock and other securities to be delivered in respect of the purchase contracts being settled, and (2) provide a prospectus in connection therewith, in each case in a form that may be used in connection with the early settlement. 
 Upon early settlement of the purchase contracts related to any Corporate Units or Treasury Units 
 the holder will receive a number of newly issued shares of NEE common stock equal to the Minimum Settlement Rate per Corporate Unit or Treasury Unit, regardless of the market price of NEE common stock on the date of early settlement, subject to adjustment under the circumstances described under Anti-dilution Adjustments below, accompanied by an appropriate prospectus if required by law 
 the NEE Capital debentures, the applicable ownership interest in the Treasury portfolio or the Treasury securities, as the case may be, related to the Corporate Units or Treasury Units will be transferred to the holder free and clear of NEE s security interest 
 the holder s right to receive future contract adjustment payments will terminate and any accrued and unpaid contract adjustment payments for the period since the most recent quarterly payment date will terminate and 
 no adjustment will be made to or for the holder on account of any accrued and unpaid contract adjustment payments referred to in the previous bullet point. 
 NEE will not issue any fractional shares of its common stock in connection with early settlement of any purchase contracts. In lieu of fractional shares otherwise issuable (calculated on an aggregate basis) in respect of the purchase contracts being early settled on any date by a holder of Corporate Units or Treasury Units, the holder will be entitled to receive an amount of cash equal to the fraction of a share multiplied by the Threshold Appreciation Price (taking into account any adjustments described under Anti-dilution Adjustments. ). 
 If the purchase contract agent receives an Equity Unit certificate, accompanied by the completed and executed Election to Settle Early Fundamental Change Early Settlement and the required immediately available funds, from a holder of Equity Units by 5 00 p.m., New York City time, on a business day, that day will be considered the settlement date for the purchase contracts that form a component of those Equity Units. If the purchase contract agent receives the necessary documentation and funds after 5 00 p.m., New York City time, on a business day or at any time on a day that is not a business day, the next business day will be considered the settlement date for the purchase contracts that form a component of those Equity Units. 
 Upon early settlement of purchase contracts in the manner described above, presentation and surrender of the Equity Unit certificate evidencing the related Corporate Units or Treasury Units and payment of any transfer or similar taxes payable by the holder in connection with the issuance of the related NEE common stock to any person other than the holder of the Corporate Units or Treasury Units, NEE will cause the shares of its common stock being purchased to be issued, and the related NEE Capital debentures, the applicable ownership interest in the Treasury portfolio or the Treasury securities, as the case may be, securing the purchase contracts to be released from the pledge under the pledge agreements described under Pledged Securities and Pledge Agreements and transferred, within three business days following the settlement date, to the purchasing holder or the holder s designee. 
 22 
 DB1 134224079.5 

Early Settlement upon a Fundamental Change 
 Prior to the Purchase Contract Settlement Date, if NEE is involved in a transaction that constitutes a fundamental change (as defined below), then following the fundamental change each holder of an Equity Unit will have the right to accelerate and settle the related purchase contract that is a component of the Equity Unit early at the settlement rate determined as if the applicable market value equaled the stock price (as defined below), plus an additional make-whole amount of shares (such additional make-whole amount of shares being hereafter referred to as the make-whole shares ), provided that at such time, if so required under the U.S. federal securities laws, there is in effect a registration statement covering the common stock and other securities, if any, to be delivered in respect of the purchase contracts being settled. This right is referred to as the fundamental change early settlement right. 
 NEE will provide each holder of an Equity Unit with a notice of the completion of a fundamental change within five business days thereof. The notice will specify a date, which shall be at least ten days after the date of the notice but no later than the earlier of 20 days after the date of such notice or five business days prior to the Purchase Contract Settlement Date, by which each holder s fundamental change early settlement right must be exercised. The notice will set forth, among other things, the applicable settlement rate and the kind and amount of securities, cash or other consideration receivable by the holder upon settlement. To exercise the fundamental change early settlement right, a holder of an Equity Unit must deliver to the purchase contract agent, no later than 4 00 p.m., New York City time, on the third business day before the fundamental change early settlement date, the certificate or certificates evidencing its Corporate Units or Treasury Units, and payment of the applicable purchase price in immediately available funds. 
 A fundamental change will be deemed to have occurred if either of the following occurs 
 (1) a person or group within the meaning of Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 has become the direct or indirect beneficial owner, as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, of NEE common stock representing more than 50 of the voting power of NEE common stock or 
 (2) NEE is involved in a consolidation with or merger into any other person, or any merger of another person into NEE, or any transaction or series of related transactions (other than a merger or consolidation that does not result in any reclassification, conversion, exchange or cancellation of outstanding shares of NEE common stock), in each case in which 10 or more of the total consideration paid to NEE s shareholders consists of cash or cash equivalents. 
 If a holder exercises the fundamental change early settlement right, NEE will deliver to the holder on the fundamental change early settlement date the kind and amount of securities, cash or other consideration that the holder would have been entitled to receive if it had settled the purchase contract immediately before the fundamental change at the settlement rate described above, plus the additional make-whole shares. The holder will also receive the NEE Capital debentures, the applicable ownership interest in the Treasury portfolio or the Treasury securities that are a component of the Corporate Units or Treasury Units, as the case may be. If a holder of an Equity Unit does not elect to exercise its fundamental change early settlement right, its Corporate Units or Treasury Units will remain outstanding and subject to normal settlement on the Purchase Contract Settlement Date. NEE has agreed that, if so required under the U.S. federal securities laws, NEE will use its commercially reasonable efforts to (1) have in effect a registration statement covering the securities, if any, to be delivered in respect of the purchase contracts being settled and (2) provide a prospectus in connection therewith, in each case in a form that may be used in connection with an early settlement upon a fundamental change. In the event that a holder seeks to exercise its fundamental change early settlement right and a registration statement is required to be effective in connection with the exercise of such right but no such registration statement is then effective, the holder s exercise of such right shall be void unless and until such a registration statement shall be effective and NEE will have no further obligation with respect to any such registration statement if, notwithstanding using its commercially reasonable efforts, no registration statement is then effective. 
 If the Treasury portfolio has replaced the NEE Capital debentures as a component of the Corporate Units, holders of Corporate Units may exercise the fundamental change early settlement right only in integral multiples of the Minimum Number of Corporate Units (or such other number of Corporate Units as may be determined by the 
 23 
 DB1 134224079.5 

remarketing agents upon a successful remarketing of the NEE Capital debentures if the reset effective date is not a regular quarterly interest payment date). Otherwise, a holder of Corporate Units or Treasury Units may exercise the fundamental change early settlement right only in integral multiples of 20 Corporate Units or 20 Treasury Units, respectively. 
 Calculation of the Number of Make-Whole Shares . The number of make-whole shares per purchase contract applicable to a fundamental change early settlement will be determined by reference to the applicable Fundamental Change Early Settlement Table (set forth in Annex A), based on the date on which the fundamental change becomes effective (the effective date and the stock price in the fundamental change, which will be 
 in the case of a fundamental change described in clause (2) in the definition of fundamental change above and the holders of NEE common stock receive only cash in such fundamental change, the stock price paid per share will be the cash amount paid per share or 
 otherwise, the stock price paid per share will be the average of the closing prices of NEE common stock over the 20 consecutive trading day period ending on the trading day immediately preceding the effective date of the fundamental change. 
 The stock prices set forth in the first column heading of the Fundamental Change Early Settlement Tables will be adjusted upon the occurrence of certain events requiring anti-dilution adjustments to the fixed settlement rates. Each of the make-whole share amounts in the tables will be subject to adjustment in the same manner as the fixed settlement rates. See Anti-dilution Adjustments. 
 The exact stock price and effective date applicable to a fundamental change may not be set forth on the table, in which case 
 if the stock price is between two stock price amounts on the table or the effective date is between two dates on the table, the amount of make-whole shares will be determined by straight line interpolation between the make-whole share amounts set forth for the higher and lower stock price amounts and the two dates, as applicable, based on a 365-day year 
 if the stock price is in excess of the Fundamental Change Early Settlement Table High Price (as defined in Annex A) per share (subject to adjustment as described above), then the amount of make-whole shares will be zero and 
 if the stock price is less than the Fundamental Change Early Settlement Table Low Price (as defined in Annex A) per share (subject to adjustment as described above) (the minimum stock price ), then the amount of make-whole shares will be determined as if the stock price equaled the minimum stock price, using straight line interpolation, as described above, if the effective date is between two dates on the table. 
 Notice to Settle with Cash 
 A holder of a Corporate Unit (of which the applicable ownership interest in a NEE Capital debenture remains a component) that wishes to settle the related purchase contract with separate cash prior to the final three-day remarketing period must notify the purchase contract agent by presenting and surrendering the certificate evidencing the Corporate Unit at the office of the purchase contract agent with the form of Notice to Settle by Separate Cash on the reverse side of the certificate completed and executed as indicated on or prior to 5 00 p.m., New York City time, on the seventh business day immediately preceding the Purchase Contract Settlement Date and delivering the required cash payment to the collateral agent on or prior to 11 00 a.m., New York City time, on the sixth business day immediately preceding the Purchase Contract Settlement Date. 
 A holder of a Treasury Unit or a Corporate Unit (of which the applicable ownership interest in a NEE Capital debenture is no longer a component or remains a component because a successful remarketing did not occur during the final three-day remarketing period) that wishes to settle the related purchase contract with separate cash 
 24 
 DB1 134224079.5 

must notify the purchase contract agent by presenting and surrendering the certificate representing the Treasury Unit or the certificate evidencing the Corporate Unit, as the case may be, at the office of the purchase contract agent with the form of Notice to Settle by Separate Cash on the reverse side of such certificate completed and executed as indicated on or prior to 5 00 p.m., New York City time, on the second business day immediately preceding the Purchase Contract Settlement Date and delivering the required cash payment to the collateral agent on or prior to 11 00 a.m., New York City time, on the business day immediately preceding the Purchase Contract Settlement Date. 
 Upon cash settlement, the NEE Capital debenture or the applicable ownership interest in a Treasury portfolio, as the case may be, related to the Corporate Units will be transferred to the holder free and clear of NEE s security interest. The holder of the Corporate Units will then receive the applicable number of shares of NEE common stock on the Purchase Contract Settlement Date. 
 Upon cash settlement, the Treasury security related to the Treasury Units will be transferred to the holder free and clear of NEE s security interest. The holder of the Treasury Units will then receive the applicable number of shares of NEE common stock on the Purchase Contract Settlement Date. 
 If a holder of a Corporate Unit that has given notice of its intention to settle the purchase contract with separate cash fails to deliver the cash to the collateral agent by the applicable time and date specified above, the NEE Capital debentures component of such holder s Corporate Units will automatically be remarketed or, if the NEE Capital debentures are not successfully remarketed during the final three-day remarketing period, all holders of NEE Capital debentures (including beneficial owners of NEE Capital debentures that are components of the Corporate Units) will have the right to put their NEE Capital debentures to NEE Capital as described under Remarketing above. 
 If a holder of a Treasury Unit that has given notice of its intention to settle the purchase contract with separate cash fails to deliver the cash to the collateral agent by the applicable time and date specified above, the proceeds of the Treasury security component of such holder s Treasury Unit will be used to satisfy the holder s obligation to purchase NEE common stock under the related purchase contract. 
 Contract Adjustment Payments 
 Contract adjustment payments in respect of Corporate Units and the Treasury Units are fixed at the Contract Adjustment Rate on 50 per purchase contract per year. Contract adjustment payments payable for any period will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months. The amount of contract adjustment payments for any period shorter than a full quarterly period for which contract adjustments payments are computed will be computed on the basis of the number of days in the period using 30-day calendar months. Contract adjustment payments will accrue from the Closing Date (as defined in Annex A) and will be payable quarterly in arrears on March 1, June 1, September 1 and December 1 of each year, commencing the Initial Payment Date (as defined in Annex A). 
 Contract adjustment payments will be payable to the holders of purchase contracts as they appear on the books and records of the purchase contract agent on the relevant record dates, which, as long as all of the Equity Units remain in book-entry only form, will be the close of business on the business day immediately prior to the relevant payment date. These distributions will be paid through the purchase contract agent, who will hold amounts received in respect of the contract adjustment payments for the benefit of the holders of the purchase contracts relating to the Equity Units. Subject to any applicable laws and regulations, each such payment will be made as described under Book-Entry Only System. In the event that all of the Equity Units do not remain in book-entry only form, NEE shall have the right to select relevant record dates, which shall be at least one business day but not more than 60 business days prior to the relevant payment dates, and to make payments by check mailed to the specified address of the holder as of the relevant record date or by wire transfer to an account appropriately designated by the holder entitled to payment. 
 If any date on which contract adjustment payments are to be made is not a business day, then payment of the contract adjustment payments payable on that date will be made on the next succeeding day which is a business day, and no interest or payment will be paid in respect of the delay. However, if such next succeeding business day is in the next succeeding calendar year, that payment will be made on the business day immediately preceding the 
 25 
 DB1 134224079.5 

scheduled payment date, in each case with the same force and effect as if made on that scheduled payment date. A business day means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or any other day on which banking institutions and trust companies in New York City are permitted or required by any applicable law, regulation or executive order to close. 
 NEE s obligations with respect to contract adjustment payments will be subordinate and junior in right of payment to its obligations under any of its senior indebtedness. Upon any payment or distribution of assets of NEE to its creditors upon any dissolution, winding up, liquidation or reorganization, whether voluntary or involuntary, or in bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or other similar proceedings, the holders of NEE s senior indebtedness shall first be entitled to receive payment in full of all amounts due or to become due thereon, or payment of such amounts shall have been provided for, before the holders of Equity Units shall be entitled to receive any contract adjustment payments with respect to any Equity Unit. 
 By reason of this subordination, in those events, holders of NEE s senior indebtedness may receive more, ratably, and holders of the Equity Units may receive less, ratably, than NEE s other creditors. Because NEE is a holding company, contract adjustment payments on the Equity Units are effectively subordinated to all indebtedness and other liabilities, including trade payables, debt and preferred stock issued, guaranteed or otherwise incurred by NEE s subsidiaries. NEE s subsidiaries are separate and distinct legal entities and have no obligation to pay any contract adjustment payments or to make any funds available for such payment. 
 In addition, no payment of contract adjustment payments with respect to any Equity Units may be made if 
 any payment default on any senior indebtedness of NEE has occurred and is continuing beyond any applicable grace period or 
 any default on any indebtedness of NEE (other than a payment default with respect to senior indebtedness) occurs and is continuing that permits the acceleration of the maturity on any indebtedness of NEE and the purchase contract agent receives a written notice of such default from NEE or the holders of such senior indebtedness. 
 Option to Defer Contract Adjustment Payments 
 NEE may, at its option and upon prior written notice to the holders of the Equity Units and the purchase contract agent, defer the payment of contract adjustment payments on the related purchase contracts that are a component of the Equity Units otherwise payable on a payment date to any subsequent payment date (a deferral period until no later than the Purchase Contract Settlement Date provided, however, that in an early settlement upon a fundamental change or any other early settlement of the purchase contracts, NEE will pay deferred contract adjustment payments to but not including the fundamental change settlement date or the most recent quarterly payment date, as applicable. Prior to the expiration of any deferral period, NEE may further extend such deferral period to any subsequent payment date, but not beyond the Purchase Contract Settlement Date (or any applicable early settlement date or fundamental change early settlement date). Any deferred contract adjustment payments will accrue additional contract adjustment payments at the Corporate Unit Aggregate Rate per year until paid, compounded quarterly, which is equal to the rate of total distributions on the Corporate Units. If a purchase contract is settled early other than on a fundamental change early settlement date, and other than as discussed above with respect to deferred contract adjustment payments, a holder will have no right to receive any accrued and unpaid contract adjustment payments. In addition, if the purchase contracts are terminated upon the occurrence of certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization with respect to NEE, the right to receive any accrued and unpaid contract adjustment payments and deferred contract adjustment payments will also terminate. 
 In the event that NEE exercises its right to defer the payment of contract adjustment payments, then, until the deferred contract adjustment payments have been paid, NEE will not declare or pay dividends on, make other distributions with respect to, or redeem, purchase or acquire, or make a liquidation payment with respect to, any of its capital stock or make guarantee payments with respect to the foregoing other than 
 26 
 DB1 134224079.5 

purchases, redemptions or other acquisitions of NEE capital stock in connection with any employment contract, benefit plan or other similar arrangement with or for the benefit of any one or more employees, officers, directors, consultants or agents or a stock purchase or dividend reinvestment plan, or the satisfaction of its obligations pursuant to any contract or security, outstanding on the date that the payment of contract adjustment payments is deferred requiring NEE to purchase, redeem or acquire its capital stock 
 as a result of a reclassification of NEE s capital stock or the exchange or conversion of all or a portion of one class or series of its capital stock, or the capital stock of one of its subsidiaries, for another class or series of its capital stock 
 any exchange, redemption or conversion of any class or series of its indebtedness, or the indebtedness of one of its subsidiaries (with respect to the 6.926 Corporate Units), for any class or series of its capital stock 
 the purchase of fractional interests in shares of NEE capital stock pursuant to the conversion or exchange provisions of the capital stock or securities of the Company or one of its subsidiaries being converted or exchanged, or in connection with the settlement of stock purchase contracts 
 dividends or other distributions paid or made in NEE capital stock (or rights to acquire NEE capital stock), or repurchases, redemptions or acquisitions of capital stock in connection with the issuance or exchange of capital stock (or of securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares of NEE capital stock) and distributions in connection with the settlement of stock purchase contracts or 
 redemptions, exchanges or repurchases of, or with respect to, any rights outstanding under a shareholder rights plan or the declaration or payment thereunder of a dividend or other distribution of or with respect to rights in the future. 
 NEE s subsidiaries will not be restricted from making any similar payments on their capital stock if NEE exercises its right to defer payment of any contract adjustment payments. 
 Anti-dilution Adjustments 
 In order to maintain a holder s relative investment in NEE common stock upon the occurrence of certain events, each fixed settlement rate will be subject to the following adjustments 
 (1) Stock Dividends . If NEE pays or makes a dividend or other distribution on NEE common stock in such common stock, each fixed settlement rate in effect at the opening of business on the day following the date fixed for the determination of shareholders entitled to receive such dividend or other distribution shall be increased by dividing 
 such fixed settlement rate by 
 a fraction, the numerator of which shall be the number of shares of NEE common stock outstanding at the close of business on the date fixed for such determination and the denominator of which shall be the sum of such number of shares and the total number of shares constituting such dividend or other distribution. 
 (2) Stock Purchase Rights . If NEE issues to all holders of NEE common stock, rights, options, warrants or other securities (that are not available on an equivalent basis to holders of the Equity Units upon settlement of the purchase contracts), entitling them to subscribe for or purchase shares of NEE common stock for a period expiring within 45 days from the date of issuance of such rights, options, warrants or other securities at a price per share of NEE common stock less than the current market price (as defined below) on the date fixed for the determination of shareholders entitled to receive such rights, options, warrants or other securities (other than 
 27 
 DB1 134224079.5 

pursuant to a dividend reinvestment, stock purchase or similar plan), each fixed settlement rate in effect at the opening of business on the day following the date fixed for such determination shall be increased by dividing 
 such fixed settlement rate by 
 a fraction, the numerator of which shall be the number of shares of NEE common stock outstanding at the close of business on the date fixed for such determination plus the number of shares of NEE common stock which the aggregate consideration expected to be received by NEE upon the exercise, conversion or exchange of such rights, options, warrants or other securities would purchase at such current market price and the denominator of which shall be the number of shares of NEE common stock outstanding at the close of business on the date fixed for such determination plus the number of shares of NEE common stock so offered for subscription or purchase, either directly or indirectly. 
 (3) Stock Splits, Reverse Splits and Combinations . If outstanding shares of NEE common stock shall be subdivided, split or reclassified into a greater number of shares of NEE common stock, each fixed settlement rate in effect at the opening of business on the day following the day upon which such subdivision, split or reclassification becomes effective shall be proportionately increased, and, conversely, in case outstanding shares of NEE common stock shall each be combined or reclassified into a smaller number of shares of NEE common stock, each fixed settlement rate in effect at the opening of business on the day following the day upon which such combination or reclassification becomes effective shall be proportionately reduced. 
 (4) Debt or Asset Distributions . If NEE, by dividend or otherwise, distributes to all holders of NEE common stock evidences of its indebtedness or assets (including securities but excluding any rights, options, warrants or other securities referred to in paragraph (2) above, any dividend or other distribution paid exclusively in cash referred to in paragraph (5) below (including the Reference Dividend (as defined in Annex A), as described therein) and any dividend or other distribution of shares of capital stock of any class or series, or similar equity interests, of or relating to a subsidiary or other business unit in the case of a spin-off referred to below, or dividend or other distribution referred to in paragraph (1) above), each fixed settlement rate in effect immediately prior to the close of business on the date fixed for the determination of shareholders entitled to receive such distribution shall be increased by dividing 
 such fixed settlement rate by 
 a fraction, the numerator of which shall be the current market price on the date fixed for such determination less the then fair market value (as determined in good faith by NEE s board of directors, whose good faith determination will be conclusive) of the portion of the assets or evidences of indebtedness so distributed applicable to one share of NEE common stock and the denominator of which shall be such current market price. 
 In the case of the payment of a dividend or other distribution on NEE common stock of shares of capital stock of any class or series, or similar equity interests, of or relating to a subsidiary or other business unit of NEE, which is referred to as a spin-off, the fixed settlement rates in effect immediately before the close of business on the record date fixed for determination of shareholders entitled to receive that distribution will be increased by dividing 
 such fixed settlement rate by 
 a fraction, the numerator of which shall be the current market price of NEE common stock and the denominator of which shall be such current market price plus the fair market value (as determined in good faith by NEE s board of directors, whose good faith determination will be conclusive) of those shares of capital stock or similar equity interests so distributed applicable to one share of common stock. 
 The adjustment to the fixed settlement rates under the preceding paragraph will occur on the date that is the earlier of 
 28 
 DB1 134224079.5 

the tenth trading day from and including the effective date of the spin-off and 
 in the case of any spin-off that is effected simultaneously with an initial public offering of the securities being distributed in the spin-off, the date on which the initial public offering price of the securities being offered in such initial public offering is determined. 
 For purposes of this section, initial public offering means the first time securities of the same class or type as the securities being distributed in the spin-off are offered to the public for cash. 
 In the event of a spin-off that is not effected simultaneously with an initial public offering of the securities being distributed in the spin-off, the fair market value of the securities to be distributed to holders of NEE common stock means the average of the closing sale prices of those securities over the first ten trading days following the effective date of the spin-off. Also, for purposes of such a spin-off, the current market price of NEE common stock means the average of the closing sale prices of NEE common stock over the first ten trading days following the effective date of the spin-off. 
 If, however, an initial public offering of the securities being distributed in the spin-off is to be effected simultaneously with the spin-off, the fair market value of the securities being distributed in the spin-off means the initial public offering price, while the current market price of NEE common stock means the closing sale price of NEE common stock on the trading day on which the initial public offering price of the securities being distributed in the spin-off is determined. 
 (5) Cash Distributions . If NEE, by dividend or otherwise, makes distributions to all holders of NEE common stock exclusively in cash during any fiscal quarter (excluding any cash that is distributed in a reorganization event to which the provisions described below under Reorganization Events apply or as part of a distribution referred to in paragraph (4) above) in an amount that exceeds the Reference Dividend per share of NEE common stock, immediately after the close of business on the date fixed for determination of the shareholders entitled to receive such distribution, each fixed settlement rate shall be increased by dividing 
 each fixed settlement rate by 
 a fraction, the numerator of which shall be equal to the current market price on the date fixed for such determination less the per share amount of the distribution and the denominator of which shall be equal to such current market price minus the Reference Dividend. 
 The Reference Dividend is subject to adjustment (without duplication) from time to time whenever the fixed settlement rates are adjusted, in a manner inversely proportional to any such adjustment, provided that no adjustment will be made to the Reference Dividend for any adjustment made to the fixed settlement rates pursuant to this paragraph (5). In the event that such dividend or other distribution is not so paid or made, each fixed settlement rate shall again be adjusted to be the fixed settlement rates which would then be in effect if such dividend or other distribution had not been declared. 
 (6) Tender and Exchange Offers . In case a tender offer or exchange offer made by NEE or any subsidiary for all or any portion of NEE common stock shall expire and such tender offer or exchange offer (as amended through the expiration thereof) shall require the payment to shareholders (based on the acceptance (up to any maximum specified in the terms of the tender offer or exchange offer) of reacquired shares (as defined below)) of an aggregate consideration having a fair market value per share (as determined in good faith by NEE s board of directors, whose good faith determination will be conclusive) of NEE common stock that exceeds the closing price of NEE common stock on the trading day next succeeding the last date on which tenders or exchanges may be made pursuant to such tender offer or exchange offer, then, immediately prior to the opening of business on the trading day after the date of the last time (which is referred to as the expiration time tenders or exchanges could have been made pursuant to such tender offer or exchange offer (as amended through the expiration thereof), each fixed settlement rate shall be increased by dividing 
 29 
 DB1 134224079.5 

each fixed settlement rate immediately prior to the close of business on the date of the expiration time by 
 a fraction (A) the numerator of which shall be equal to (i) the product of (x) the current market price of NEE common stock on the date of the expiration time and (y) the number of shares of common stock outstanding (including any tendered or exchanged shares) on the date of the expiration time less (ii) the amount of cash plus the fair market value (as determined in good faith by NEE s board of directors, whose good faith determination will be conclusive) of the aggregate consideration if any, other than cash, payable to shareholders pursuant to the tender offer or exchange offer (assuming the acceptance, up to any maximum specified in the terms of the tender offer or exchange offer, of reacquired shares), and (B) the denominator of which shall be equal to the product of (i) the current market price on the date of the expiration time and (ii) the result of (x) the number of shares of NEE common stock outstanding (including any tendered or exchanged shares) on the date of the expiration time less (y) the number of all shares validly tendered pursuant to the tender offer or exchange offer, not withdrawn and accepted on the date of the expiration time (such validly tendered or exchanged shares, up to any such maximum, being referred to as the reacquired shares ). 
 The current market price per share of NEE common stock or any other security on any day means the average of the daily closing prices for the 20 consecutive trading days preceding the earlier of the day immediately preceding the day in question and the day before the ex date with respect to the issuance or distribution requiring such computation. For purposes of this paragraph, the term ex date, when used with respect to any issuance or distribution, means the first date on which NEE common stock or such other security, as applicable, trades, regular way, on the principal U.S. securities exchange or quotation system on which NEE common stock or such other security, as applicable, is listed or quoted at that time, without the right to receive the issuance or distribution. 
 Reorganization Events. The following events are defined as reorganization events 
 any consolidation or merger of NEE with or into another person or of another person with or into NEE, except in cases where NEE is the continuing entity and NEE common stock outstanding immediately prior to the consolidation or merger is not exchanged for cash, securities or other property of NEE or another person 
 any sale, transfer, lease or conveyance to another person of the property of NEE as an entirety or substantially as an entirety 
 any statutory share exchange business combination of NEE with another person (other than a statutory share exchange business combination in which NEE is the continuing entity and in which NEE common stock outstanding immediately prior to the statutory share exchange business combination is not exchanged for cash, securities or other property of NEE or another person) or 
 any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of NEE (other than as a result of, or after the occurrence of, bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization of NEE). 
 Upon a reorganization event, each Equity Unit shall thereafter, in lieu of a variable number of shares of NEE common stock, be settled by delivery of exchange property units. An exchange property unit represents the right to receive the kind and amount of securities, cash and other property receivable in such reorganization event (without any interest thereon, and without any right to dividends or other distributions thereon which have a record date that is prior to the applicable settlement date) per share of NEE common stock by a holder of common stock that is not a person with which NEE is consolidated or into which NEE is merged or which merged into NEE or to which such sale or transfer was made, as the case may be (any such person is referred to as a constituent person ), or an affiliate of a constituent person, to the extent such reorganization event provides for different treatment of common stock held by NEE s affiliates and non-affiliates. In the event that holders of NEE common stock have the opportunity to elect the form of consideration to be received in such transaction, the exchange property unit that holders of the Corporate Units or Treasury Units would have been entitled to receive will be deemed to be the weighted average of the types and amounts of consideration received by the holders of NEE common stock that affirmatively make an election. 
 30 
 DB1 134224079.5 

In the event of such a reorganization event, the person formed by such consolidation or merger or the person which acquires NEE s assets shall execute and deliver to the purchase contract agent an agreement providing that the holder of each Equity Unit that remains outstanding after the reorganization event (if any) shall have the rights described in the preceding paragraph. Such supplemental agreement shall provide for adjustments to the amount of any securities constituting all or a portion of an exchange property unit which, for events subsequent to the effective date of such reorganization event, shall be as nearly equivalent as may be practicable to the adjustments provided for in this Anti-dilution Adjustments section. The provisions described in the preceding two paragraphs shall similarly apply to successive reorganization events. 
 Holders have the right to settle their obligations under the Equity Units early in the event of certain fundamental changes as described above under Early Settlement upon a Fundamental Change. 
 A holder of Equity Units may be treated as receiving a constructive distribution from NEE with respect to the purchase contract if (1) the fixed settlement rates are adjusted (or fail to be adjusted) and, as a result of the adjustment (or failure to adjust), the holder s proportionate interest in NEE s assets or earnings and profits is increased, and (2) the adjustment (or failure to adjust) is not made pursuant to a bona fide, reasonable anti-dilution formula. Thus, under certain circumstances, an increase in (or a failure to decrease) the fixed settlement rates might give rise to a taxable dividend to a holder of Equity Units even though such holder will not receive any cash in connection with the increase in (or failure to decrease) such fixed settlement rate. In addition, non-U.S. holders of Equity Units may, in certain circumstances, be deemed to have received a distribution subject to U.S. federal withholding tax. See United States Federal Income Tax Discussion U.S. Holders Purchase Contracts Adjustment to Settlement Rate and Non-U.S. Holders Dividends. 
 In addition, NEE may, but shall not be required to, increase a fixed settlement rate if its board of directors considers it to be advisable to avoid or diminish any income tax to any holders of shares of its common stock resulting from any dividend or distribution of stock or issuance of rights or warrants to purchase or subscribe for stock or from any event treated as such for income tax purposes or for any other reason. 
 NEE currently does not have a shareholder rights plan with respect to NEE common stock. If NEE later adopts any shareholder rights plan involving the issuance of preferred share purchase rights or other similar rights (the rights to all holders of its common stock, a holder of Equity Units shall be entitled to receive upon settlement of any purchase contract, in addition to the shares of common stock issuable upon settlement of such purchase contract, the related rights for the common stock, unless such rights under the future shareholder rights plan have separated from the common stock prior to the time of settlement of such purchase contract, in which case each fixed settlement rate shall be adjusted as discussed under (4) Debt or Asset Distributions above on the date such rights separate from the common stock. 
 Adjustments to a fixed settlement rate will be calculated to the nearest 1 10,000th of a share. No adjustment to a fixed settlement rate will be required unless the adjustment would require an increase or decrease of at least one percent in such fixed settlement rate provided, however, that if any adjustment is not required to be made because it would not change the fixed settlement rate by at least one percent, then the adjustment will be carried forward and taken into account in any subsequent adjustment and provided further that any such adjustment of less than one percent that has not been made shall be made (x) upon the end of NEE s fiscal year and (y) upon the applicable settlement date for a purchase contract. 
 No adjustment to a fixed settlement rate need be made if holders may participate in the transaction that would otherwise give rise to an adjustment, so long as the distributed assets or securities the holders would receive upon settlement of the purchase contracts, if convertible, exchangeable, or exercisable, are convertible, exchangeable or exercisable, as applicable, without any loss of rights or privileges for a period of at least 45 days following settlement of the purchase contracts. 
 The fixed settlement rates will not be adjusted 
 upon the issuance of any shares of NEE common stock pursuant to any present or future plan providing for the direct investment in NEE common stock or the reinvestment of dividends or interest payable on 
 31 
 DB1 134224079.5 

NEE s securities or investment of additional optional amounts in shares of NEE common stock under any plan 
 upon the issuance of any shares of NEE common stock or options or rights to purchase those shares pursuant to any present or future employee, director or consultant compensation or other benefit plan or program of or assumed by NEE or any of its subsidiaries 
 upon the issuance of any shares of NEE common stock pursuant to any option, warrant, right or any exercisable, exchangeable or convertible security outstanding as of the date the Equity Units were first issued 
 for a change in the par value or no par value of the common stock 
 for accumulated and unpaid dividends, other than as discussed under this Anti-dilution Adjustments section or 
 upon the issuance of shares of NEE common stock or securities convertible into, or exercisable or exchangeable for, NEE common stock, in public or private transactions, for consideration in cash or property, at any price NEE deems appropriate. 
 NEE will be required, within ten business days following the adjustment of any fixed settlement rate, to provide written notice to the purchase contract agent of the occurrence of the adjustment and a statement in reasonable detail setting forth the method by which the adjustment to such fixed settlement rate was determined and setting forth the revised fixed settlement rates. 
 If an adjustment is made to a fixed settlement rate, an adjustment will also be made to the applicable market value solely to determine which of the clauses of the definition of settlement rate will be applicable on the Purchase Contract Settlement Date or any fundamental change early settlement date. 
 Termination of Purchase Contracts 
 The purchase contracts, and NEE s rights and obligations and the rights and obligations of the holders of Equity Units under the purchase contracts, including the right and obligation to purchase NEE common stock and the right to receive accumulated contract adjustment payments or deferred contract adjustment payments, will immediately and automatically terminate upon the occurrence of certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization with respect to NEE. 
 Upon any termination, the collateral agent will release the NEE Capital debentures underlying applicable ownership interests in NEE Capital debentures, the Treasury portfolio or the Treasury securities, as the case may be, held by it from the related pledge agreement to the purchase contract agent for distribution to the holders of Corporate Units and the Treasury Units. If a holder would otherwise have been entitled to receive less than 1,000 principal amount at maturity of any Treasury security upon termination of the purchase contract, the purchase contract agent will dispose of the security for cash and pay the cash to the holder. Upon any termination, however, the release and distribution may be subject to a delay. In the event that NEE becomes the subject of a proceeding under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, the delay may occur as a result of the imposition of the automatic stay under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code and continue until the automatic stay has been lifted. NEE expects any such delay to be limited. Moreover, claims relating to the NEE Capital debentures will be subject to the equitable jurisdiction and powers of the bankruptcy court. For example, although NEE does not believe such an argument would prevail, a party in interest in a bankruptcy proceeding might successfully argue that the holders of Corporate Units or Treasury Units should be treated as equity holders, rather than creditors or owners of collateral, in the bankruptcy proceeding. 
 Pledged Securities and Pledge Agreements 
 The applicable ownership interests in the NEE Capital debentures, or, following a successful remarketing during the period for early remarketing, a special event redemption or a mandatory redemption, the applicable 
 32 
 DB1 134224079.5 

ownership interests in the Treasury portfolio, that are a component of the Corporate Units or, if substituted, the applicable ownership interest in the Treasury securities that are a component of the Treasury Units, collectively referred to as the pledged securities, will be pledged to NEE through the collateral agent, for the benefit of NEE, pursuant to a pledge agreement to secure the obligations of holders of Equity Units to purchase NEE common stock under the related purchase contracts. The rights of holders of Equity Units to the related pledged securities will be subject to NEE s security interest created by such pledge agreement. 
 No holder of Corporate Units or Treasury Units will be permitted to withdraw the pledged securities related to such Corporate Units or Treasury Units from the related pledge arrangement except 
 in the case of Corporate Units, to substitute Treasury securities for the related NEE Capital debentures or the applicable ownership interest in the Treasury portfolio, as the case may be, as provided for under Description of the Equity Units Creating Treasury Units by Substituting a Treasury Security for a NEE Capital Debenture 
 in the case of Treasury Units, to substitute NEE Capital debentures or the applicable ownership interest in the Treasury portfolio, as the case may be, for the related Treasury securities, as provided for under Description of the Equity Units Recreating Corporate Units or 
 upon the termination, early settlement or cash settlement of the related purchase contracts. 
 Subject to the security interest and the terms of the respective purchase contract agreements and the pledge agreements, each holder of Corporate Units, unless the Treasury portfolio has replaced the NEE Capital debentures as a component of the Corporate Units, will be entitled through the purchase contract agent and the collateral agent to all of the proportional rights and preferences of the related NEE Capital debentures that are components of the Corporate Units, including distribution, voting, redemption, repayment and liquidation rights. Each holder of Treasury Units and each holder of the Corporate Units, if the Treasury portfolio has replaced the NEE Capital debentures as a component of the Corporate Units, will retain beneficial ownership of the related Treasury securities or the applicable ownership interest in the Treasury portfolio, as applicable, pledged in respect of the related purchase contracts. NEE will have no interest in the pledged securities other than its security interest. 
 Except as described under Description of the Equity Units Payments on Corporate Units and Treasury Units, the collateral agent will, upon receipt of payments, if any, on the pledged securities, distribute the payments to the purchase contract agent, which will in turn distribute those payments to the persons in whose names the related Corporate Units or Treasury Units are registered at the close of business on the record date immediately preceding the date of payment. 
 Book-Entry Only System 
 The Depositary acts as securities depositary for the Equity Units. The Equity Units were issued only as fully-registered securities registered in the name of Cede & Co., the Depositary s nominee. Fully-registered global security certificates, representing the total aggregate number of Equity Units, were issued and were deposited with the purchase contract agent, as custodian for the Depositary, and bear a legend regarding the restrictions on exchanges and registration of transfer referred to below. 
 In the event that the Depositary notifies NEE that it is unwilling or unable to continue as a depositary for the global security certificates and no successor depositary has been appointed within 90 days after this notice occurred and is continuing, certificates for the Equity Units will be printed and delivered in exchange for beneficial interests in the global security certificates. NEE may also decide to discontinue use of the system of book-entry transfers through the Depositary (or successor depositary). In that event, Equity Units certificates will be printed and delivered. 
 As long as the Depositary or its nominee is the registered owner of the global security certificates, the Depositary or the nominee, as the case may be, will be considered the sole owner and holder of the global security certificates and all Equity Units represented by these certificates for all purposes under the Equity Units and the 
 33 
 DB1 134224079.5 

purchase contract agreements. Except in the limited circumstances referred to above, owners of beneficial interests in global security certificates will not be entitled to have such global security certificates or the Equity Units represented by the global security certificates registered in their names, will not receive or be entitled to receive physical delivery of Equity Unit certificates in exchange for beneficial interests in global security certificates and will not be considered to be owners or holders of global security certificates or any Equity Units represented by these certificates for any purpose under the Equity Units or the purchase contract agreements. 
 All payments on the Equity Units represented by the global security certificates and all transfers and deliveries of related NEE Capital debentures, Treasury securities, NEE common stock and the Treasury portfolio will be made to the Depositary or its nominee, as the case may be, as the holder of the securities. 
 Ownership of beneficial interests in the global security certificates is limited to participants or persons that may hold beneficial interests through institutions that have accounts with the Depositary or its nominee. Ownership of beneficial interests in global security certificates will be shown only on, and the transfer of those ownership interests will be effected only through, records maintained by the Depositary or its nominee, with respect to participants interests, or any participant, with respect to interests of persons held by the participant on their behalf. Procedures for settlement of purchase contracts on the Purchase Contract Settlement Date or upon early settlement will be governed by arrangements among the Depositary, participants and persons that may hold beneficial interests through participants designed to permit settlement without the physical movement of certificates. Payments, transfers, deliveries, exchanges and other matters relating to beneficial interests in global security certificates may be subject to various policies and procedures adopted by the Depositary from time to time. Neither NEE, NEE Capital nor any of their agents, nor the purchase contract agent nor any of its agents will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the Depositary s or any participant s records relating to, or for payments made on account of, beneficial interests in global security certificates, or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any of the Depositary s records or any participant s records relating to these beneficial ownership interests. 
 Purchases of global securities under the DTC system must be made by or through direct participants, which will receive a credit for the global securities on DTC s records. The ownership interest of each actual purchaser of each security Beneficial Owner is in turn to be recorded on the direct and indirect participants records. Beneficial Owners will not receive written confirmation from DTC of their purchase, but Beneficial Owners are expected to receive written confirmations providing details of the transaction, as well as periodic statements of their holdings, from the direct participant or indirect participant through which the Beneficial Owner entered into the transaction. 
 The information in this section concerning the Depositary and the Depositary s book-entry system has been obtained from sources that NEE and NEE Capital believe to be reliable, but neither NEE nor NEE Capital take any responsibility for the accuracy of this information. 
 CERTAIN OTHER PROVISIONS OF THE PURCHASE CONTRACT AGREEMENTS AND THE PLEDGE AGREEMENTS 
 This section briefly summarizes some of the material provisions of the purchase contract agreements and the pledge agreements that are not described elsewhere in Part II. Corporate Units Description of Equity Units. This summary does not contain a complete description of each purchase contract agreement and each pledge agreement. You should read this summary together with the purchase contract agreements and the pledge agreements for a complete understanding of all the provisions and for the definitions of some terms used in this summary. The purchase contract agreements and pledge agreements have been previously filed with the SEC and are exhibits to the Form 10-K. In addition, each purchase contract agreement is qualified as an indenture under the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 and is therefore subject to the provisions of the Trust Indenture Act of 1939. You should read the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 for a complete understanding of its provisions. 
 General 
 Except as described under Description of the Purchase Contracts Book-Entry Only System, distributions on the Equity Units will be payable, purchase contracts will be settled (and documents related to the Equity Units and purchase contracts will be delivered), and transfers of the Equity Units will be registrable, at the 
 34 
 DB1 134224079.5 

office of the purchase contract agent in New York City. In addition, if all of the Equity Units do not remain in book-entry only form, payment of distributions on the Equity Units may be made, at NEE s option, by check mailed to the address of the holder entitled to payment or by wire transfer to an account appropriately designated by the holder entitled to payment. 
 Shares of NEE common stock will be delivered on the Purchase Contract Settlement Date (or earlier upon early settlement), or, if the purchase contracts have terminated, the related pledged securities will be delivered (potentially after a delay as a result of the imposition of the automatic stay under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code (see Description of the Purchase Contracts Termination of Purchase Contracts )), at the office of the purchase contract agent upon presentation and surrender of the related Equity Unit certificate. 
 If a holder of outstanding Corporate Units or Treasury Units fails to present and surrender the certificate evidencing the Corporate Units or Treasury Units to the purchase contract agent on or before the Purchase Contract Settlement Date (or earlier upon early settlement), the shares of NEE common stock issuable in settlement of the related purchase contract will be registered in the name of the purchase contract agent. The shares, together with any distributions thereon, will be held by the purchase contract agent as agent for the benefit of the holder until the applicable certificate is presented and surrendered or the holder provides satisfactory evidence that the certificate has been destroyed, mutilated, lost or stolen, together with any indemnity that may be required by the purchase contract agent and NEE. 
 If the purchase contracts have terminated prior to the Purchase Contract Settlement Date, the related pledged securities have been transferred to the purchase contract agent for distribution to the holders, and a holder fails to present and surrender the Equity Unit certificate evidencing the holder s Corporate Units or Treasury Units to the purchase contract agent, the related pledged securities delivered to the purchase contract agent and payments on the pledged securities will be held by the purchase contract agent as agent for the benefit of the holder until the applicable certificate is presented and surrendered or the holder provides the evidence and the indemnity described above. 
 The purchase contract agent will have no obligation to invest or to pay interest on any amounts held by the purchase contract agent pending distribution to any holder. 
 No service charge will be made for any registration of transfer or exchange of the Equity Units, except for any tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in connection therewith. 
 Modification 
 Each purchase contract agreement and pledge agreement contains provisions permitting NEE and the purchase contract agent, and in the case of the pledge agreements, the collateral agent, to modify the terms of the purchase contracts, such purchase contract agreement or the pledge agreement without the consent of the holders for any of the following purposes 
 to evidence the succession of another person to NEE s obligations 
 to add to the covenants for the benefit of holders or to surrender any right or power of NEE under those agreements 
 to evidence and provide for the acceptance of appointment of a successor purchase contract agent or a successor collateral agent, custodial agent or securities intermediary 
 to cure any ambiguity, to correct or supplement any provisions that may be inconsistent with any other provision or to make such other provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under the purchase contract agreement and the pledge agreement, respectively, that do not adversely affect the interests of any holders in any material respect, provided that any amendment made solely to conform the provisions of such purchase contract agreement and the pledge agreement, respectively, to the description of the Equity Units contained in the applicable prospectus supplement relating to the Equity 
 35 
 DB1 134224079.5 

Units, the purchase contracts and the other components of the Equity Units will not be deemed to adversely affect the interests of the holders or 
 in the case of the purchase contract agreement only, to make provision with respect to the rights of holders pursuant to adjustments due to consolidations, mergers or other reorganization events. 
 Each purchase contract agreement and pledge agreement contains provisions permitting NEE and the purchase contract agent, and in the case of the pledge agreements, the collateral agent, with the consent of the holders of not less than a majority of the purchase contracts at the time outstanding, to modify the terms of such purchase contract, purchase contract agreement and pledge agreement. However, no such modification may, without the consent of the holder of each outstanding purchase contract affected by the modification 
 change any payment date 
 change the amount or type of pledged securities related to the purchase contract 
 impair the right of the holder of any Equity Unit to receive distributions on the pledged securities or otherwise adversely affect the holder s rights in or to the pledged securities 
 reduce any contract adjustment payments or any deferred contract adjustment payments, or change the place or currency of payment 
 impair the right to institute suit for the enforcement of the purchase contract, any contract adjustment payments or any deferred contract adjustment payments 
 except as required pursuant to any anti-dilution adjustment, reduce the number of shares of NEE common stock or the amount of any other property purchasable under a purchase contract, increase the price to purchase NEE common stock or any other property upon settlement of any purchase contract, change the Purchase Contract Settlement Date or the right to early settlement or fundamental change early settlement or otherwise adversely affect the holder s rights under a purchase contract in any material respect or 
 reduce the percentage of outstanding purchase contracts the consent of the holders of which is required for the modification or amendment of the provisions of the purchase contracts, the purchase contract agreements or the pledge agreements. 
 If any amendment or proposal referred to above would adversely affect only the Corporate Units or the Treasury Units, then only the affected class of holders will be entitled to vote on the amendment or proposal and the amendment or proposal will not be effective except with the consent of the holders of not less than a majority of the affected class or, if referred to in the seven preceding bullet points, all of the holders of the affected class. 
 No Consent to Assumption 
 Each holder of Corporate Units or Treasury Units, by acceptance of those securities, will under the terms of the purchase contract agreements and the Corporate Units or Treasury Units, as applicable, be deemed expressly to have withheld any consent to the assumption (i.e., affirmance) of the related purchase contracts by NEE or its trustee if NEE becomes the subject of a case under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code. 
 Consolidation, Merger, Sale or Conveyance 
 NEE covenanted in the purchase contract agreements that it will not merge or consolidate with or into any other entity or sell, assign, transfer, lease or convey all or substantially all of its properties and assets to any person or entity, unless 
 36 
 DB1 134224079.5 

NEE is the continuing entity, or the successor entity is an entity organized and existing under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia and expressly assumes NEE s obligations under the purchase contracts, the purchase contract agreements, the pledge agreements, the guarantee agreement and each remarketing agreement and 
 NEE or the successor entity is not, immediately after the merger, consolidation, sale, assignment, transfer, lease or conveyance, in default of its payment obligations under the purchase contracts, the purchase contract agreements, the pledge agreements, the guarantee agreement or each remarketing agreement or in material default in the performance of any of its other obligations under these agreements. 
 Title 
 NEE, NEE Capital, the purchase contract agent, the collateral agent and any agent of NEE, NEE Capital, the purchase contract agent or the collateral agent may treat the registered owner of an Equity Unit as the absolute owner of that Equity Unit for the purpose of making payments and settling the related purchase contracts and for all other purposes regardless of any notice to the contrary. 
 Replacement of Equity Unit Certificates 
 In the event that physical certificates have been issued, any mutilated Equity Unit certificate will be replaced by NEE at the expense of the holder upon surrender of the certificate to the purchase contract agent. Equity Units certificates that have been destroyed, lost or stolen will be replaced by NEE at the expense of the holder upon delivery to NEE and the purchase contract agent of evidence of the destruction, loss or theft satisfactory to NEE and the purchase contract agent. In the case of a destroyed, lost or stolen Equity Unit certificate, an indemnity satisfactory to NEE and the purchase contract agent may be required at the expense of the holder of the Equity Units evidenced by the certificate before a replacement will be issued. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, NEE will not be obligated to issue any certificates for Corporate Units or Treasury Units on or after 
 the business day immediately preceding the earliest of 
 any early settlement date, 
 any fundamental change early settlement date, or 
 the Purchase Contract Settlement Date or 
 the date on which the purchase contracts have terminated. 
 Each purchase contract agreement provides that, in lieu of the delivery of a replacement Equity Unit certificate following the Purchase Contract Settlement Date, the purchase contract agent, upon delivery of the evidence and indemnity described above, will deliver NEE common stock issuable pursuant to the purchase contracts included in Corporate Units or Treasury Units evidenced by the certificate, or, if the purchase contracts have terminated prior to the Purchase Contract Settlement Date, transfer the pledged securities included in Corporate Units or Treasury Units evidenced by the certificate. 
 Defaults under the Purchase Contract Agreements 
 Within 90 days after the occurrence of any default by NEE in any of its obligations under a purchase contract agreement of which the purchase contract agent has received written notice at the corporate trust office of the purchase contract agent, the purchase contract agent will give notice of such default to the holders of the related Equity Units unless such default has been cured or waived. Except for a default in any payment obligation under a 
 37 
 DB1 134224079.5 

purchase contract agreement, the purchase contract agent will be protected in withholding such notice if and so long as a responsible officer of the purchase contract agent in good faith determines that the withholding of such notice is in the interests of the holders of Equity Units. 
 The purchase contract agent is not required to enforce any of the provisions of a purchase contract agreement against NEE. Each holder of Equity Units shall have the right to institute suit for the enforcement of any payment of contract adjustment payments then due and payable and the right to purchase NEE common stock as provided in such holder s purchase contracts and generally exercise any other rights and remedies provided by law. 
 The holders of a majority of the outstanding purchase contracts under the related purchase contract agreement voting as one class may waive any past default by NEE and its consequences, except a default (1) in any payment on any Equity Unit or (2) in respect of a provision of such purchase contract agreement which cannot be modified or amended without the consent of the holder of each outstanding Equity Unit affected. 
 The Trust Indenture Act of 1939 requires NEE to provide annually to the purchase contract agent a certificate of one of its principal officers as to NEE s compliance with all conditions and covenants in a purchase contract agreement. 
 Governing Law 
 The purchase contract agreements, the pledge agreements and the purchase contracts are governed by, and will be interpreted in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York without regard to New York s conflict of laws principles, except to the extent that the laws of any other jurisdiction are mandatorily applicable. 
 Information Concerning the Purchase Contract Agent 
 The Bank of New York Mellon is the purchase contract agent. The purchase contract agent acts as the agent for the holders of Corporate Units and the Treasury Units from time to time. The purchase contract agreements do not obligate the purchase contract agent to exercise any discretionary actions in connection with a default under the terms of the Corporate Units and the Treasury Units or a purchase contract agreement. 
 The purchase contract agreements contain provisions limiting the liability of the purchase contract agent. The purchase contract agreements contain provisions under which the purchase contract agent may resign or be replaced. This resignation or replacement would be effective upon the appointment of a successor. 
 The Bank of New York Mellon also acts, and may act, as trustee under various indentures, trusts and guarantees of NEE and its affiliates, including as indenture trustee, security registrar and paying agent under the indenture and as guarantee trustee under the guarantee agreement. NEE and its affiliates maintain various banking and trust relationships with The Bank of New York Mellon. 
 Information Concerning the Collateral Agent 
 Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas is the collateral agent. The collateral agent will act solely as NEE s agent and will not assume any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or with any of the holders of Corporate Units and Treasury Units except for the obligations owed by a pledgee of property to the owner of the property under the pledge agreement and applicable law. 
 The pledge agreements contain provisions limiting the liability of the collateral agent. The pledge agreements contain provisions under which the collateral agent may resign or be replaced. This resignation or replacement would be effective upon the appointment of a successor. 
 NEE and its affiliates maintain various banking and trust relationships with Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas and its affiliates. 
 38 
 DB1 134224079.5 

Miscellaneous 
 NEE will pay all fees and expenses related to the retention of the collateral agent and the enforcement by the purchase contract agent of the rights of the holders of the Equity Units. 
 Holders that elect to substitute the related pledged securities, thereby creating Treasury Units or recreating Corporate Units, will be responsible for any fees or expenses payable in connection with the substitution, as well as any commissions, fees or other expenses incurred in acquiring the pledged securities to be substituted, and NEE will not be responsible for any of those fees or expenses. 
 DESCRIPTION OF THE NEE CAPITAL DEBENTURES 
 This section briefly summarizes some of the terms of the NEE Capital debentures and some of the provisions of the indenture. This summary does not contain a complete description of the NEE Capital debentures or the indenture referred to below. You should read this summary together with the indenture and the officer s certificate creating the NEE Capital debentures for a complete understanding of all the provisions of the NEE Capital debentures and for the definitions of some terms used in this summary. The indenture and the officer s certificates have been previously filed with the SEC and are exhibits to the Form 10-K. In addition, the indenture is qualified under the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 and is therefore subject to the provisions of the Trust Indenture Act of 1939. You should read the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 for a complete understanding of its provisions. 
 General 
 NEE Capital issued 
 2,500,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of the NEE Capital Series K Debentures due March 1, 2025 which are a component of the 5.279 Corporate Units, 
 2,000,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of the NEE Capital Series L Debentures due September 1, 2025 which are a component of the 6.219 Corporate Units, and 
 2,000,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of the NEE Capital Series M Debentures due September 1, 2027 which are a component of the 6.926 Corporate Units, 
 in each case under an indenture, dated as of June 1, 1999, as amended, referred to as the indenture, between NEE Capital and The Bank of New York Mellon, as indenture trustee. An officer s certificate supplemented the indenture and created the specific terms of each series of the NEE Capital debentures. In addition to acting as purchase contract agent with respect to the Equity Units, The Bank of New York Mellon acts as indenture trustee, security registrar and paying agent under the indenture and as guarantee trustee under the guarantee agreement with respect to the NEE Capital debentures. Under the indenture, NEE Capital may issue an unlimited amount of additional debt securities. The NEE Capital debentures and all other debentures, notes or other debt of NEE Capital issued previously or hereafter under the indenture are collectively referred to as the Senior Debt Securities. 
 The indenture provides that NEE Capital may not grant a lien on the capital stock of any of its majority-owned subsidiaries which shares of capital stock NEE Capital now or hereafter directly owns to secure indebtedness of NEE Capital without similarly securing the NEE Capital debentures, with certain exceptions. However, the indenture does not limit the aggregate amount of indebtedness that NEE Capital and its subsidiaries may issue, guarantee or otherwise incur nor does it limit the ability of NEE Capital s subsidiaries to grant a lien on any of their assets, including the capital stock of their respective subsidiaries. The guarantee agreement referred to below under Mandatory Redemption does not limit the aggregate amount of indebtedness NEE and its subsidiaries may issue, guarantee or otherwise incur. 
 NEE Capital s corporate parent, NEE, absolutely, irrevocably and unconditionally guarantees the payment of principal, interest and premium, if any, on the NEE Capital debentures. The NEE Capital debentures and the guarantee are unsecured and unsubordinated and rank equally with other unsecured and unsubordinated 
 39 
 DB1 134224079.5 

indebtedness from time to time outstanding of NEE Capital and NEE, respectively. See Description of NEE Guarantee below. 
 Unless an earlier redemption has occurred, the entire principal amount of the NEE Capital debentures will mature and become due and payable, together with any accrued and unpaid interest, on the NEE Capital Debenture Maturity Date (as defined in Annex A). Except as described below under Mandatory Redemption and except for a special event redemption as described below under Special Event Redemption, the NEE Capital debentures will not be redeemable by NEE Capital. 
 NEE Capital debentures which are a component of the Corporate Units were issued in certificated form, in denominations of 1,000 and integral multiples of 1,000, without coupons provided, however, that upon release by the collateral agent of NEE Capital debentures underlying the applicable ownership interests in the NEE Capital debentures pledged to secure the Corporate Units holders obligations to purchase NEE common stock under the related purchase contracts (other than any release of the NEE Capital debentures in connection with the creation of Treasury Units, an early settlement with separate cash, an early settlement upon a fundamental change, or a remarketing, each as described under Description of the Purchase Contracts ), the NEE Capital debentures will be issuable in denominations of 50 principal amount and integral multiples thereof. The NEE Capital debentures may be transferred or exchanged, without service charge but upon payment of any taxes or other governmental charges payable in connection with the transfer or exchange, at the office described below. 
 Payments on NEE Capital debentures issued as a global security will be made to the Depositary, a successor depositary or, in the event that no depositary is used, to a paying agent for the NEE Capital debentures. Principal and interest with respect to certificated NEE Capital debentures will be payable, the transfer of the NEE Capital debentures will be registrable and NEE Capital debentures will be exchangeable for NEE Capital debentures of a like aggregate principal amount in denominations of 1,000 and integral multiples of 1,000 (unless the NEE Capital debentures have previously been issued in denominations of 50 and integral multiples thereof, in which case debentures will be exchangeable for a like aggregate principal amount in denominations of 50 and integral multiples of 50), at the office or agency maintained by NEE Capital for this purpose in New York City. However, at NEE Capital s option, payment of interest may be made by check mailed to the address of the holder entitled to payment or by wire transfer to an account appropriately designated by the holder entitled to payment. 
 Each Corporate Unit includes a 5 undivided beneficial ownership interest in a NEE Capital debenture in the principal amount of 1,000 that corresponds to the stated amount of 50 per Corporate Unit. 
 The indenture trustee is initially the security registrar and the paying agent for the NEE Capital debentures. All transactions with respect to the NEE Capital debentures, including registration, transfer and exchange of the NEE Capital debentures, will be handled by the security registrar at an office in New York City designated by NEE Capital. NEE Capital has initially designated the corporate trust office of the indenture trustee as that office. In addition, holders of NEE Capital debentures should address any notices to NEE Capital regarding the NEE Capital debentures to that office. NEE Capital will notify holders of NEE Capital debentures of any change in the location of that office. 
 Interest and Payment 
 Each NEE Capital debenture bears interest initially at the respective Initial Interest Rate (as defined in Annex A) per year from the original issuance date to, but excluding, the reset effective date or, if no successful remarketing of the NEE Capital debentures of such series occurs, the respective NEE Capital Debenture Maturity Date. On or prior to the reset effective date, interest payments will be payable quarterly in arrears on each March 1, June 1, September 1 and December 1, each a quarterly interest payment date, commencing on the Initial Payment Date for such NEE Capital debentures. In addition, if the reset effective date falls on a day that is not also a quarterly interest payment date, holders of NEE Capital debentures will receive on the reset effective date a payment of accrued and unpaid interest from the most recent quarterly interest payment date to, but excluding, the reset effective date. In addition, for U.S. federal income tax purposes OID will accrue on the NEE Capital debentures. See United States Federal Income Tax Discussion U.S. Holders NEE Capital Debentures Original Issue Discount. 
 40 
 DB1 134224079.5 

The interest rate on the NEE Capital debentures will be reset to the reset rate upon a successful remarketing as described above under Description of the Purchase Contracts Remarketing. The reset rate will become effective on the reset effective date, which is three business days immediately following a successful remarketing, unless the remarketing is successful within five business days of the next succeeding interest payment date, in which case such interest payment date will be the reset effective date provided that in the event of a successful remarketing during the final three-day remarketing period, the reset effective date will be the Purchase Contract Settlement Date. Following a successful remarketing of the NEE Capital debentures, the NEE Capital debentures will bear interest from the reset effective date at the reset rate to, but excluding, the NEE Capital Debenture Maturity Date. From the reset effective date, interest payments on all NEE Capital debentures will be paid semi-annually in arrears on interest payment dates to be selected by NEE Capital. Semi-annual interest payments will include interest accrued from and including the immediately preceding semi-annual interest payment date or, in the case of the first semi-annual interest payment date following the reset effective date, from the reset effective date. 
 If no successful remarketing of the NEE Capital debentures occurs, the interest rate on the NEE Capital debentures will not be reset and interest payments on all NEE Capital debentures will remain payable quarterly in arrears on the originally-scheduled quarterly interest payment dates. 
 The amount of interest payable for any period will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months. The amount of interest payable for any period shorter than a full quarterly or semi-annual period for which interest is computed will be computed on the basis of the number of days in the period using 30-day calendar months. Interest on the NEE Capital debentures will be payable to the holders of NEE Capital debentures as they appear on the books and records of the securities registrar on the relevant record dates which, as long as all of the NEE Capital debentures remain in certificated form and are held by the purchase contract agent or are held in book-entry only form, will be one business day prior to the relevant payment date. In the event that NEE Capital debentures remain in certificated form but all are not held by the purchase contract agent or are not held in book-entry only form, NEE Capital shall have the right to select relevant record dates, which shall be at least one business day but no more than 60 business days prior to the relevant payment dates, and to make payments by check mailed to the address of the holder as of the relevant record date or by wire transfer to an account appropriately designated by the holder entitled to payment. In the event that any date on which interest is payable on the NEE Capital debentures is not a business day, then payment of the interest payable on that date will be made on the next succeeding day which is a business day, and no interest or payment will be paid in respect of the delay. However, if that business day is in the next succeeding calendar year, that payment will be made on the immediately preceding business day, in each case with the same force and effect as if made on the scheduled payment date. 
 Market Reset Rate 
 The reset rate will be equal to the rate that is sufficient to allow a successful remarketing of the NEE Capital debentures and will be determined by the remarketing agents. In the case of a reset prior to the final three-day remarketing period, which rate would be effective on the third day following the date of such successful remarketing, unless the remarketing is successful within five business days of the next succeeding interest payment date in which case such interest payment date will be the reset effective date, the reset rate will be the rate determined by the remarketing agents as the rate the NEE Capital debentures should bear in order for the NEE Capital debentures that are components of the Corporate Units to have an aggregate market value on the reset effective date of at least 100 of the Treasury portfolio purchase price described under Description of the Purchase Contracts Remarketing plus the aggregate separate NEE Capital debenture purchase price plus the remarketing fee. In the case of a reset during the final three-day remarketing period, the reset rate will be the rate determined by the remarketing agents as the rate the NEE Capital debentures should bear in order for each NEE Capital debenture being remarketed to have an aggregate market value of at least 100 of the principal amount of the NEE Capital debenture plus the remarketing fee. The reset rate will in no event exceed the maximum rate, if any, permitted by applicable law. 
 If the NEE Capital debentures are not successfully remarketed, the interest rate will not be reset and the NEE Capital debentures will continue to bear interest at the Initial Interest Rate, payable quarterly in arrears. 
 41 
 DB1 134224079.5 

Optional Remarketing 
 On or prior to the second business day, but no earlier than the fifth business day immediately preceding the first of the three sequential remarketing days of any three-day remarketing period, holders of NEE Capital debentures that are not components of Corporate Units may elect to have their NEE Capital debentures remarketed in the same manner as NEE Capital debentures that are a component of Corporate Units by delivering their NEE Capital debentures, along with a notice of this election to the custodial agent. By delivering such notice, holders will elect to have their NEE Capital debentures remarketed in each remarketing attempt during the applicable three-day remarketing period. The custodial agent will hold the NEE Capital debentures in an account separate from the collateral account in which the pledged securities will be held. Holders of NEE Capital debentures electing to have those NEE Capital debentures remarketed will also have the right to withdraw the election on or prior to the second business day immediately preceding the first of the three sequential remarketing days of the applicable three-day remarketing period. If each remarketing attempt during the applicable three-day remarketing period is unsuccessful, the custodial agent will return the NEE Capital debentures that are not a component of the Corporate Units to their holders and these holders may elect to have their NEE Capital debentures included in the remarketings during each subsequent three-day remarketing period by redelivering their NEE Capital debentures and notice of election in the manner described in this paragraph. Holders of Treasury Units that are also holders of NEE Capital debentures that are not part of the Corporate Units may also participate in any remarketing by recreating Corporate Units from their Treasury Units on or prior to the second business day immediately prior to the first of the three sequential remarketing days of any three-day remarketing period. 
 Put Right Following Unsuccessful Final Remarketing 
 If the NEE Capital debentures have not been successfully remarketed prior to the Purchase Contract Settlement Date, holders of all NEE Capital debentures (including beneficial owners of NEE Capital debentures that are components of the Corporate Units) will have the right to put their NEE Capital debentures to NEE Capital on the Purchase Contract Settlement Date, upon at least two business days prior written notice to the purchase contract agent, for an amount equal to the put price. A holder of Corporate Units will be deemed to have automatically exercised this put right with respect to the NEE Capital debentures that are components of such Corporate Units as described under Description of the Purchase Contracts Remarketing, unless the holder settles the related purchase contracts with separate cash as described under Description of the Purchase Contracts Early Settlement by Delivering Cash and Notice to Settle with Cash. 
 Mandatory Redemption 
 The following constitute Guarantor Events with respect to the NEE Capital debentures 
 the guarantee agreement, dated as of June 1, 1999, between NEE, as guarantor, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as guarantee trustee, ceases to be in full force and effect 
 a court issues a decree ordering or acknowledging the bankruptcy or insolvency of NEE, or appointing a custodian, receiver or other similar official for NEE, or ordering the winding up or liquidation of its affairs, and the decree remains in effect for 90 days or 
 NEE seeks or consents to relief under federal or state bankruptcy or insolvency laws, or to the appointment of a custodian, receiver or other similar official for NEE, or makes an assignment for the benefit of its creditors, or admits in writing that it is bankrupt or insolvent. 
 NEE Capital shall, if a Guarantor Event occurs and is continuing, redeem all of the outstanding NEE Capital debentures within 60 days after the occurrence of the Guarantor Event at a redemption price described below unless, within 30 days after the occurrence of the Guarantor Event, S&P Global Ratings, a division of S&P Global Inc., and Moody s Investors Service, Inc. (if the outstanding NEE Capital debentures are then rated by those rating agencies, or, if the outstanding NEE Capital debentures are then rated by only one of those rating agencies, then such rating agency, or, if the outstanding NEE Capital debentures are not then rated by either one of those rating agencies but are then rated by one or more other nationally recognized rating agencies, then at least one of those 
 42 
 DB1 134224079.5 

other nationally recognized rating agencies) shall have reaffirmed in writing that, after giving effect to such Guarantor Event, the credit rating on the outstanding NEE Capital debentures is investment grade (i.e., in one of the four highest categories, without regard to subcategories within such rating categories, of such rating agency). 
 If a Guarantor Event occurs and NEE Capital is not required to redeem the outstanding NEE Capital debentures as described above, NEE Capital will provide to the indenture trustee and the holders of the outstanding NEE Capital debentures annual and quarterly reports containing the information that NEE Capital would be required to file with the SEC under Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 if it were subject to the reporting requirements of either of those Sections. If NEE Capital is, at that time, subject to the reporting requirements of either of those Sections, the filing of annual and quarterly reports with the SEC pursuant to either of those Sections will satisfy this requirement. 
 If NEE Capital is required to redeem all of the outstanding NEE Capital debentures following a Guarantor Event 
 prior to the applicable Purchase Contract Settlement Date, if the purchase contracts have been previously or concurrently terminated as described under Description of the Purchase Contracts Termination of Purchase Contracts, the mandatory redemption price will be equal to the principal amount of each NEE Capital debenture plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the date of redemption 
 prior to the applicable Purchase Contract Settlement Date, if the purchase contracts have not been so previously or concurrently terminated, the mandatory redemption price will be equal to, for each NEE Capital debenture, the redemption amount described below under Special Event Redemption plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the date of redemption, and such redemption price will be distributed to the collateral agent, as described below under Special Event Redemption or 
 on or after the applicable Purchase Contract Settlement Date, the mandatory redemption price will be equal to the principal amount of each NEE Capital debenture plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the date of redemption. 
 Special Event Redemption 
 If a special event occurs and is continuing, NEE Capital may, at its option, redeem the NEE Capital debentures in whole but not in part at any time at a price, which is referred to as the redemption price, equal to, for each NEE Capital debenture, the redemption amount described below plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the date of redemption. Installments of interest on NEE Capital debentures which are due and payable on or prior to a redemption date will be payable to the holders of NEE Capital debentures registered as such at the close of business on the relevant record dates. If, following the occurrence of a special event, NEE Capital exercises its option to redeem the NEE Capital debentures, the proceeds of the redemption will be payable in cash to the holders of NEE Capital debentures which are not part of Corporate Units. If the special event redemption occurs prior to a successful remarketing of the NEE Capital debentures, or if the NEE Capital debentures are not successfully remarketed prior to the Purchase Contract Settlement Date, the redemption price for the NEE Capital debentures that are components of the Corporate Units at the time of the special event redemption will be distributed to the collateral agent, who in turn will purchase the Treasury portfolio described below on behalf of the holders of Corporate Units and remit the remainder of the redemption price, if any, to the purchase contract agent for payment to the holders. Thereafter, the applicable ownership interests in the Treasury portfolio will be substituted for the applicable ownership interests in the NEE Capital debentures and will be pledged to NEE through the collateral agent to secure the Corporate Unit holders obligations to purchase NEE common stock under the purchase contracts. 
 Special event means either an accounting event or a tax event, each as defined below. 
 43 
 DB1 134224079.5 

Accounting event means the receipt by the audit committee of NEE s Board of Directors (or, if there is no such committee, by such Board of Directors) of a written report in accordance with Statement on Auditing Standards SAS No. 97, Amendment to SAS No. 50 Reports on the Application of Accounting Principles, from NEE s independent auditors, provided at the request of NEE management, to the effect that, as a result of a change in accounting rules that becomes effective after the Closing Date, NEE must either (1) account for the purchase contracts as derivatives (or otherwise mark-to-market or measure the fair value of all or any portion of the purchase contracts with changes appearing in NEE s income statement) or (2) account for the Equity Units using the if-converted method, and that such accounting treatment will cease to apply upon redemption of the NEE Capital debentures. 
 Tax event means the receipt by NEE Capital of an opinion of nationally recognized independent tax counsel experienced in such matters (which may be Morgan, Lewis & Bockius LLP or Squire Patton Boggs (US) LLP) to the effect that there is more than an insubstantial risk that interest payable by NEE Capital on the NEE Capital debentures would not be deductible, in whole or in part, by NEE Capital for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a result of any amendment to, change in, or announced proposed change in, the laws, or any regulations thereunder, of the United States or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein affecting taxation, any amendment to or change in an interpretation or application of any such laws or regulations by any legislative body, court, governmental agency or regulatory authority or any interpretation or pronouncement by any legislative body, court, governmental agency or regulatory authority that provides for a position with respect to any such laws or regulations that differs from the generally accepted position on the Tax Event Measurement Date (as defined in Annex A), which amendment, change or proposed change is effective or which interpretation or pronouncement is announced on or after the Tax Event Measurement Date. 
 Redemption amount means 
 in the case of a special event redemption occurring prior to the earlier of (1) a successful remarketing or (2) the Purchase Contract Settlement Date, for each NEE Capital debenture, the product of the principal amount of that NEE Capital debenture and a fraction, the numerator of which is the Treasury portfolio purchase price and the denominator of which is the aggregate principal amount of the NEE Capital debentures included in Corporate Units on the special event redemption date, and 
 in the case of a special event redemption occurring on or after the earlier of (1) a successful remarketing or (2) the Purchase Contract Settlement Date, for each NEE Capital debenture outstanding on the special event redemption date, the principal amount of the NEE Capital debenture. 
 Depending on the Treasury portfolio purchase price, the redemption amount could be less than or greater than the principal amount of the NEE Capital debentures. 
 As used in this context, Treasury portfolio purchase price means the lowest aggregate price quoted by a primary U.S. government securities dealer in New York City to the quotation agent on the third business day immediately preceding the special event redemption date for the purchase of the special event Treasury portfolio for settlement on the special event redemption date. 
 The Treasury portfolio to be purchased in connection with a special event redemption, or a special event Treasury portfolio, will consist of 
 U.S. Treasury securities (or principal or interest strips thereof) that mature on or prior to the Treasury Portfolio Maturity Deadline in an aggregate amount at maturity equal to the aggregate principal amount of the NEE Capital debentures which are a component of the Corporate Units and 
 with respect to each scheduled interest payment date on the NEE Capital debentures that occurs after the special event redemption date and on or prior to the Purchase Contract Settlement Date, U.S. Treasury securities (or principal or interest strips thereof) that mature on or prior to such scheduled interest payment date in an aggregate amount at maturity equal to the aggregate interest payment that would be due on the aggregate principal amount of the NEE Capital debentures which would have been components of the Corporate Units on that date (assuming no special event redemption) and 
 44 
 DB1 134224079.5 

assuming that interest accrued from and including the immediately preceding interest payment date to which interest has been paid. 
 Subject to the following sentence, the NEE Capital debentures are redeemable upon notice from NEE Capital at least 30 days but no more than 60 days prior to the redemption date. NEE Capital has reserved the right to amend the indenture without any consent, vote or other action of the holders of any debt securities issued under the indenture after December 1, 2021 to provide that notice of any redemption shall be given in the manner provided in the indenture to the holders of the debt securities to be redeemed not less than 10 nor more than 60 days prior to the date of redemption. Unless NEE Capital defaults in payment of the redemption price, on and after the redemption date interest shall cease to accrue on the NEE Capital debentures. In the event any NEE Capital debentures are called for redemption, neither NEE Capital nor the indenture trustee will be required to register the transfer of or exchange the NEE Capital debentures to be redeemed. 
 Security and Ranking. The NEE Capital debentures are unsecured obligations of NEE Capital. The indenture does not limit NEE Capital s ability to provide security with respect to other Senior Debt Securities. All Senior Debt Securities issued under the indenture will rank equally and ratably with all other Senior Debt Securities issued under the indenture, except to the extent that NEE Capital elects to provide security with respect to any Senior Debt Security (other than the NEE Capital debentures) without providing that security to all outstanding Senior Debt Securities in accordance with the indenture. The NEE Capital debentures rank senior to any debt securities of NEE capital that are expressly subordinated by their terms. The indenture does not limit NEE Capital s ability to issue other unsecured debt. 
 While NEE Capital is a holding company that derives substantially all of its income from its operating subsidiaries, NEE Capital s subsidiaries are separate and distinct legal entities and have no obligation to make any payments on the Senior Debt Securities or to make any funds available for such payment. Therefore, the Senior Debt Securities will effectively be subordinated to all indebtedness and other liabilities, including trade payables, debt and preferred stock, incurred or issued by NEE Capital s subsidiaries. In addition to trade liabilities, many of NEE Capital s operating subsidiaries incur debt in order to finance their business activities. All of this indebtedness will effectively be senior to the Senior Debt Securities. The indenture does not place any limit on the amount of liabilities, including debt or preferred stock, that NEE Capital s subsidiaries may issue, guarantee or incur. 
 Payment and Paying Agents. On each interest payment date NEE Capital will pay interest on each NEE Capital debenture to the person in whose name that NEE Capital debenture is registered as of the close of business on the record date relating to that interest payment date. However, on the date that the NEE Capital Debentures mature, NEE Capital will pay the interest to the person to whom it pays the principal. Also, if NEE Capital has defaulted in the payment of interest on any NEE Capital debenture, it may pay that defaulted interest to the registered owner of that NEE Capital debenture 
 (1) as of the close of business on a date that the indenture trustee selects, which may not be more than 15 days or less than 10 days before the date that NEE Capital proposes to pay the defaulted interest, or 
 (2) in any other lawful manner that does not violate the requirements of any securities exchange on which that Offered Senior Debt Security is listed and that the indenture trustee believes is practicable. (Indenture, Section 307). 
 The principal, premium, if any, and interest on the NEE Capital debentures at maturity will be payable when such NEE Capital debentures are presented at the main corporate trust office of The Bank of New York Mellon, as paying agent, in New York City. NEE Capital may change the place of payment on the NEE Capital debentures, appoint one or more additional paying agents, including NEE Capital, and remove any paying agent. (Indenture, Section 602). 
 Transfer and Exchange. NEE Capital debentures may be transferred or exchanged at the main corporate trust office of The Bank of New York Mellon, as security registrar, in New York City. NEE Capital may change the place for transfer and exchange of the NEE Capital debentures and may designate one or more additional places for that transfer and exchange. 
 45 
 DB1 134224079.5 

There will be no service charge for any transfer or exchange of the NEE Capital debentures. However, NEE Capital may require payment of any tax or other governmental charge in connection with any transfer or exchange of the NEE Capital debentures. 
 NEE Capital will not be required to transfer or exchange any NEE Capital debenture selected for redemption. Also, NEE Capital will not be required to transfer or exchange any NEE Capital debenture during a period of 15 days before notice is to be given identifying the NEE Capital debentures selected to be redeemed. (Indenture, Section 305). 
 Defeasance. NEE Capital may, at any time, elect to have all of its obligations discharged with respect to all or a portion of any Senior Debt Securities. To do so, NEE Capital must irrevocably deposit with the indenture trustee or any paying agent, in trust 
 (1) money in an amount that will be sufficient to pay all or that portion of the principal, premium, if any, and interest due and to become due on those Senior Debt Securities, on or prior to their maturity, or 
 (2) in the case of a deposit made prior to the maturity of that series of Senior Debt Securities, 
 (a) direct obligations of, or obligations unconditionally guaranteed by, the United States and entitled to the benefit of its full faith and credit that do not contain provisions permitting their redemption or other prepayment at the option of their issuer, and 
 (b) certificates, depositary receipts or other instruments that evidence a direct ownership interest in those obligations or in any specific interest or principal payments due in respect of those obligations that do not contain provisions permitting their redemption or other prepayment at the option of their issuer, 
 the principal of and the interest on which, when due, without any regard to reinvestment of that principal or interest, will provide money that, together with any money deposited with or held by the indenture trustee, will be sufficient to pay all or that portion of the principal, premium, if any, and interest due and to become due on those Senior Debt Securities, on or prior to their maturity, or 
 (3) a combination of (1) and (2) that will be sufficient to pay all or that portion of the principal, premium, if any, and interest due and to become due on those Senior Debt Securities, on or prior to their maturity. (Indenture, Section 701). 
 Limitation on Liens. So long as any Senior Debt Securities remain outstanding, NEE Capital will not secure any indebtedness with a lien on any shares of the capital stock of any of its majority-owned subsidiaries, which shares of capital stock NEE Capital now or hereafter directly owns, unless NEE Capital equally secures all Senior Debt Securities. However, this restriction does not apply to or prevent 
 (1) any lien on capital stock created at the time NEE Capital acquires that capital stock, or within 270 days after that time, to secure all or a portion of the purchase price for that capital stock, 
 (2) any lien on capital stock existing at the time NEE Capital acquires that capital stock (whether or not NEE Capital assumes the obligations secured by the lien and whether or not the lien was created in contemplation of the acquisition), 
 (3) any extensions, renewals or replacements of the liens described in (1) and (2) above, or of any indebtedness secured by those liens provided, that, 
 (a) the principal amount of indebtedness secured by those liens immediately after the extension, renewal or replacement may not exceed the principal amount of indebtedness secured by those liens immediately before the extension, renewal or replacement, and 
 46 
 DB1 134224079.5 

(b) the extension, renewal or replacement lien is limited to no more than the same proportion of all shares of capital stock as were covered by the lien that was extended, renewed or replaced, or 
 (4) any lien arising in connection with court proceedings provided that, either 
 (a) the execution or enforcement of that lien is effectively stayed within 30 days after entry of the corresponding judgment (or the corresponding judgment has been discharged within that 30 day period) and the claims secured by that lien are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, 
 (b) the payment of that lien is covered in full by insurance and the insurance company has not denied or contested coverage, or 
 (c) so long as that lien is adequately bonded, any appropriate legal proceedings that have been duly initiated for the review of the corresponding judgment, decree or order have not been fully terminated or the periods within which those proceedings may be initiated have not expired. 
 Liens on any shares of the capital stock of any of NEE Capital s majority-owned subsidiaries, which shares of capital stock NEE Capital now or hereafter directly owns, other than liens described in (1) through (4) above, are referred to as Restricted Liens. The foregoing limitation does not apply to the extent that NEE Capital creates any Restricted Liens to secure indebtedness that, together with all other indebtedness of NEE Capital secured by Restricted Liens, does not at the time exceed 5 of NEE Capital s Consolidated Capitalization. (Indenture, Section 608). 
 For this purpose, Consolidated Capitalization means the sum of 
 (1) Consolidated Shareholders Equity, 
 (2) Consolidated Indebtedness for borrowed money (exclusive of any amounts which are due and payable within one year) and, without duplication, and 
 (3) any preference or preferred stock of NEE Capital or any Consolidated Subsidiary which is subject to mandatory redemption or sinking fund provisions. 
 The term Consolidated Shareholders Equity as used above means the total assets of NEE Capital and its Consolidated Subsidiaries less all liabilities of NEE Capital and its Consolidated Subsidiaries. As used in this definition, the term liabilities means all obligations which would, in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, be classified on a balance sheet as liabilities, including without limitation 
 (1) indebtedness secured by property of NEE Capital or any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries whether or not NEE Capital or such Consolidated Subsidiary is liable for the payment thereof unless, in the case that NEE Capital or such Consolidated Subsidiary is not so liable, such property has not been included among the assets of NEE Capital or such Consolidated Subsidiary on such balance sheet, 
 (2) deferred liabilities, and 
 (3) indebtedness of NEE Capital or any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries that is expressly subordinated in right and priority of payment to other liabilities of NEE Capital or such Consolidated Subsidiary. 
 As used in this definition, liabilities includes preference or preferred stock of NEE Capital or any Consolidated Subsidiary only to the extent of any such preference or preferred stock that is subject to mandatory redemption or sinking fund provisions. 
 47 
 DB1 134224079.5 

The term Consolidated Indebtedness means total indebtedness as shown on the consolidated balance sheet of NEE Capital and its Consolidated Subsidiaries. 
 The term Consolidated Subsidiary, means at any date any direct or indirect majority-owned subsidiary whose financial statements would be consolidated with those of NEE Capital in NEE Capital s consolidated financial statements as of such date in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. (Indenture, Section 608). 
 The foregoing limitation does not limit in any manner the ability of 
 (1) NEE Capital to place liens on any of its assets other than the capital stock of directly held, majority-owned subsidiaries, 
 (2) NEE Capital or NEE to cause the transfer of its assets or those of its subsidiaries, including the capital stock covered by the foregoing restrictions, 
 (3) NEE to place liens on any of its assets, or 
 (4) any of the direct or indirect subsidiaries of NEE Capital or NEE (other than NEE Capital) to place liens on any of their assets. 
 Consolidation, Merger, and Sale of Assets. Under the indenture, NEE Capital may not consolidate with or merge into any other entity or convey, transfer or lease its properties and assets substantially as an entirety to any entity, unless 
 (1) the entity formed by that consolidation, or the entity into which NEE Capital is merged, or the entity that acquires or leases NEE Capital s properties and assets, is an entity organized and existing under the laws of the United States, any state or the District of Columbia and that entity expressly assumes NEE Capital s obligations on all Senior Debt Securities and under the indenture, 
 (2) immediately after giving effect to the transaction, no event of default under the indenture and no event that, after notice or lapse of time or both, would become an event of default under the indenture exists, and 
 (3) NEE Capital delivers an officer s certificate and an opinion of counsel to the indenture trustee, as provided in the indenture. (Indenture, Section 1101). 
 The indenture does not restrict NEE Capital in a merger in which NEE Capital is the surviving entity. 
 Events of Default. Each of the following is an event of default under the indenture with respect to the Senior Debt Securities of any series 
 (1) failure to pay interest on the Senior Debt Securities of that series within 30 days after it is due, 
 (2) failure to pay principal or premium, if any, on the Senior Debt Securities of that series when it is due, 
 (3) failure to perform, or breach of, any other covenant or warranty in the indenture, other than a covenant or warranty that does not relate to that series of Senior Debt Securities, that continues for 90 days after (i) NEE Capital receives written notice of such failure to comply from the indenture trustee or (ii) NEE Capital and the indenture trustee receive written notice of such failure to comply from the registered owners of at least 33 in principal amount of the Senior Debt Securities of that series, 
 (4) certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization of NEE Capital, or 
 48 
 DB1 134224079.5 

(5) any other event of default specified with respect to the Senior Debt Securities of that series. (Indenture, Section 801). 
 In the case of an event of default listed in item (3) above, the indenture trustee may extend the grace period. In addition, if registered owners of a particular series have given a notice of default, then registered owners of at least the same percentage of Senior Debt Securities of that series, together with the indenture trustee, may also extend the grace period. The grace period will be automatically extended if NEE Capital has initiated and is diligently pursuing corrective action. (Indenture, Section 801). An event of default with respect to the Senior Debt Securities of a particular series will not necessarily constitute an event of default with respect to Senior Debt Securities of any other series issued under the indenture. 
 In addition to the events of default listed above, each of the following events will be an event of default under the indenture with respect to the NEE Capital debentures 
 (1) NEE consolidates with or merges into any other entity or conveys, transfers or leases substantially all of its properties and assets to any entity, unless 
 (a) the entity formed by such consolidation or into which NEE is merged, or the entity to which NEE conveys, transfers or leases substantially all of its properties and assets is an entity organized and existing under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia, and expressly assumes the obligations of NEE under the guarantee agreement and 
 (b) immediately after giving effect to such transaction, no event of default under the indenture and no event that, after notice or lapse of time or both, would become an event of default under the indenture, shall have occurred and be continuing or 
 (2) NEE Capital fails to redeem any of the NEE Capital debentures that it is required to redeem as described under Mandatory Redemption above. 
 Remedies. If an event of default applicable to the Senior Debt Securities of one or more series, but not applicable to all outstanding Senior Debt Securities, exists, then either (i) the indenture trustee or (ii) the registered owners of at least 33 in aggregate principal amount of the Senior Debt Securities of each of the affected series may declare the principal of and accrued but unpaid interest on all the Senior Debt Securities of that series to be due and payable immediately. (Indenture, Section 802). However, under the indenture, some Senior Debt Securities may provide for a specified amount less than their entire principal amount to be due and payable upon that declaration. Such a Senior Debt Security is defined as a Discount Security in the indenture. 
 If an event of default is applicable to all outstanding Senior Debt Securities, then either (i) the indenture trustee or (ii) the registered owners of at least 33 in aggregate principal amount of all outstanding Senior Debt Securities of all series, voting as one class, and not the registered owners of any one series, may make a declaration of acceleration. However, the event of default giving rise to the declaration relating to any series of Senior Debt Securities will be automatically waived, and that declaration and its consequences will be automatically rescinded and annulled, if, at any time after that declaration and before a judgment or decree for payment of the money due has been obtained 
 (1) NEE Capital pays or deposits with the indenture trustee a sum sufficient to pay 
 (a) all overdue interest on all Senior Debt Securities of that series, 
 (b) the principal of and any premium on any Senior Debt Securities of that series that have become due for reasons other than that declaration, and interest that is then due, 
 (c) interest on overdue interest for that series, and 
 (d) all amounts then due to the indenture trustee under the indenture, and 
 49 
 DB1 134224079.5 

(2) any other event of default with respect to the Senior Debt Securities of that series has been cured or waived as provided in the indenture. (Indenture, Section 802). 
 Other than its obligations and duties in case of an event of default under the indenture, the indenture trustee is not obligated to exercise any of its rights or powers under the indenture at the request or direction of any of the registered owners of the Senior Debt Securities, unless those registered owners offer reasonable indemnity to the indenture trustee. (Indenture, Section 903). If they provide this reasonable indemnity, the registered owners of a majority in principal amount of any series of Senior Debt Securities will have the right to direct the time, method and place of conducting any proceeding for any remedy available to the indenture trustee, or exercising any trust or power conferred on the indenture trustee, with respect to the Senior Debt Securities of that series. However, if an event of default under the indenture relates to more than one series of Senior Debt Securities, only the registered owners of a majority in aggregate principal amount of all affected series of Senior Debt Securities, considered as one class, will have the right to make that direction. Also, the direction must not violate any law or the indenture, and may not expose the indenture trustee to personal liability in circumstances where the indemnity would not, in the indenture trustee s sole discretion, be adequate, and the indenture trustee may take any other action that it deems proper and not inconsistent with such direction. (Indenture, Section 812). 
 A registered owner of a Senior Debt Security has the right to institute a suit for the enforcement of payment of the principal of or premium, if any, or interest on that Senior Debt Security on or after the applicable due date specified in that Senior Debt Security. (Indenture, Section 808). No registered owner of Senior Debt Securities of any series will have any other right to institute any proceeding under the indenture, or any other remedy under the indenture, unless 
 (1) that registered owner has previously given to the indenture trustee written notice of a continuing event of default with respect to the Senior Debt Securities of that series, 
 (2) the registered owners of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Senior Debt Securities of all series in respect of which an event of default under the indenture exists, considered as one class, have made written request to the indenture trustee to institute that proceeding in its own name as trustee, and have offered reasonable indemnity to the indenture trustee against related costs, expenses and liabilities, 
 (3) the indenture trustee for 60 days after its receipt of that notice, request and offer of indemnity has failed to institute any such proceeding, and 
 (4) no direction inconsistent with that request was given to the indenture trustee during this 60 day period by the registered owners of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Senior Debt Securities of all series in respect of which an event of default under the Indenture exists, considered as one class. (Indenture, Section 807). 
 NEE Capital is required to deliver to the indenture trustee an annual statement as to its compliance with all conditions and covenants under the indenture. (Indenture, Section 606). 
 Modification and Waiver. Without the consent of any registered owner of Senior Debt Securities, NEE Capital and the indenture trustee may amend or supplement the indenture for any of the following purposes 
 (1) to provide for the assumption by any permitted successor to NEE Capital of NEE Capital s obligations under the indenture and the Senior Debt Securities in the case of a merger or consolidation or a conveyance, transfer or lease of NEE Capital s properties and assets substantially as an entirety, 
 (2) to add covenants of NEE Capital or to surrender any right or power conferred upon NEE Capital by the indenture, 
 (3) to add any additional events of default, 
 50 
 DB1 134224079.5 

(4) to change, eliminate or add any provision of the indenture, provided that if that change, elimination or addition will materially adversely affect the interests of the registered owners of Senior Debt Securities of any series or tranche, that change, elimination or addition will become effective with respect to that particular series or tranche only 
 (a) when the required consent of the registered owners of Senior Debt Securities of that particular series or tranche has been obtained, or 
 (b) when no Senior Debt Securities of that particular series or tranche remain outstanding under the indenture, 
 (5) to provide collateral security for all but not a part of the Senior Debt Securities, 
 (6) to create the form or terms of Senior Debt Securities of any other series or tranche, 
 (7) to provide for the authentication and delivery of bearer securities and the related coupons and for other matters relating to those bearer securities, 
 (8) to accept the appointment of a successor indenture trustee with respect to the Senior Debt Securities of one or more series and to change any of the provisions of the indenture as necessary to provide for the administration of the trusts under the indenture by more than one trustee, 
 (9) to add procedures to permit the use of a non-certificated system of registration for all, or any series or tranche of, the Senior Debt Securities, 
 (10) to change any place where 
 (a) the principal of and premium, if any, and interest on all, or any series or tranche of, Senior Debt Securities are payable, 
 (b) all, or any series or tranche of, Senior Debt Securities may be surrendered for registration, transfer, or exchange, and 
 (c) notices and demands to or upon NEE Capital in respect of Senior Debt Securities and the indenture may be served, or 
 (11) to cure any ambiguity or inconsistency or to add or change any other provisions with respect to matters and questions arising under the indenture, provided those changes or additions may not materially adversely affect the interests of the registered owners of Senior Debt Securities of any series or tranche. (Indenture, Section 1201). 
 The registered owners of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Senior Debt Securities of all series then outstanding may waive compliance by NEE Capital with certain restrictive provisions of the indenture. (Indenture, Section 607). The registered owners of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding Senior Debt Securities of any series may waive any past default under the indenture with respect to that series, except a default in the payment of principal, premium, if any, or interest and a default with respect to certain restrictive covenants or provisions of the indenture that cannot be modified or amended without the consent of the registered owner of each outstanding Senior Debt Security of that series affected. (Indenture, Section 813). 
 In addition to any amendments described above, if the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 is amended after the date of the indenture in a way that requires changes to the indenture or in a way that permits changes to, or the elimination of, provisions that were previously required by the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, the indenture will be deemed to be amended to conform to that amendment of the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 or to make those changes, 
 51 
 DB1 134224079.5 

additions or eliminations. NEE Capital and the indenture trustee may, without the consent of any registered owners, enter into supplemental indentures to make that amendment. (Indenture, Section 1201). 
 Except for any amendments described above, the consent of the registered owners of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Senior Debt Securities of all series then outstanding, considered as one class, is required for all other modifications to the indenture. However, if less than all of the series of Senior Debt Securities outstanding are directly affected by a proposed supplemental indenture, then the consent only of the registered owners of a majority in aggregate principal amount of outstanding Senior Debt Securities of all directly affected series, considered as one class, is required. But, if NEE Capital issues any series of Senior Debt Securities in more than one tranche and if the proposed supplemental indenture directly affects the rights of the registered owners of Senior Debt Securities of less than all of those tranches, then the consent only of the registered owners of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Senior Debt Securities of all directly affected tranches, considered as one class, will be required. However, none of those amendments or modifications may 
 (1) change the dates on which the principal of or interest on a Senior Debt Security is due without the consent of the registered owner of that Senior Debt Security, 
 (2) reduce any Senior Debt Security s principal amount or rate of interest (or the amount of any installment of that interest) or change the method of calculating that rate without the consent of the registered owner of that Senior Debt Security, 
 (3) reduce any premium payable upon the redemption of a Senior Debt Security without the consent of the registered owner of that Senior Debt Security, 
 (4) change the currency (or other property) in which a Senior Debt Security is payable without the consent of the registered owner of that Senior Debt Security, 
 (5) impair the right to sue to enforce payments on any Senior Debt Security on or after the date that it states that the payment is due (or, in the case of redemption, on or after the redemption date) without the consent of the registered owner of that Senior Debt Security, 
 (6) reduce the percentage in principal amount of the outstanding Senior Debt Securities of any series or tranche whose owners must consent to an amendment, supplement or waiver without the consent of the registered owner of each outstanding Senior Debt Security of that particular series or tranche, 
 (7) reduce the requirements for quorum or voting of any series or tranche without the consent of the registered owner of each outstanding Senior Debt Security of that particular series or tranche, or 
 (8) modify certain of the provisions of the indenture relating to supplemental indentures, waivers of certain covenants and waivers of past defaults with respect to the Senior Debt Securities of any series or tranche, without the consent of the registered owner of each outstanding Senior Debt Security affected by the modification. 
 A supplemental indenture that changes or eliminates any provision of the indenture that has expressly been included only for the benefit of one or more particular series or tranches of Senior Debt Securities, or that modifies the rights of the registered owners of Senior Debt Securities of that particular series or tranche with respect to that provision, will not affect the rights under the indenture of the registered owners of the Senior Debt Securities of any other series or tranche. (Indenture, Section 1202). 
 The indenture provides that, in order to determine whether the registered owners of the required principal amount of the outstanding Senior Debt Securities have given any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent or waiver under the indenture, or whether a quorum is present at the meeting of the registered owners of Senior Debt Securities, Senior Debt Securities owned by NEE Capital or any other obligor upon the Senior Debt Securities or any affiliate of NEE Capital or of that other obligor (unless NEE Capital, that affiliate or that obligor 
 52 
 DB1 134224079.5 

owns all Senior Debt Securities outstanding under the indenture, determined without regard to this provision) will be disregarded and deemed not to be outstanding. (Indenture, Section 101). 
 If NEE Capital solicits any action under the indenture from registered owners of Senior Debt Securities, NEE Capital may, at its option, fix in advance a record date for determining the registered owners of Senior Debt Securities entitled to take that action, but NEE Capital will not be obligated to do so. If NEE Capital fixes such a record date, that action may be taken before or after that record date, but only the registered owners of record at the close of business on that record date will be deemed to be registered owners of Senior Debt Securities for the purposes of determining whether registered owners of the required proportion of the outstanding Senior Debt Securities have authorized that action. For these purposes, the outstanding Senior Debt Securities will be computed as of the record date. Any action of a registered owner of any Senior Debt Security under the indenture will bind every future registered owner of that Senior Debt Security, or any Senior Debt Security replacing that Senior Debt Security, with respect to anything that the indenture trustee or NEE Capital do, fail to do, or allow to be done in reliance on that action, whether or not that action is noted upon that Senior Debt Security. (Indenture, Section 104). 
 Resignation and Removal of Indenture Trustee. The indenture trustee may resign at any time with respect to any series of Senior Debt Securities by giving written notice of its resignation to NEE Capital. Also, the registered owners of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding Senior Debt Securities of one or more series of Senior Debt Securities may remove the indenture trustee at any time with respect to the Senior Debt Securities of that series, by delivering an instrument evidencing this action to the indenture trustee and NEE Capital. The resignation or removal of the indenture trustee and the appointment of a successor trustee will not become effective until a successor trustee accepts its appointment. 
 Except with respect to a trustee under the indenture appointed by the registered owners of Senior Debt Securities, the indenture trustee will be deemed to have resigned and the successor will be deemed to have been appointed as trustee in accordance with the indenture if 
 (1) no event of default under the indenture or event that, after notice or lapse of time, or both, would become an event of default under the indenture exists, and 
 (2) NEE Capital has delivered to the indenture trustee a resolution of its Board of Directors appointing a successor trustee and that successor trustee has accepted that appointment in accordance with the terms of the indenture. (Indenture, Section 910). 
 Notices. Notices to registered owners of Senior Debt Securities will be sent by mail to the addresses of those registered owners as they appear in the security register for those Senior Debt Securities. (Indenture, Section 106). 
 Title. NEE Capital, the indenture trustee, and any agent of NEE Capital or the indenture trustee, may treat the person in whose name a Senior Debt Security is registered as the absolute owner of that Senior Debt Security, whether or not that Senior Debt Security is overdue, for the purpose of making payments and for all other purposes, regardless of any notice to the contrary. (Indenture, Section 308). 
 Governing Law. The indenture and the Senior Debt Securities are governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York, without regard to conflict of laws principles thereunder, except to the extent that the law of any other jurisdiction is mandatorily applicable. (Indenture, Section 112). 
 Book-Entry and Settlement 
 NEE Capital debentures which are released from the pledge following substitution of collateral or cash settlement of the purchase contracts will be issued in the form of one or more global certificates, which are referred to as global securities, registered in the name of the Depositary or its nominee. Except under the limited circumstances described below or except upon recreation of Corporate Units, NEE Capital debentures represented by the global securities will not be exchangeable for, and will not otherwise be issuable as, NEE Capital debentures in certificated form. The global securities described above may not be transferred except by the Depositary to a 
 53 
 DB1 134224079.5 

nominee of the Depositary or by a nominee of the Depositary to the Depositary or another nominee of the Depositary or to a successor depositary or its nominee. 
 Except as provided below, owners of beneficial interests in such a global security will not be entitled to receive physical delivery of NEE Capital debentures in certificated form and will not be considered the holders (as defined in the indenture) thereof for any purpose under the indenture, and no global security representing NEE Capital debentures shall be exchangeable, except for another global security of like denomination and tenor to be registered in the name of the Depositary or its nominee or a successor depositary or its nominee. Accordingly, each beneficial owner must rely on the procedures of the Depositary or if such person is not a participant, on the procedures of the participant through which such person owns its interest to exercise any rights of a holder under the indenture. 
 In the event that 
 the Depositary notifies NEE Capital that it is unwilling or unable to continue as a Depositary for the global security certificates and no successor depositary has been appointed within 90 days after this notice, 
 the Depositary at any time ceases to be a clearing agency registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 at which time the Depositary is required to be so registered to act as the Depositary and no successor depositary has been appointed within 90 days after NEE Capital learns that the Depositary has ceased to be so registered, or 
 NEE Capital determines in its sole discretion that it will no longer have NEE Capital debentures represented by global securities or permit any the global security certificates to be exchangeable, 
 certificates for the NEE Capital debentures will be printed and delivered in exchange for beneficial interests in the global security certificates. Any global debenture certificate that is exchangeable pursuant to the preceding sentence shall be exchangeable for NEE Capital debenture certificates registered in the names directed by the Depositary. NEE Capital expects that these instructions will be based upon directions received by the Depositary from its participants with respect to ownership of beneficial interests in the global security certificates. 
 DESCRIPTION OF NEE GUARANTEE 
 General. This section briefly summarizes some of the provisions of the Guarantee Agreement, dated as of June 1, 1999, between NEE and The Bank of New York Mellon, as guarantee trustee, referred to as the Guarantee Trustee. The Guarantee Agreement, referred to as the Guarantee Agreement, was executed for the benefit of the indenture trustee, which holds the Guarantee Agreement for the benefit of registered owners of the Senior Debt Securities covered by the Guarantee Agreement. This summary does not contain a complete description of the Guarantee Agreement. You should read this summary together with the Guarantee Agreement for a complete understanding of all the provisions. The Guarantee Agreement has previously been filed with the SEC and is an exhibit to the Form 10-K. In addition, the Guarantee Agreement is qualified as an indenture under the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 and is therefore subject to the provisions of the Trust Indenture Act of 1939. You should read the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 for a complete understanding of its provisions 
 Under the Guarantee Agreement, NEE absolutely, irrevocably and unconditionally guarantees the prompt and full payment, when due and payable (including upon acceleration or redemption), of the principal, interest and premium, if any, on the Senior Debt Securities that are covered by the Guarantee Agreement to the registered owners of those Senior Debt Securities, according to the terms of those Senior Debt Securities and the indenture. Pursuant to the Guarantee Agreement, all of the Senior Debt Securities are covered by the Guarantee Agreement except Senior Debt Securities that by their terms are expressly not entitled to the benefit of the Guarantee Agreement. All of the NEE Capital debentures will be covered by the Guarantee Agreement. This guarantee is referred to as the Guarantee. NEE is only required to make these payments if NEE Capital fails to pay or provide for punctual payment of any of those amounts on or before the expiration of any applicable grace periods. (Guarantee Agreement, Section 5.01). In the Guarantee Agreement, NEE has waived its right to require the 
 54 
 DB1 134224079.5 

Guarantee Trustee, the indenture trustee or the registered owners of Senior Debt Securities covered by the Guarantee Agreement to exhaust their remedies against NEE Capital prior to bringing suit against NEE. (Guarantee Agreement, Section 5.06). 
 The Guarantee is a guarantee of payment when due (i.e., the guaranteed party may institute a legal proceeding directly against NEE to enforce its rights under the Guarantee Agreement without first instituting a legal proceeding against any other person or entity). The Guarantee is not a guarantee of collection. (Guarantee Agreement, Section 5.01). 
 The covenants in the Guarantee Agreement would not give registered owners of the Senior Debt Securities covered by the Guarantee Agreement protection in the event of a highly-leveraged transaction involving NEE. 
 Security and Ranking. The Guarantee is an unsecured obligation of NEE and ranks equally and ratably with all other unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness of NEE. There is no limit on the amount of other indebtedness, including guarantees, that NEE may incur or issue. 
 While NEE is a holding company that derives substantially all of its income from its operating subsidiaries, NEE s subsidiaries are separate and distinct legal entities and have no obligation to make any payments under the Guarantee Agreement or to make any funds available for such payment. Therefore, the Guarantee effectively is subordinated to all indebtedness and other liabilities, including trade payables, debt and preferred stock, incurred or issued by NEE s subsidiaries. In addition to trade liabilities, many of NEE s operating subsidiaries incur debt in order to finance their business activities. All of this indebtedness will effectively be senior to the Guarantee. Neither the indenture nor the Guarantee Agreement places any limit on the amount of liabilities, including debt or preferred stock, that NEE s subsidiaries may issue, guarantee or incur. 
 Events of Default. An event of default under the Guarantee Agreement will occur upon the failure of NEE to perform any of its payment obligations under the Guarantee Agreement. (Guarantee Agreement, Section 1.01). The registered owners of a majority of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Senior Debt Securities covered by the Guarantee Agreement have the right to 
 (1) direct the time, method and place of conducting any proceeding for any remedy available to the Guarantee Trustee under the Guarantee Agreement, or 
 (2) direct the exercise of any trust or power conferred upon the Guarantee Trustee under the Guarantee Agreement. (Guarantee Agreement, Section 3.01). 
 The Guarantee Trustee must give notice of any event of default under the Guarantee Agreement known to the Guarantee Trustee to the registered owners of Senior Debt Securities covered by the Guarantee Agreement within 90 days after the occurrence of that event of default, in the manner and to the extent provided in subsection (c) of Section 313 of the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, unless such event of default has been cured or waived prior to the giving of such notice. (Guarantee Agreement, Section 2.07). The registered owners of all outstanding Senior Debt Securities may waive any past event of default and its consequences. (Guarantee Agreement, Section 2.06). 
 The Guarantee Trustee, the indenture trustee and the registered owners of Senior Debt Securities covered by the Guarantee Agreement have all of the rights and remedies available under applicable law and may sue to enforce the terms of the Guarantee Agreement and to recover damages for the breach of the Guarantee Agreement. The remedies of each of the Guarantee Trustee, the indenture trustee and the registered owners of Senior Debt Securities covered by the Guarantee Agreement, to the extent permitted by law, are cumulative and in addition to any other remedy now or hereafter existing at law or in equity. At the option of any of the Guarantee Trustee, the indenture trustee or the registered owners of Senior Debt Securities covered by the Guarantee Agreement, that person or entity may join NEE in any lawsuit commenced by that person or entity against NEE Capital with respect to any obligations under the Guarantee Agreement. Also, that person or entity may recover against NEE in that lawsuit, or in any independent lawsuit against NEE, without first asserting, prosecuting or exhausting any remedy or claim against NEE Capital. (Guarantee Agreement, Section 5.06). 
 55 
 DB1 134224079.5 

NEE is required to deliver to the Guarantee Trustee an annual statement as to its compliance with all conditions under the Guarantee Agreement. (Guarantee Agreement, Section 2.04). 
 Modification. NEE and the Guarantee Trustee may, without the consent of any registered owner of Senior Debt Securities covered by the Guarantee Agreement, agree to any changes to the Guarantee Agreement that do not materially adversely affect the rights of registered owners. The Guarantee Agreement also may be amended with the prior approval of the registered owners of a majority in aggregate principal amount of all outstanding Senior Debt Securities covered by the Guarantee Agreement. However, the right of any registered owner of Senior Debt Securities covered by the Guarantee Agreement to receive payment under the Guarantee Agreement on the due date of the Senior Debt Securities held by that registered owner, or to institute suit for the enforcement of that payment on or after that due date, may not be impaired or affected without the consent of that registered owner. (Guarantee Agreement, Section 6.01). 
 Termination of the Guarantee Agreement. The Guarantee Agreement will terminate and be of no further force and effect upon full payment of all Senior Debt Securities covered by the Guarantee Agreement. (Guarantee Agreement, Section 5.05). 
 Governing Law. The Guarantee Agreement is governed by and will be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without regard to conflict of laws principles thereunder, except to the extent that the law of any other jurisdiction is mandatorily applicable. (Guarantee Agreement, Section 5.07). 
 UNITED STATES FEDERAL INCOME TAX DISCUSSION 
 Unless otherwise stated, this discussion deals only with Equity Units, applicable ownership interests in NEE Capital debentures (or the Treasury portfolio, or Treasury securities) and NEE common stock held as capital assets (generally, assets held for investment) by holders that are U.S. persons (as defined below) that purchased Equity Units upon original issuance at their issue price, which equals the first price to the public at which a substantial amount of the Equity Units were sold for money (not including sales to bond houses, brokers or similar persons or organizations acting in the capacity of underwriters, placement agents or wholesalers). The tax treatment of a holder may vary depending on the holder s particular situation. This discussion does not address all of the tax consequences that may be relevant to holders that may be subject to special tax treatment such as, for example, banks, insurance companies, broker dealers, tax exempt organizations, foreign taxpayers, regulated investment companies, real estate investment trusts, controlled foreign corporations, passive foreign investment companies, persons subject to special tax accounting rules as a result of their use of applicable financial statements, persons holding Equity Units, applicable ownership interests in NEE Capital debentures (or the Treasury portfolio, or Treasury securities), or shares of NEE common stock as part of a straddle, hedge, conversion transaction or other integrated investment and persons whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar. This discussion does not address any aspects of state, local, or foreign tax laws. In addition, this discussion does not address all of the U.S. federal income tax considerations that may be relevant to holders, such as the Medicare contribution tax or U.S. federal tax laws other than those pertaining to income tax (such as the estate or gift tax), and the effect of those taxes on the ownership and disposition of the Equity Units, applicable ownership interests in NEE Capital debentures (or the Treasury portfolio, or Treasury securities) or NEE common stock acquired under a purchase contract. This discussion is based on the U.S. federal income tax laws, regulations, rulings and decisions in effect as of the date hereof, which are subject to change or differing interpretations, possibly on a retroactive basis. Holders should consult their own tax advisors as to the particular tax consequences to them of purchasing, owning, and disposing of the Equity Units, applicable ownership interests in NEE Capital debentures (or the Treasury portfolio, or Treasury securities) or NEE common stock acquired under a purchase contract, including the application and effect of U.S. federal, state, local and foreign tax laws. 
 For purposes of this discussion, the term U.S. person means 
 an individual who is a citizen or resident of the United States 
 a corporation (or any other entity treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes) created or organized in or under the laws of the United States or any state thereof or the District of Columbia 
 56 
 DB1 134224079.5 

an estate the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income taxation regardless of its source or 
 a trust if (a) a court within the United States is able to exercise primary supervision over the administration of the trust and one or more U.S. persons have the authority to control all substantial decisions of the trust or (b) the trust has in effect a valid election to be treated as a domestic trust for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
 A non-U.S. holder is a holder that is an individual, corporation, estate or trust that is not a U.S. person. 
 If a partnership (or any other entity or arrangement treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes) holds Equity Units, any component thereof including applicable ownership interests in NEE Capital debentures (or the Treasury portfolio, or Treasury securities), or any NEE common stock acquired under a purchase contract, the U.S. federal income tax treatment of a partner will generally depend upon the status of the partner and upon the activities of the partnership. Partners of partnerships holding any of the above instruments should consult their tax advisors. 
 The IRS has issued a ruling, Rev. Rul. 2003-97, 2003-2 C.B. 380, addressing certain aspects of instruments substantially similar to the Equity Units. In the ruling, the IRS concluded that the notes issued as part of a unit with a purchase contract were debt for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Pursuant to this ruling, NEE Capital reports the NEE Capital debentures issued as part of an Equity Unit with a purchase contract as indebtedness for U.S. federal income tax purposes. The remainder of this discussion assumes that the NEE Capital debentures will be respected as indebtedness for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
 Holders should consult their own tax advisors with respect to the tax consequences to them of purchasing, owning and disposing of the Equity Units, or any component thereof including applicable ownership interests in NEE Capital debentures (or the Treasury portfolio, or Treasury securities), and any NEE common stock acquired under a purchase contract, including the tax consequences under state, local, foreign and other tax laws and the possible effects of changes in the U.S. federal or other tax laws. 
 U.S. Holders 
 Allocation of Original Purchase Price 
 Each Equity Unit is treated as an investment unit consisting of two components, an applicable ownership interest in a NEE Capital debenture (or the Treasury portfolio, or Treasury securities) and a related purchase contract. For purpose of the original issue discount rules and initial tax basis calculations, the allocation of original issue purchase price between these components is determined based on the respective fair market values of these components at the time the Equity Units are originally issued for federal income tax purposes. NEE Capital reports the Equity Unit original issue date fair market value of the applicable ownership interest in the NEE Capital debenture as the NEE Capital Debenture Fair Market Value and Equity Unit original issue date fair market value of each purchase contract as 0. This position is binding upon holders (but not on the IRS) unless holders explicitly disclose a contrary position on a statement attached to their timely filed U.S. federal income tax returns for the taxable year in which an Equity Unit is first issued. Thus, absent such disclosure, holders should allocate the original issue purchase price for an Equity Unit for purposes of the original issue discount rules and initial tax basis calculations in accordance with the foregoing. The remainder of this discussion assumes that this allocation will be respected for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
 Ownership of Applicable Interests in the NEE Capital Debentures or Treasury Securities 
 Holders are treated as owning the applicable interests in NEE Capital debentures or Treasury securities constituting a part of the Corporate Units or Treasury Units, respectively, for U.S. federal income tax purposes. NEE, NEE Capital and, by virtue of their acquisition of Equity Units, holders agree to treat the applicable interests in the NEE Capital debentures or Treasury securities constituting a part of the Equity Units as owned by holders for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and the remainder of this discussion assumes such treatment. The U.S. federal income tax consequences of owning the applicable interests in the NEE Capital debentures or Treasury securities are 
 57 
 DB1 134224079.5 

discussed below (see NEE Capital Debentures, Treasury Securities and Remarketing, Special Event Redemption and Mandatory Redemption of NEE Capital Debentures ). 
 Sales, Exchanges or Other Taxable Dispositions of Equity Units 
 If holders sell, exchange or otherwise dispose of an Equity Unit in a taxable disposition (a disposition ), they will be treated as having sold, exchanged or disposed of each of the purchase contract and the applicable ownership interest in the NEE Capital debenture, or the applicable ownership interest in the Treasury portfolio or the Treasury securities, as the case may be, that constitute such Equity Unit, and the proceeds realized on such disposition will be allocated among the components of the Equity Unit in proportion to the respective fair market values of the components. As a result, a holder generally will recognize gain or loss equal to the difference between the portion of the proceeds received that is allocable to the component and the holder s adjusted tax basis in the applicable component, except to the extent the holder is treated as receiving an amount with respect to accrued interest, accrued contract adjustment payments or deferred contract adjustment payments on the purchase contract, which amount may be treated as ordinary income to the extent not previously included in income. In the case of the purchase contract, or the applicable ownership interest in the Treasury portfolio and Treasury securities, such gain or loss will generally be capital gain or loss, and such gain or loss generally will be long-term capital gain or loss if holders held the particular component for more than one year immediately prior to such disposition. Under U.S. federal income tax law, certain non-corporate holders, including individuals, are eligible for preferential tax rates with respect to long-term capital gains. The deductibility of capital losses is subject to certain limitations. The rules governing the determination of the character of gain or loss on the disposition of applicable ownership interests in NEE Capital debentures are summarized under NEE Capital Debentures Sales, Exchanges or Other Taxable Dispositions of Applicable Ownership Interests in NEE Capital Debentures. 
 If the disposition of an Equity Unit occurs when the purchase contract has a negative value, holders are considered to have received additional consideration for the applicable ownership interest in the NEE Capital debenture, or the applicable ownership interest in the Treasury portfolio or Treasury securities, as the case may be, in an amount equal to such negative value and to have paid such amount to be released from their obligation under the purchase contract. Because, as discussed below, any gain on the disposition of applicable ownership interests in NEE Capital debentures prior to the earlier of the reset effective date and the Purchase Contract Settlement Date (the Reset Date generally will be treated as ordinary interest income for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the ability to offset such interest income with a loss on the purchase contract may be limited. Holders should consult their tax advisors regarding a disposition of an Equity Unit at a time when the purchase contract has a negative value. 
 In determining gain or loss, contract adjustment payments or deferred contract adjustment payments that have been received by holders, but have not previously been included in their income, should either reduce their adjusted tax basis in the purchase contract or result in an increase in the amount realized on the disposition of the purchase contract. Any contract adjustment payments or deferred contract adjustment payments previously included in holders income but not received by the holders should increase their adjusted tax basis in the purchase contract (see Purchase Contracts Contract Adjustment Payments and Deferred Contract Adjustment Payments below). 
 NEE Capital Debentures 
 The discussion in this section will apply to holders if they hold applicable ownership interests in NEE Capital debentures or Corporate Units that include applicable ownership interests in NEE Capital debentures. 
 Original Issue Discount . Because of the manner in which the interest rate on the NEE Capital debentures is to be reset, the NEE Capital debentures are classified as contingent payment debt instruments subject to the noncontingent bond method for accruing OID, as set forth in the applicable Treasury Regulations. NEE Capital intends to treat the NEE Capital debentures in that manner, and the remainder of this discussion assumes that the NEE Capital debentures will be so treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes. As discussed more fully below, the effects of applying such method will be 
 to require holders, regardless of their usual method of tax accounting, to use an accrual method with respect to the interest income on their applicable ownership interests in NEE Capital debentures 
 58 
 DB1 134224079.5 

for all accrual periods until the Reset Date, and possibly for accrual periods thereafter with respect to applicable ownership interests in NEE Capital debentures, to require holders to accrue interest income in excess of interest payments actually received and 
 generally to result in ordinary, rather than capital, treatment of any gain or loss on the sale, exchange or other disposition of applicable ownership interests in NEE Capital debentures. 
 See Sales, Exchanges or Other Taxable Dispositions of Applicable Ownership Interests in NEE Capital Debentures. 
 Holders are required to accrue OID on a constant yield to maturity basis based on the comparable yield of the NEE Capital debentures. The comparable yield of the NEE Capital debentures is generally the rate at which NEE Capital would issue a fixed rate debt instrument with terms and conditions similar to the NEE Capital debentures (which rate will exceed the current interest payments on the NEE Capital debentures). NEE Capital has determined that, for the NEE Capital debentures, 
 (with respect to the 5.279 Corporate Units) the comparable yield is 2.00 and the projected payments, per 50 applicable ownership interest of NEE Capital debentures, are 0.2556 on the Initial Payment Date, 0.23 for each subsequent quarter ending on or prior to the Purchase Contract Settlement Date and 0.2143 for each semi-annual period ending after the Purchase Contract Settlement Date. NEE Capital has also determined (with respect to the 5.279 Corporate Units) that the projected payment for the NEE Capital debentures, per 50 applicable ownership interest of NEE Capital debentures, at the maturity date is 50.2143 (which includes the stated principal amount of the NEE Capital debentures as well as the final projected interest payment) 
 (with respect to the 6.219 Corporate Units) the comparable yield is 0.89 and the projected payments, per 50 applicable ownership interest of NEE Capital debentures, are 0.0516 on the Initial Payment Date, 0.0636 for each subsequent quarter ending on or prior to the Purchase Contract Settlement Date and 0.00 for each semi-annual period ending after the Purchase Contract Settlement Date. NEE Capital has also determined (with respect to the 6.219 Corporate Units) that the projected payment for the NEE Capital debentures, per 50 applicable ownership interest of NEE Capital debentures, at the maturity date is 50.00 (which includes the stated principal amount of the NEE Capital debentures as well as the final projected interest payment) and 
 (with respect to the 6.926 Corporate Units) the comparable yield is 4.60 and the projected payments, per 50 applicable ownership interest of NEE Capital debentures, are 0.46 on the Initial Payment Date, 0.58 for each subsequent quarter ending on or prior to the Purchase Contract Settlement Date and 0.76 for each semi-annual period ending after the Purchase Contract Settlement Date. NEE Capital has also determined (with respect to the 6.926 Corporate Units) that the projected payment for the NEE Capital debentures, per 50 applicable ownership interest of NEE Capital debentures, at the maturity date is 50.76 (which includes the stated principal amount of the NEE Capital debentures as well as the final projected interest payment) 
 The amount of OID on a NEE Capital debenture for each accrual period is determined by multiplying the comparable yield of the NEE Capital debenture (adjusted for the length of the accrual period) by the NEE Capital debenture s adjusted issue price at the beginning of the accrual period. Based on the allocation of the purchase price of each Corporate Unit described above, the adjusted issue price of each applicable ownership interest in a NEE Capital debenture, per 50 applicable ownership interest of NEE Capital debentures, at the beginning of the first accrual period will be the NEE Capital Debenture Fair Market Value, and the adjusted issue price of each applicable ownership interest in a NEE Capital debenture at the beginning of each subsequent accrual period will be equal to the NEE Capital Debenture Fair Market Value, increased by any OID previously accrued by holders on such applicable ownership interest in the NEE Capital debenture and decreased by the amount of projected payments on such applicable ownership interest in the NEE Capital debenture through such date. The amount of OID so determined will then be allocated on a ratable basis to each day in the accrual period that holders hold such applicable ownership interest in the NEE Capital debenture. 
 59 
 DB1 134224079.5 

If, after the Reset Date, the remaining amounts of principal and interest payable on an applicable ownership interest in NEE Capital debentures differ from the payments set forth on the applicable projected payment schedule, negative or positive adjustments reflecting such difference are generally taken into account by holders as adjustments to interest income in a reasonable manner over the period to which they relate. 
 A holder is generally bound by the comparable yield and projected payment schedules for applicable ownership interests in NEE Capital debentures provided by NEE Capital unless either is unreasonable. If a holder decides to use its own comparable yield and projected payment schedules, the holder must explicitly disclose this fact and the reason for using different comparable yield and projected payment schedules. In general, this disclosure must be made on a statement attached to the holder s timely filed U.S. federal income tax return for the taxable year that includes the date of the holder s acquisition of the applicable ownership interests in NEE Capital debentures. 
 The foregoing comparable yield and projected payment schedules are supplied by NEE Capital solely for computing income under the noncontingent bond method for U.S. federal income tax purposes and do not constitute projections or representations as to the amounts that holders will actually receive as a result of owning applicable ownership interests in NEE Capital debentures or Corporate Units. 
 Adjustment to Tax Basis in Applicable Ownership Interests in NEE Capital Debentures . A holder s tax basis in an applicable ownership interest in NEE Capital debentures will be increased by the amount of OID included in income with respect to such applicable ownership interest in NEE Capital debentures and decreased by the amount of projected payments with respect to such applicable ownership interest in NEE Capital debentures through the computation date. 
 Sales, Exchanges or Other Taxable Dispositions of Applicable Ownership Interests in NEE Capital Debentures . Holders will recognize gain or loss on a disposition of an applicable ownership interest in NEE Capital debentures (including a redemption for cash or the remarketing thereof) in an amount equal to the difference between the amount realized by holders on the disposition of the applicable ownership interest in NEE Capital debentures and their adjusted tax basis in the applicable ownership interest in NEE Capital debentures. Selling expenses incurred by holders, including the remarketing fee, will reduce the amount of gain or increase the amount of loss recognized by holders upon a disposition of applicable ownership interests in NEE Capital debentures. Gain recognized on the disposition of applicable ownership interests in NEE Capital debentures prior to the Reset Date will be treated as ordinary interest income. Loss recognized on the disposition of applicable ownership interests in NEE Capital debentures prior to the Reset Date will be treated as ordinary loss to the extent of the holders prior inclusions of OID on the applicable ownership interests in NEE Capital debentures. Any loss in excess of such amount will be treated as a capital loss. In general, gain recognized on the disposition of applicable ownership interests in NEE Capital debentures on or after the Reset Date will be ordinary interest income to the extent attributable to the remaining positive adjustments, if any, not already taken into account as positive adjustments to interest income under a reasonable manner as described above under Original Issue Discount. Any gain recognized in excess of such amount and any loss recognized on such a disposition will generally be treated as a capital gain or loss. Under U.S. federal income tax law, certain non-corporate holders, including individuals, are eligible for preferential tax rates in respect of long-term capital gains. The deductibility of capital losses is subject to certain limitations. 
 Treasury Securities 
 The discussion in this section will apply to holders that hold Treasury Units or Treasury securities. 
 Original Issue Discount . If holders hold Treasury Units, they will be required to treat their ownership interest in the Treasury securities included in a Treasury Unit as an interest in a bond that was originally issued on the date they acquired the Treasury securities. Any such Treasury securities that are owned or treated as owned by holders will have OID equal to the excess of the amount payable at maturity of such Treasury securities over the purchase price thereof. Holders are required to include such OID in income on a constant yield to maturity basis over the period between the purchase date of the Treasury securities and the maturity date of the Treasury securities, regardless of their regular method of tax accounting and in advance of the receipt of cash attributable to such OID. A holder s adjusted tax basis in the Treasury securities will be increased by the amounts of such OID included in such holder s gross income. 
 60 
 DB1 134224079.5 

Sales, Exchanges or Other Taxable Dispositions of Treasury Securities . As discussed below, in the event that holders obtain the release of Treasury securities by delivering applicable ownership interests in NEE Capital debentures to the collateral agent, holders generally will not recognize gain or loss upon such substitution. Holders will recognize gain or loss on a subsequent disposition of the Treasury securities in an amount equal to the difference between the amount realized by holders on such disposition and their adjusted tax basis in the Treasury securities. Such gain or loss generally will be capital gain or loss and generally will be long-term capital gain or loss if holders held such Treasury securities for more than one year immediately prior to such disposition. Under U.S. federal income tax law, certain non-corporate holders, including individuals, are eligible for preferential tax rates in respect of long-term capital gains. The deductibility of capital losses is subject to certain limitations. 
 Purchase Contracts 
 Contract Adjustment Payments and Deferred Contract Adjustment Payments . There is no direct authority addressing the treatment, under current law, of the contract adjustment payments or deferred contract adjustment payments, and such treatment is, therefore, unclear. Contract adjustment payments and deferred contract adjustment payments may constitute taxable ordinary income to holders when received or accrued, in accordance with their regular method of tax accounting. To the extent NEE is required to file information returns with respect to contract adjustment payments or deferred contract adjustment payments, it intends to report such payments as taxable ordinary income to holders. Holders should consult their tax advisors concerning the treatment of contract adjustment payments and deferred contract adjustment payments. 
 The treatment of contract adjustment payments and deferred contract adjustment payments could affect a holder s adjusted tax basis in a purchase contract or NEE common stock received under a purchase contract or the amount realized by a holder upon the sale or disposition of an Equity Unit or the termination of a purchase contract. In particular, any contract adjustment payments or deferred contract adjustment payments that have been 
 included in holders income, but not paid to them, should increase their adjusted tax basis in the purchase contract and 
 paid to holders, but not included in their income, should either reduce their adjusted tax basis in the purchase contract or result in an increase in the amount realized on the disposition of the purchase contract. 
 See Acquisition of NEE Common Stock Under a Purchase Contract, Sales, Exchanges or Other Taxable Dispositions of Equity Units and Termination of Purchase Contract. 
 Acquisition of NEE Common Stock Under a Purchase Contract . Holders generally will not recognize gain or loss on the purchase of NEE common stock under a purchase contract, including upon early settlement upon a fundamental change or any other early settlement, except with respect to any cash paid in lieu of a fractional share of NEE common stock. Holders aggregate initial tax basis in NEE common stock received under a purchase contract will generally equal the purchase price paid for such common stock, plus the properly allocable portion of their adjusted tax basis (if any) in the purchase contract, less the portion of such purchase price and adjusted tax basis allocable to the fractional share. The holding period for NEE common stock received under a purchase contract will commence on the day following the acquisition of such common stock. 
 Ownership of NEE Common Stock Acquired Under the Purchase Contract . Any distribution on NEE common stock paid by NEE out of its current or accumulated earnings and profits (as determined for U.S. federal income tax purposes) will constitute a dividend and will be includible in income by holders when received. Any such dividend will be eligible for the dividends received deduction if the holder is an otherwise qualifying corporate holder that meets the holding period and other requirements for the dividends received deduction. Under U.S. federal income tax law, individuals who receive dividends are eligible for a reduced rate of taxation if certain holding period and other requirements are satisfied. 
 Upon a disposition of NEE common stock, holders generally will recognize capital gain or loss equal to the difference between the amount realized and their adjusted tax basis in NEE common stock. Such capital gain or loss 
 61 
 DB1 134224079.5 

generally will be long-term capital gain or loss if they held such common stock for more than one year immediately prior to such disposition. Under U.S. federal income tax law, certain non-corporate holders, including individuals, are eligible for preferential tax rates in respect of long-term capital gains. The deductibility of capital losses is subject to certain limitations. 
 Early Settlement of Purchase Contract . Holders will not recognize gain or loss on the receipt of their proportionate share of applicable interests in NEE Capital debentures or Treasury securities or the applicable ownership interest in a Treasury portfolio upon early settlement of a purchase contract, and holders will have the same adjusted tax basis in such applicable interests in NEE Capital debentures, Treasury securities or the applicable ownership interest in a Treasury portfolio as before such early settlement. 
 Termination of Purchase Contract . If a purchase contract terminates, holders will recognize gain or loss equal to the difference between the amount realized (if any) upon such termination and their adjusted tax basis (if any) in the purchase contract at the time of such termination. Such gain or loss generally will be capital gain or loss and generally will be long-term capital gain or loss if holders held such purchase contract for more than one year immediately prior to such termination. Under U.S. federal income tax law, certain non-corporate holders, including individuals, are eligible for preferential tax rates in respect of long-term capital gains. The deductibility of capital losses is subject to certain limitations. A holder will not recognize gain or loss on the receipt of the holder s proportionate share of applicable ownership interests in NEE Capital debentures or Treasury securities or the applicable ownership interest in a Treasury portfolio upon termination of the purchase contract and will have the same adjusted tax basis in the applicable ownership interests in NEE Capital debentures, Treasury securities or the applicable ownership interest in a Treasury portfolio as before such distribution. 
 Adjustment to Settlement Rate . A holder might be treated as receiving a constructive distribution from NEE if (1) the settlement rate is adjusted (or fails to be adjusted) and as a result of that adjustment (or failure to adjust) such holder s proportionate interest in NEE s assets or earnings and profits is increased and (2) the adjustment (or failure to adjust) is not made pursuant to a bona fide, reasonable anti-dilution formula. An adjustment in the settlement rate would not be considered made pursuant to such a formula if the adjustment were made to compensate a holder for certain taxable distributions with respect to NEE common stock. Thus, under certain circumstances, an adjustment to (or a failure to adjust) the settlement rate might give rise to a taxable dividend to a holder even though such holder would not receive any distribution related thereto. 
 Substitution of Treasury Securities to Create or Recreate Treasury Units 
 Holders of Corporate Units that deliver Treasury securities to the collateral agent in substitution for applicable ownership interests in the NEE Capital debentures or the applicable ownership interest in a Treasury portfolio will not recognize gain or loss upon their delivery of such Treasury securities or their receipt of the applicable ownership interest in NEE Capital debentures or the applicable ownership interest in a Treasury portfolio. Holders will continue to take into account items of income or deduction otherwise includible or deductible, respectively, by holders with respect to such Treasury securities and such applicable ownership interests in NEE Capital debentures or the applicable ownership interest in a Treasury portfolio, and their adjusted tax bases in the Treasury securities, the applicable ownership interests in NEE Capital debentures or the applicable ownership interest in a Treasury portfolio and the purchase contract will not be affected by such delivery and release. 
 Substitution of Applicable Ownership Interests in NEE Capital Debentures or the Applicable Ownership Interest in a Treasury Portfolio to Recreate Corporate Units 
 Holders of Treasury Units that deliver applicable ownership interests in NEE Capital debentures or the applicable ownership interest in a Treasury portfolio to the collateral agent in substitution for Treasury securities to recreate Corporate Units will not recognize gain or loss upon their delivery of such applicable ownership interests in NEE Capital debentures or the applicable ownership interest in a Treasury portfolio or their receipt of the Treasury securities. Holders will continue to take into account items of income or deduction otherwise includible or deductible, respectively, by holders with respect to such Treasury securities and applicable ownership interests in NEE Capital debentures or the applicable ownership interest in a Treasury portfolio, and their adjusted tax bases in the Treasury securities, applicable ownership interests in the NEE Capital debentures or the applicable ownership interest in a Treasury portfolio and the purchase contract will not be affected by such delivery and release. 
 62 
 DB1 134224079.5 

Remarketing, Special Event Redemption and Mandatory Redemption of NEE Capital Debentures 
 A remarketing, a special event redemption or a mandatory redemption will be a taxable event for holders of applicable ownership interests in NEE Capital debentures, which will be subject to tax in the manner described above under NEE Capital Debentures Sales, Exchanges or Other Taxable Dispositions of Applicable Ownership Interests in NEE Capital Debentures. 
 Ownership of Treasury Portfolio . In the event of a successful remarketing of the NEE Capital debentures, a special event redemption prior to the Purchase Contract Settlement Date or a mandatory redemption prior to the Purchase Contract Settlement Date (if the purchase contracts have not been so previously or concurrently terminated), NEE Capital and, by virtue of their acquisition of Corporate Units, holders agree to treat the applicable ownership interest in the Treasury portfolio constituting a part of their Corporate Units as owned by holders for U.S. federal income tax purposes. In such a case, holders will be required to include in income any amount earned on such pro rata portion of the Treasury portfolio for U.S. federal income tax purposes. The remainder of this discussion assumes that holders of Corporate Units will be treated as the owners of the applicable ownership interest in the Treasury portfolio constituting a part of such Corporate Units for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
 Interest Income and Original Issue Discount . The Treasury portfolio will consist of U.S. Treasury securities (or principal or interest strips thereof). Following a successful remarketing of the NEE Capital debentures, a special event redemption prior to the Purchase Contract Settlement Date or a mandatory redemption prior to the Purchase Contract Settlement Date, holders will be required to treat their pro rata portion of each U.S. Treasury security in the Treasury portfolio as a bond that was originally issued on the date the collateral agent acquired the relevant U.S. Treasury securities and that has OID equal to their pro rata portion of the excess of the amounts payable on such U.S. Treasury securities over the value of the U.S. Treasury securities at the time the collateral agent acquires them on behalf of holders of Corporate Units. Holders will be required to include such OID (other than OID on short-term U.S. Treasury securities (as defined below)) in income for U.S. federal income tax purposes as it accrues on a constant yield to maturity basis, regardless of their regular method of tax accounting. To the extent that a payment from the Treasury portfolio made in respect of a scheduled interest payment on remarketed or redeemed applicable ownership interests in NEE Capital debentures exceeds the amount of such OID, such payment will be treated as a return of a holder s investment in the Treasury portfolio and will not be considered current income for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
 In the case of any U.S. Treasury security with a maturity of one year or less from the date of its issue (a short-term U.S. Treasury Security ), holders will generally be required to include OID in income as it accrues only if they are accrual basis taxpayers. If holders are accrual basis taxpayers, they will generally accrue such OID on a straight line basis, unless they make an election to accrue such OID on a constant yield to maturity basis. 
 Tax Basis of the Applicable Ownership Interest in a Treasury Portfolio . The initial tax basis of holders in their applicable ownership interest in a Treasury portfolio will equal their pro rata portion of the amount paid by the collateral agent for the Treasury portfolio. A holder s adjusted tax basis in the applicable ownership interest in the Treasury portfolio will be increased by the amount of OID included in income with respect thereto and decreased by the amount of cash received in respect of the Treasury portfolio. 
 Sales, Exchanges or Other Dispositions of the Applicable Ownership Interest in a Treasury Portfolio . Holders that obtain the release of their applicable ownership interest in a Treasury portfolio and subsequently dispose of such interest will recognize gain or loss on such disposition in an amount equal to the difference between the amount realized upon such disposition and such holders adjusted tax basis in the applicable ownership interest in that Treasury portfolio. Such gain or loss generally will be capital gain or loss and generally will be long-term capital gain or loss if holders held such applicable interest in the Treasury portfolio for more than one year immediately prior to such disposition. Under U.S. federal income tax law, certain non-corporate holders, including individuals, are eligible for preferential tax rates in respect of long-term capital gains. The deductibility of capital losses is subject to certain limitations. 
 63 
 DB1 134224079.5 

Backup Withholding Tax and Information Reporting 
 Unless holders are exempt recipients, such as corporations, interest, OID, contract adjustment payments or deferred contract adjustment payments, and dividends received on, and proceeds received from the sale of, Equity Units, applicable ownership interests in NEE Capital debentures, purchase contracts, Treasury securities, the applicable ownership interest in a Treasury portfolio, or NEE common stock acquired under a purchase contract, as the case may be, may be subject to information reporting and may also be subject to U.S. federal backup withholding tax if holders fail to supply accurate taxpayer identification numbers or otherwise fail to comply with applicable U.S. information reporting or certification requirements. 
 The amount of any backup withholding from a payment to a holder will be allowed as a credit against the holder s U.S. federal income tax liability and may entitle the holder to a refund, provided that the required information is timely and properly furnished to the IRS. 
 Additional Disclosure Requirements 
 If a holder sells Equity Units, applicable ownership interests in the NEE Capital debentures, the applicable ownership interest in the Treasury portfolio, Treasury securities, or NEE common stock at a loss that meets certain thresholds, the holder (and or the partners or shareholders of the holder, if the holder is a partnership or an S corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes) may be required to file a disclosure statement with the IRS. Holders and their partners or shareholders should consult their own tax advisors with respect to any disclosure requirements that may apply to them in their own particular circumstances. 
 Non-U.S. Holders 
 The following discussion applies to non-U.S. holders as defined above. This discussion does not address all aspects of U.S. federal income tax law that may be relevant to non-U.S. holders in light of their particular circumstances, such as non-U.S. holders that are subject to special tax treatment (for example, persons engaged in a trade or business in the United States, controlled foreign corporations, or passive foreign investment companies), nor does it address alternative minimum taxes, estate taxes or state, local, or foreign taxes. In addition, this discussion does not address the U.S. tax consequences to any non-U.S. holder that owns 10 or more of the Equity Units or that owns or is deemed to own, for purposes of Section 871(h) of the Code, 10 or more of the total combined voting power of all classes of NEE s stock entitled to vote. Prospective investors that are subject to special tax treatment, and investors that own 10 or more of the Equity Units, or own or are deemed to own, for purposes of Section 871(h)(3) of the Code, 10 or more of the total combined voting power of all classes of NEE s stock entitled to vote, are urged to consult their own tax advisors with respect to the U.S. federal income tax consequences to them of an investment in the Equity Units, in light of their own particular circumstances. 
 Payments of Principal and Interest on Applicable Ownership Interests in NEE Capital Debentures, Treasury Securities, and the Applicable Ownership Interest in the Treasury Portfolio 
 Except as provided below under Backup Withholding and Information Reporting and Additional Withholding Requirements, no U.S. withholding tax will be imposed on any payment of interest (including any OID) on applicable ownership interests in NEE Capital debentures, Treasury securities or the applicable ownership interest in the Treasury portfolio, under the portfolio interest rule provided that (1) interest paid is not effectively connected with the non-U.S. holder s conduct of a trade or business in the U.S., (2) the non-U.S. holder is not a controlled foreign corporation related to NEE through stock ownership, (3) the non-U.S. holder is not a bank whose receipt of interest is described in Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (4) in the case of applicable ownership interests in NEE Capital debentures, the non-U.S. holder does not own, either directly or through the application of certain constructive ownership rules, 10 or more of the total combined voting power of all classes of NEE s voting stock for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and (5) (a) the non-U.S. holder provides a properly executed IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E (or suitable substitute form) and the payor does not have actual knowledge or reason to know that the non-U.S. holder is a U.S. person, or (b) if the non-U.S. holder is a foreign partnership or holds the Equity Units, applicable ownership interests in NEE Capital debentures, Treasury securities, or the applicable ownership in a Treasury portfolio through certain foreign intermediaries, certain alternative certification requirements are satisfied. 
 64 
 DB1 134224079.5 

If a non-U.S. holder cannot satisfy the requirements described above for the portfolio interest rule , payments of interest (including OID) made to such non-U.S. holder will be subject to a 30 U.S. federal withholding tax, unless the non-U.S. holder provides the applicable withholding agent with a properly executed IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E (or suitable substitute form) claiming an exemption from, or reduction in the rate of, withholding under the benefit of an applicable tax treaty or IRS Form W-8ECI (or suitable substitute form) stating that interest paid on applicable ownership interests in NEE Capital debentures, Treasury securities or the applicable ownership interest in the Treasury portfolio is not subject to withholding tax because it is effectively connected with the non-U.S. holder s conduct of a trade or business in the U.S. 
 The 30 U.S. federal withholding tax generally will not apply to any payment of principal on applicable ownership interests in NEE Capital debentures, Treasury securities or the applicable ownership interest in the Treasury portfolio. 
 Dividends 
 Dividends received by a non-U.S. holder on NEE common stock generally will be subject to U.S. withholding tax at a 30 rate. In certain circumstances, a non-U.S. holder may be entitled to a reduced rate of withholding pursuant to an applicable income tax treaty. In order to claim the benefits of an applicable income tax treaty, a non-U.S. holder will be required to provide a properly executed IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E (or suitable substitute form). 
 As discussed above, an adjustment to the settlement rate may result in a constructive distribution that is treated as a taxable constructive dividend to the holder of Equity Units. See U.S. Holders Purchase Contracts Adjustment to Settlement Rate. If NEE determines that any such adjustment results in a constructive dividend to a non-U.S. holder of Equity Units, NEE may withhold on interest (or some other amount) paid to a non-U.S. holder in order to pay the proper U.S. withholding tax on such constructive dividend. 
 Contract Adjustment Payments 
 NEE intends to treat any contract adjustment payments paid to a non-U.S. holder as amounts generally subject to U.S. withholding tax at a 30 rate. In certain circumstances, a non-U.S. holder may be entitled to a reduced rate of withholding (or a complete exemption from withholding) pursuant to an applicable income tax treaty. In order to claim any benefits of an applicable income tax treaty that may be available, a non-U.S. holder will be required to provide a properly executed IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E (or suitable substitute form). Prospective investors should consult their own tax advisors concerning the U.S. tax treatment of contract adjustment payments. 
 Sale, Exchange, or Other Disposition of Equity Units, Applicable Ownership Interests in NEE Capital Debentures, Purchase Contracts, Treasury Securities, the Applicable Ownership Interest in the Treasury Portfolio or NEE Common Stock 
 Except as provided below under Backup Withholding and Information Reporting, any gain recognized by a non-U.S. holder upon the sale, exchange, or other disposition of Equity Units, applicable ownership interests in NEE Capital Debentures, purchase contracts, Treasury securities, the applicable ownership interest in the Treasury portfolio, or NEE common stock generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax, unless (1) the non-U.S. holder is an individual who is present in the United States for 183 days or more during the taxable year in which the disposition takes place and certain other conditions are met or (2) in the case of purchase contracts or shares of NEE s common stock, such purchase contracts or shares of NEE s common stock are considered United States real property interests for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Purchase contracts or NEE common stock generally will be treated as United States real property interests if NEE is (or, during a specified period, has been) a United States real property holding corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes. NEE believes that it has not been and currently is not a United States real property holding corporation, and NEE does not expect to become one in the future based on anticipated business operations. 
 65 
 DB1 134224079.5 

Backup Withholding and Information Reporting 
 In general, no information reporting or backup withholding will be required with respect to payments made by NEE on the Equity Units or applicable ownership interests in the NEE Capital debentures if the non-U.S. holder has provided NEE with a properly executed IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E (or suitable substitute form) and NEE does not have actual knowledge or reason to know that the non-U.S. holder is a U.S. person. In addition, no information reporting or backup withholding will be required with respect to proceeds from a disposition of Equity Units, applicable ownership interests in NEE Capital debentures, Treasury securities, the applicable ownership interest in the Treasury portfolio, or NEE common stock (even if the disposition is considered to be effected within the United States or through a U.S. financial intermediary) if the payor receives a properly executed IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E (or suitable substitute form) and does not have actual knowledge or reason to know that the non-U.S. holder is a U.S. person, or an exemption is otherwise established. Any amounts withheld under the backup withholding tax rules will be creditable against the non-U.S. holder s U.S. federal income tax liability, or allowed as a refund, provided that the required information is timely and properly provided to the IRS. 
 Additional Withholding Requirements 
 Pursuant to the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act, or FATCA, and the Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder, the relevant withholding agent may be required to withhold 30 of any withholdable payments, which would include any interest (including OID), dividends and contract adjustment payments to (1) a foreign financial institution unless such foreign financial institution agrees to verify, report and disclose its holders of U.S. accounts and meets certain other specified requirements or (2) a non-financial foreign entity that is the beneficial owner of the payment unless such entity certifies that it does not have any substantial U.S. owners or provides the name, address and taxpayer identification number of each substantial U.S. owner and such entity meets certain other specified requirements. Under certain circumstances, a non-U.S. holder may be eligible for refunds or credits of the tax. An intergovernmental agreement between the United States and an applicable foreign country may modify the requirements described in this paragraph. Prospective non-U.S. holders should consult with their own tax advisors regarding the possible implications of FATCA on their investment in the Equity Units. 
 
 66 
 DB1 134224079.5 

Annex A 
 5.279 Corporate Units 6.219 Corporate Units 6.926 Corporate Units Closing Date February 21, 2020 September 18, 2020 September 19, 2022 Contract Adjustment Annualized Amount 1.7195 2.855 1.163 Contract Adjustment Rate 3.439 5.710 2.326 Corporate Unit Aggregate Rate 5.279 6.219 6.926 Day Before the Three Month Date November 30, 2022 May 31, 2023 May 31, 2025 Fundamental Change Early Settlement Table High Price (1) 500 600 400 Fundamental Change Early Settlement Table Low Price (1) 25 25 10 Initial Interest Annualized Amount 0.92 0.2545 2.30 Initial Interest Rate 1.84 0.509 4.60 Initial Payment Date June 1, 2020 December 1, 2020 December 1, 2022 Maximum Settlement Rate (2) 0.7132 0.6802 0.5626 Minimum Number 100,000 400,000 4,000 Minimum Settlement Rate (2) 0.5703 0.5442 0.4500 
 67 
 DB1 134224079.5 

NEE Capital Debenture Fair Market Value 48.75 48.60 48.75 NEE Capital Debenture Maturity Date March 1, 2025 September 1, 2025 September 1, 2027 NEE Capital Related Debenture NEE Capital Series K Debenture due March 1, 2025 NEE Capital Series L Debenture due September 1, 2025 NEE Capital Series M Debenture due September 1, 2027 Purchase Contract Settlement Date March 1, 2023 September 1, 2023 September 1, 2025 Reference Dividend (2) 0.35 0.35 0.425 Reference Price (2) 70.11 73.51 88.88 Six Month Date September 1, 2022 March 1, 2023 March 1, 2025 Tax Event Measurement Date February 19, 2020 September 16, 2020 September 14, 2022 Three Month Date December 1, 2022 June 1, 2023 June 1, 2025 Threshold Appreciation Price (2) 87.64 91.89 111.10 Treasury Portfolio Maturity Deadline February 28, 2023 August 31, 2023 August 31, 2025 Zero-Coupon CUSIP CUSIP No. 9128284A5 CUSIP No. 9128284X5 CUSIP No. 912821AL9 
 Notes to Table 
 (1) See Note (a) to the Fundamental Change Early Settlement Tables below. 
 (2) As a result of the four-for-one stock split of NEE s common stock effective in October 2020 2020 stock split and other adjustments related to the dividend rate, the fixed settlement rates and the reference dividends with respect to the 5.279 Corporate Units and the 6.219 Corporate Units set forth in the preceding table have been adjusted. In addition, the applicable market value for the 5.279 Corporate Units and the 6.219 Corporate Units will also be adjusted (when determined) to give effect to the 2020 stock split and certain other anti-dilution adjustments to determine the applicable settlement rate. However, for purposes of the presentation above, corresponding adjustments were instead made to the reference prices and the threshold appreciation prices for the 
 68 
 DB1 134224079.5 

5.279 Corporate Units and the 6.219 Corporate Units to present the practical effect of the anti-dilution adjustments as of the Description Date. 
 
 Fundamental Change Early Settlement Table for 5.279 Equity Units (a) 
 Effective Date Stock Price February 21, 2020 March 1, 2021 March 1, 2022 March 1, 2023 25.00 0.1829 0.1540 0.0907 0.0000 50.00 0.0901 0.0761 0.0449 0.0000 100.00 0.0437 0.0372 0.0220 0.0000 150.00 0.0281 0.0242 0.0144 0.0000 200.00 0.0186 0.0166 0.0104 0.0000 250.00 0.0083 0.0075 0.0046 0.0000 282.04 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 300.00 0.0078 0.0064 0.0028 0.0000 325.00 0.0156 0.0136 0.0088 0.0000 352.55 0.0228 0.0203 0.0145 0.0000 400.00 0.0165 0.0138 0.0081 0.0000 450.00 0.0123 0.0099 0.0054 0.0000 500.00 0.0097 0.0078 0.0044 0.0000 
 
 Fundamental Change Early Settlement Table for 6.219 Equity Units (a) 
 Effective Date Stock Price September 18, 2020 September 1, 2021 September 1, 2022 September 1, 2023 25.00 0.2832 0.1839 0.0890 0.0000 50.00 0.1336 0.0877 0.0431 0.0000 100.00 0.0633 0.0420 0.0209 0.0000 150.00 0.0389 0.0263 0.0135 0.0000 250.00 0.0110 0.0052 0.0010 0.0000 295.70 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 325.00 0.0124 0.0072 0.0024 0.0000 369.63 0.0251 0.0199 0.0142 0.0000 400.00 0.0219 0.0168 0.0109 0.0000 450.00 0.0178 0.0129 0.0072 0.0000 500.00 0.0148 0.0103 0.0052 0.0000 550.00 0.0125 0.0085 0.0041 0.0000 600.00 0.0108 0.0072 0.0034 0.0000 
 
 69 
 DB1 134224079.5 

Fundamental Change Early Settlement Table for 6.926 Equity Units 
 Effective Date Stock Price September 19, 2022 September 1, 2023 September 1, 2024 September 1, 2025 10.00 0.9203 0.6378 0.3262 0.0000 20.00 0.4445 0.3084 0.1578 0.0000 30.00 0.2838 0.1981 0.1016 0.0000 45.00 0.1658 0.1190 0.0635 0.0000 60.00 0.0914 0.0652 0.0378 0.0000 88.88 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 100.00 0.0406 0.0249 0.0095 0.0000 111.10 0.0738 0.0587 0.0414 0.0000 125.00 0.0584 0.0444 0.0271 0.0000 150.00 0.0407 0.0294 0.0155 0.0000 175.00 0.0299 0.0212 0.0109 0.0000 200.00 0.0227 0.0161 0.0083 0.0000 225.00 0.0174 0.0124 0.0065 0.0000 250.00 0.0132 0.0094 0.0050 0.0000 300.00 0.0070 0.0051 0.0027 0.0000 350.00 0.0025 0.0020 0.0011 0.0000 400.00 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 
 
 Note to Fundamental Change Early Settlement Tables 
 (a) Although the Corporate Units provide that the stock prices and make-whole amounts in the tables will be adjusted upon the occurrence of certain events requiring adjustment to each fixed settlement rate, for purposes of the presentation above the stock prices and make-whole amounts have not been adjusted. 
 III. JUNIOR SUBORDINATED DEBENTURES 
 DESCRIPTION OF THE NEE CAPITAL JUNIOR SUBORDINATED DEBENTURES AND NEE JUNIOR SUBORDINATED GUARANTEE 
 This section briefly summarizes some of the terms of the Junior Subordinated Debentures, NEE s junior subordinated guarantee of the Junior Subordinated Debentures (the Junior Subordinated Guarantee ), and some of the provisions of the Junior Subordinated Indenture (as defined below). This summary does not contain a complete description of the Junior Subordinated Debentures, the Junior Subordinated Guarantee or the Junior Subordinated Indenture. You should read this summary together with the Junior Subordinated Indenture and the officer s certificates creating the Junior Subordinated Debentures and the Junior Subordinated Guarantee for a complete understanding of all the provisions and for the definitions of some terms used in this summary. The Junior Subordinated Indenture which includes the Junior Subordinated Guarantee and the officer s certificates creating the specific terms of the Junior Subordinated Debentures have previously been filed with the SEC, and are exhibits to the Form 10-K. In addition, the Subordinated Indenture is qualified under the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 and therefore subject to the provisions of the Trust Indenture Act of 1939. You should read the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 for a complete understanding of its provisions. 
 General . NEE Capital has issued 687,500,000 aggregate principal amount of its Series N Junior Subordinated Debentures due March 1, 2079 (the Junior Subordinated Debentures ). The Junior Subordinated Debentures were issued under an indenture, dated as of September 1, 2006, as amended, referred to as the Junior Subordinated Indenture, among NEE Capital, NEE, as guarantor, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as 
 70 
 DB1 134224079.5 

subordinated indenture trustee, referred to as Subordinated Indenture Trustee. An officer s certificate supplemented the Junior Subordinated Indenture and created the specific terms of the Junior Subordinated Debentures. Under the Junior Subordinated Indenture, NEE Capital may issue an unlimited amount of additional unsecured subordinated debt securities. The Junior Subordinated Debentures and all other unsecured subordinated debentures, or other debt of NEE Capital issued previously or hereinafter under the Junior Subordinated Indenture are collectively referred to as Junior Subordinated Indenture Securities. The Subordinated Indenture does not limit the aggregate amount of indebtedness that NEE Capital, NEE or their respective subsidiaries may issue, guarantee or otherwise incur. 
 The Junior Subordinated Debentures were issued in minimum denominations of 25 and integral multiples thereof. NEE Capital s corporate parent, NEE, unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees the payment of principal, interest and premium, if any, on the Junior Subordinated Debentures. See Junior Subordinated Guarantee of Junior Subordinated Debentures. All Junior Subordinated Debentures of one series need not be issued at the same time, and a series may be re-opened for issuances of additional NEE Capital Subordinated Debentures. This means that NEE Capital may from time to time, without notice to, or the consent of any existing holders of the previously-issued Junior Subordinated Debentures of a particular series, create and issue additional Junior Subordinated Debentures. Such additional Junior Subordinated Debentures will have the same terms as the previously-issued Junior Subordinated Debentures in all respects except for the issue date and, if applicable, the initial interest payment date. The additional Junior Subordinated Debentures will be consolidated and form a single series with the previously-issued Junior Subordinated Debentures. 
 The Subordinated Indenture Trustee is initially the security registrar and the paying agent for the Junior Subordinated Debentures. All transactions with respect to the Junior Subordinated Debentures, including registration, transfer and exchange of the Junior Subordinated Debentures, will be handled by the security registrar at an office in New York City designated by NEE Capital. NEE Capital has initially designated the corporate trust office of the Subordinated Indenture Trustee as that office. In addition, holders of the Junior Subordinated Debentures should address any notices to NEE Capital regarding the Junior Subordinated Debentures to that office. NEE Capital will notify holders of the Junior Subordinated Debentures of any change in the location of that office. 
 Interest and Payment . NEE Capital will pay interest quarterly on the Junior Subordinated Debentures at the rate of 5.65 per year. The Junior Subordinated Debentures will mature on March 1, 2079. NEE Capital will pay interest on the Junior Subordinated Debentures on March 1, June 1, September 1 and December 1 of each year, each such date referred to as an interest payment date, until maturity or earlier redemption. The first interest payment date on the Subordinated Debentures was June 1, 2019. The record date for interest payable on any interest payment date for the Junior Subordinated Debentures is the close of business on (1) the business day immediately preceding such interest payment date so long as all of the Junior Subordinated Debentures remain in book-entry only form, or (2) the 15th calendar day immediately preceding such interest payment date if any of the Junior Subordinated Debentures do not remain in book-entry only form. See Book-Entry Only Issuance. Interest on the Junior Subordinated Debentures accrued from and including the date of original issuance to but excluding the first interest payment date. Starting on the first interest payment date, interest on each Junior Subordinated Debenture will accrue from and including the last interest payment date to which NEE Capital has paid, or duly provided for the payment of, interest on that Junior Subordinated Debenture to but excluding the next succeeding interest payment date. No interest will accrue on a Junior Subordinated Debenture for the day that the Junior Subordinated Debenture matures. The amount of interest payable for any period will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months. The amount of interest payable for any period shorter than a full quarterly period for which interest is computed will be computed on the basis of the number of days in the period using 30-day calendar months. If any date on which interest, principal or premium, if any, is payable on the Junior Subordinated Debentures falls on a day that is not a business day, then payment of the interest, principal or premium payable on that date will be made on the next succeeding day which is a business day, and no interest will be paid or other payment made in respect of such delay. A business day is any day that is not a Saturday, a Sunday, or a day on which banking institutions or trust companies in New York City are generally authorized or required by law or executive order to remain closed. 
 In this Description of the NEE Capital Junior Subordinated Debentures and NEE Junior Subordinated Guarantee the term interest includes quarterly interest payments and applicable interest on interest payments accrued but not paid on the applicable interest payment date. 
 71 
 DB1 134224079.5 

Ranking of the Junior Subordinated Debentures and the Junior Subordinated Guarantee. NEE Capital s payment obligations under the Junior Subordinated Debentures are unsecured and rank junior and are subordinated in right of payment and upon liquidation to all of NEE Capital s Senior Indebtedness, and NEE s payment obligation under the Junior Subordinated Guarantee is unsecured and ranks junior and is subordinated in right of payment and upon liquidation to all of NEE s Senior Indebtedness. However, the Junior Subordinated Debentures and the Junior Subordinated Guarantee ranks equally in right of payment with any Pari Passu Securities. 
 Senior Indebtedness, when used with respect to NEE Capital or NEE, means all of NEE Capital s or NEE s obligations, as the case may be, whether presently existing or from time to time hereafter incurred, created, assumed or existing, to pay principal, premium, interest, penalties, fees and any other payment in respect of any of the following 
 obligations for borrowed money, including without limitation, such obligations as are evidenced by credit agreements, notes, debentures, bonds or other securities or instruments 
 capitalized lease obligations 
 all obligations of the types referred to in the two preceding bullet points of others which NEE or NEE Capital, as the case may be, has assumed, endorsed, guaranteed, contingently agreed to purchase or provide funds for the payment of, or otherwise becomes liable for, under any agreement or 
 all renewals, extensions or refundings of obligations of the kinds described in any of the preceding categories. 
 Any such obligation, indebtedness, renewal, extension or refunding, however, will not be Senior Indebtedness if the instrument creating or evidencing it or the assumption or guarantee of it provides that it is not superior in right of payment to or is equal in right of payment with the Junior Subordinated Debentures or the Junior Subordinated Guarantee, as the case may be. Furthermore, trade accounts payable and accrued liabilities arising in the ordinary course of business will not be Senior Indebtedness. Senior Indebtedness will be entitled to the benefits of the subordination provisions in the Junior Subordinated Indenture irrespective of the amendment, modification or waiver of any term of the Senior Indebtedness. 
 No payment of the principal (including redemption and sinking fund payments) of, or interest, or premium, if any, on the Junior Subordinated Debentures of any series may be made by NEE Capital until all holders of Senior Indebtedness have been paid in full (or provision has been made for such payment), if any of the following occurs 
 certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization of NEE Capital 
 any Senior Indebtedness of NEE Capital is not paid when due (after the expiration of any applicable grace period) and that default continues without waiver or 
 any other default has occurred and continues without waiver (after the expiration of any applicable grace period) pursuant to which the holders of Senior Indebtedness of NEE Capital are permitted to accelerate the maturity of such Senior Indebtedness. 
 Upon any distribution of assets of NEE Capital to creditors in connection with any insolvency, bankruptcy or similar proceeding, all principal of, and premium, if any, and interest due or to become due on all Senior Indebtedness of NEE Capital must be paid in full before the holders of the Junior Subordinated Debentures are entitled to receive or retain any payment from such distribution. See Subordination below. 
 Pari Passu Securities means 
 indebtedness and other securities that, among other things, by its terms ranks equally with the Junior Subordinated Debentures, with respect to NEE Capital, and the Junior Subordinated Guarantee, with respect to NEE, in right of payment and upon liquidation and 
 72 
 DB1 134224079.5 

guarantees of indebtedness or other securities described in the preceding bullet point. 
 Pari Passu Securities also include NEE Capital s trade accounts payable and accrued liabilities arising in the ordinary course of business. 
 While NEE Capital is a holding company that derives substantially all of its income from its operating subsidiaries, NEE Capital s subsidiaries are separate and distinct legal entities and have no obligation to make any payments on the Junior Subordinated Debentures of any series or to make any funds available for such payment. Therefore, the Junior Subordinated Debentures will be effectively subordinated to all indebtedness and other liabilities, including trade payables, debt and preferred stock, incurred or issued by NEE Capital s subsidiaries. In addition to trade liabilities, many of NEE Capital s operating subsidiaries incur debt in order to finance their business activities. All of this indebtedness will be effectively senior to the Junior Subordinated Debentures. The Junior Subordinated Indenture does not place any limit on the amount of Senior Indebtedness that NEE Capital may issue, guarantee or otherwise incur or the amount of liabilities, including debt or preferred stock, that NEE Capital s subsidiaries may issue, guarantee or otherwise incur. NEE Capital expects from time to time to incur additional indebtedness and other liabilities and to guarantee indebtedness that will be senior to the Junior Subordinated Debentures. At December 31, 2022, NEE Capital s Senior Indebtedness, on an unconsolidated basis, totaled approximately 29.35 billion. 
 While NEE is a holding company that derives substantially all of its income from its operating subsidiaries, NEE s subsidiaries are separate and distinct legal entities and, other than NEE Capital, have no obligation to make any payments on the Junior Subordinated Debentures of any series or to make any funds available for such payment. Therefore, the Junior Subordinated Guarantee will be effectively subordinated to all indebtedness and other liabilities, including trade payables, debt and preferred stock incurred or issued by NEE s subsidiaries. In addition to trade liabilities, many of NEE s operating subsidiaries incur debt in order to finance their business activities. All of this indebtedness will be effectively senior to the Junior Subordinated Guarantee. The Junior Subordinated Indenture does not place any limit on the amount of Senior Indebtedness that NEE may issue, guarantee or otherwise incur or the amount of liabilities, including debt or preferred stock, that NEE s subsidiaries may issue, guarantee or otherwise incur. NEE expects from time to time to incur additional indebtedness and other liabilities and to guarantee indebtedness that will be senior to the Junior Subordinated Guarantee. At December 31, 2022, NEE s Senior Indebtedness, on an unconsolidated basis, totaled approximately 29.35 billion, which amount consisted solely of NEE s guarantees of NEE Capital indebtedness referred to in the paragraph above. 
 Optional Redemption. NEE Capital may redeem some or all of the Junior Subordinated Debentures, at its option, at any time or from time to time, as described below (each a Redemption Date ). NEE Capital will give notice of its intent to redeem some or all of the Junior Subordinated Debentures at least 30 but no more than 60 days prior to the Redemption Date. 
 If NEE Capital redeems all or any part of the Junior Subordinated Debentures at any time on or after June 15, 2024, it will pay a redemption price equal to 100 of the principal amount of the Junior Subordinated Debentures being redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon, if any, to but excluding the Redemption Date. 
 If NEE Capital at any time elects to redeem some but not all of the Junior Subordinated Debentures of a particular series, the Subordinated Indenture Trustee will select the particular Junior Subordinated Debentures to be redeemed using any method that it deems fair and appropriate. However, if the Junior Subordinated Debentures are solely registered in the name of Cede & Co. and traded through DTC, then DTC will select the Junior Subordinated Debentures of the particular series to be redeemed in accordance with its practices as described below in Book-Entry Only Issuance. 
 If at the time notice of redemption is given, the redemption moneys are not on deposit with the Subordinated Indenture Trustee, then, if such notice so provides, the redemption shall be subject to the receipt of the redemption moneys on or before the Redemption Date and such notice of redemption shall be of no force or effect unless such moneys are received. 
 Right to Redeem Upon a Tax Event. NEE Capital may redeem, upon a Redemption Notice, in whole but not in part, the Junior Subordinated Debentures, at any time within 90 days after there is a Tax Event (as defined 
 73 
 DB1 134224079.5 

below) before June 15, 2024, at the redemption price equal to the sum of (1) 100 of the principal amount of the Junior Subordinated Debentures plus (2) accrued and unpaid interest thereon, if any, to but excluding the date fixed for redemption Tax Event Redemption Date ). 
 The consummation of a redemption upon a Tax Event may be subject to the Subordinated Indenture Trustee s receipt of the required redemption moneys on or before the Tax Event Redemption Date (and in such case no such redemption shall occur unless such moneys have been received by the Subordinated Indenture Trustee on or before such date). 
 A Tax Event happens when NEE or NEE Capital has received an opinion of counsel experienced in tax matters that, as a result of 
 any amendment to, clarification of, or change, including any announced prospective change, in the laws or treaties of the United States or any of its political subdivisions or taxing authorities, or any regulations under those laws or treaties 
 an administrative action, which means any judicial decision or any official administrative pronouncement, ruling, regulatory procedure, notice or announcement including any notice or announcement of intent to issue or adopt any administrative pronouncement, ruling, regulatory procedure or regulation 
 any amendment to, clarification of, or change in the official position or the interpretation of any administrative action or judicial decision or any interpretation or pronouncement that provides for a position with respect to an administrative action or judicial decision that differs from the previously generally accepted position, in each case by any legislative body, court, governmental authority or regulatory body, regardless of the time or manner in which that amendment, clarification or change is introduced or made known or 
 a threatened challenge asserted in writing in connection with an audit of NEE or NEE Capital or any of their subsidiaries, or a publicly-known threatened challenge asserted in writing against any other taxpayer that has raised capital through the issuance of securities that are substantially similar to the Junior Subordinated Debentures, 
 which amendment, clarification, or change is effective or the administrative action is taken or judicial decision, interpretation or pronouncement is issued or threatened challenge is asserted or becomes publicly-known after March 6, 2019, there is more than an insubstantial risk that interest payable by NEE Capital on the Junior Subordinated Debentures is not deductible, or within 90 days would not be deductible, in whole or in part, by NEE Capital for United States federal income tax purposes. 
 Right to Redeem Upon a Rating Agency Event. NEE Capital may, upon a Redemption Notice given at any time within 90 days after the conclusion of any review or appeal process instituted by NEE Capital or NEE following the occurrence of a Rating Agency Event (as defined below), redeem the Junior Subordinated Debentures in whole but not in part before June 15, 2024, at the redemption price equal to the sum of (1) 102 of the principal amount of the Junior Subordinated Debentures plus (2) accrued and unpaid interest thereon, if any, to but excluding the date fixed for redemption Rating Agency Event Redemption Date ). 
 The consummation of a redemption upon a Rating Agency Event may be subject to the Subordinated Indenture Trustee s receipt of the required redemption moneys on or before the Rating Agency Event Redemption Date (and in such case no such redemption shall occur unless such moneys have been received by the Subordinated Indenture Trustee on or before such date). 
 Rating Agency Event means a change to the methodology or criteria that were employed by an applicable rating agency (as defined below) for purposes of assigning equity credit to securities such as the Junior Subordinated Debentures on the date of initial issuance of the Junior Subordinated Debentures (the current methodology ), which change reduces the amount of equity credit assigned to the Junior Subordinated Debentures by the applicable rating 
 74 
 DB1 134224079.5 

agency as compared with the amount of equity credit that such rating agency had assigned to the Junior Subordinated Debentures as of the date of initial issuance thereof. 
 The term rating agency means any nationally recognized statistical rating organization (within the meaning of Section 3(a)(62) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and sometimes referred to as a rating agency ), and the term applicable rating agency means any rating agency that (i)(a) published a rating for NEE Capital or NEE with respect to the initial issuance of the Junior Subordinated Debentures and (b) publishes a rating for NEE Capital or NEE at such time as a Rating Agency Event occurs, or (ii) any successor to a rating agency described in the preceding clause (i). 
 Other Redemption Provisions. The Junior Subordinated Debentures of any series selected for redemption will cease to bear interest on the applicable redemption date. The paying agent will pay the redemption price and any accrued interest once the Junior Subordinated Debentures are surrendered for redemption. (Junior Subordinated Indenture, Section 405). On the redemption date NEE Capital will pay interest on the Junior Subordinated Debentures being redeemed to the person to whom it pays the redemption price. If only part of a Junior Subordinated Debenture is redeemed, the Junior Subordinated Indenture Trustee will deliver a new Junior Subordinated Debenture of the same series for the remaining portion without charge. (Junior Subordinated Indenture, Section 406). 
 Purchase of Junior Subordinated Debentures. NEE or its affiliates, including NEE Capital, may at any time and from time to time, purchase all or some of the Junior Subordinated Debentures at any price or prices, whether by tender, in the open market, by private agreement or otherwise, subject to applicable law. 
 Option to Defer Interest Payments. So long as there is no event of default under the Junior Subordinated Indenture, NEE Capital may defer interest payments on the Junior Subordinated Debentures, from time to time, for one or more Optional Deferral Periods of up to 10 consecutive years per Optional Deferral Period. However, a deferral of interest payments cannot extend beyond the maturity date of the Junior Subordinated Debentures. During an Optional Deferral Period, interest will continue to accrue on the Junior Subordinated Debentures, compounded quarterly, and deferred interest payments will accrue additional interest at a rate equal to the interest rate on the Junior Subordinated Debentures, to the extent permitted by applicable law. No interest will be due and payable on the Junior Subordinated Debentures until the end of the Optional Deferral Period except upon a redemption of the Junior Subordinated Debentures during the deferral period. 
 At the end of the Optional Deferral Period or on any redemption date, NEE Capital will be obligated to pay all accrued and unpaid interest. 
 Once all accrued and unpaid interest on the Junior Subordinated Debentures has been paid, NEE Capital again can defer interest payments on the Junior Subordinated Debentures as described above, provided that an Optional Deferral Period cannot extend beyond the maturity date of the Junior Subordinated Debentures. 
 If NEE Capital defers interest for a period of 10 consecutive years from the commencement of an Optional Deferral Period, NEE Capital will be required to pay all accrued and unpaid interest at the conclusion of the 10-year period, and to the extent it does not do so, NEE will be required to make guarantee payments in accordance with the Junior Subordinated Guarantee with respect thereto. If NEE Capital fails to pay in full all accrued and unpaid interest at the conclusion of the 10-year period, such failure continues for 30 days and NEE fails to make guarantee payments with respect thereto, an event of default that gives rise to a right to accelerate principal of and interest on the Junior Subordinated Debentures will have occurred under the Junior Subordinated Indenture. See Events of Default and Remedies. 
 During any period in which NEE Capital defers interest payments on the Junior Subordinated Debentures of any series, neither NEE nor NEE Capital will, and each will cause their majority-owned subsidiaries not to, do any of the following 
 declare or pay any dividend or distribution on NEE s or NEE Capital s capital stock 
 75 
 DB1 134224079.5 

redeem, purchase, acquire or make a liquidation payment with respect to any of NEE s or NEE Capital s capital stock 
 pay any principal, interest or premium on, or repay, repurchase or redeem any of NEE s or NEE Capital s debt securities that are equal or junior in right of payment with the Junior Subordinated Debentures or the Junior Subordinated Guarantee (as the case may be) or 
 make any payments with respect to any NEE or NEE Capital guarantee of debt securities if such guarantee is equal or junior in right of payment to the Junior Subordinated Debentures or the Junior Subordinated Guarantee (as the case may be), 
 other than 
 (a) purchases, redemptions or other acquisitions of its capital stock in connection with any employment contract, benefit plan or other similar arrangement with or for the benefit of employees, officers, directors or agents or a stock purchase or dividend reinvestment plan, or the satisfaction of its obligations pursuant to any contract or security outstanding on the date that the payment of interest is deferred requiring it to purchase, redeem or acquire its capital stock, 
 (b) any payment, repayment, redemption, purchase, acquisition or declaration of dividend listed as restricted payments in clauses (1) and (2) above as a result of a reclassification of its capital stock or the exchange or conversion of all or a portion of one class or series of its capital stock for another class or series of its capital stock, 
 (c) the purchase of fractional interests in shares of its capital stock pursuant to the conversion or exchange provisions of its capital stock or the security being converted or exchanged, or in connection with the settlement of stock purchase contracts, 
 (d) dividends or distributions paid or made in its capital stock (or rights to acquire its capital stock), or repurchases, redemptions or acquisitions of capital stock in connection with the issuance or exchange of capital stock (or of securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares of its capital stock) and distributions in connection with the settlement of stock purchase contracts, 
 (e) redemptions, exchanges or repurchases of, or with respect to, any rights outstanding under a shareholder rights plan or the declaration or payment thereunder of a dividend or distribution of or with respect to rights in the future, 
 (f) payments under any preferred trust securities guarantee or guarantee of subordinated debentures executed and delivered by NEE concurrently with the issuance by a trust of any preferred trust securities, so long as the amount of payments made with respect to any preferred trust securities or subordinated debentures (as the case may be) is paid on all preferred trust securities or subordinated debentures (as the case may be) then outstanding on a pro rata basis in proportion to the full distributions to which each series of preferred trust securities or subordinated debentures (as the case may be) is then entitled if paid in full, 
 (g) payments under any guarantee of junior subordinated debentures executed and delivered by NEE (including the Junior Subordinated Guarantee), so long as the amount of payments made on any junior subordinated debentures is paid on all junior subordinated debentures then outstanding on a pro rata basis in proportion to the full payment to which each series of junior subordinated debentures is then entitled if paid in full, 
 (h) dividends or distributions by NEE Capital on its capital stock to the extent owned by NEE, or 
 (i) redemptions, purchases, acquisitions or liquidation payments by NEE Capital with respect to its capital stock to the extent owned by NEE. (Junior Subordinated Indenture, Section 608). 
 76 
 DB1 134224079.5 

NEE and NEE Capital have reserved the right to amend the Junior Subordinated Indenture, without the consent or action of the holders of any Junior Subordinated Indenture Securities issued after October 1, 2006, including the Junior Subordinated Debentures, to modify the exceptions to the restrictions described in clause (f) above to allow payments with respect to any preferred trust securities or debt securities, or any guarantee thereof (including the Junior Subordinated Guarantee), executed and delivered by NEE, NEE Capital or any of their subsidiaries, in each case that rank equal in right of payment to such junior subordinated debentures or the related guarantee, as the case may be, so long as the amount of payments made on account of such securities or guarantees is paid on all such securities or guarantees then outstanding on a pro rata basis in proportion to the full payment to which each series of such securities or guarantees is then entitled if paid in full. 
 Before an optional deferral period ends, NEE Capital may further defer the payment of interest and after any optional deferral period and the payment of all amounts then due, NEE Capital may select a new optional deferral period. No optional deferral period may exceed the period of time specified herein. No interest period may be deferred beyond the maturity of the Junior Subordinated Debentures. 
 Modification of the Junior Subordinated Indenture. NEE and NEE Capital have reserved the right to amend the Junior Subordinated Indenture without the consent or action of the holders of any junior subordinated debentures issued after October 1, 2006, including the Junior Subordinated Debentures, to modify the exceptions to the restrictions described above under Option to Defer Interest Payments applicable during any period in which NEE Capital defers interest payments on such junior subordinated debentures (including the Junior Subordinated Debentures) to allow payments with respect to any preferred trust securities or debt securities, or any guarantee thereof (including the Junior Subordinated Guarantee), executed and delivered by NEE, NEE Capital or any of their majority-owned subsidiaries, in each case that rank equal in right of payment to such junior subordinated debentures or the related guarantee, as the case may be, so long as the amount of payments made on account of such securities or guarantees is paid on all such securities or guarantees then outstanding on a pro rata basis in proportion to the full payment to which each series of such securities or guarantees is then entitled if paid in full. 
 Subordination. The Junior Subordinated Debentures will be subordinate and junior in right of payment to all Senior Indebtedness of NEE Capital. (Junior Subordinated Indenture, Article Fifteen). No payment of the principal (including redemption and sinking fund payments) of, or interest, or premium, if any, on the Junior Subordinated Debentures may be made by NEE Capital, until all holders of Senior Indebtedness of NEE Capital have been paid in full (or provision has been made for such payment), if any of the following occurs 
 (1) certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization of NEE Capital, 
 (2) any Senior Indebtedness of NEE Capital is not paid when due (after the expiration of any applicable grace period) and that default continues without waiver, or 
 (3) any other default has occurred and continues without waiver (after the expiration of any applicable grace period) pursuant to which the holders of Senior Indebtedness of NEE Capital are permitted to accelerate the maturity of such Senior Indebtedness. (Junior Subordinated Indenture, Section 1502). 
 Upon any distribution of assets of NEE Capital to creditors in connection with any insolvency, bankruptcy or similar proceeding, all principal of, and premium, if any, and interest due or to become due on all Senior Indebtedness of NEE Capital must be paid in full before the holders of the Junior Subordinated Debentures are entitled to receive or retain any payment from such distribution. (Junior Subordinated Indenture, Section 1502). 
 While NEE Capital is a holding company that derives substantially all of its income from its operating subsidiaries, NEE Capital s subsidiaries are separate and distinct legal entities and have no obligation to make any payments on the Junior Subordinated Indenture Securities or to make any funds available for such payment. Therefore, Junior Subordinated Indenture Securities will effectively be subordinated to all indebtedness and other liabilities, including trade payables, debt and preferred stock, incurred or issued by NEE Capital s subsidiaries. In addition to trade liabilities, many of NEE Capital s operating subsidiaries incur debt in order to finance their business activities. All of this indebtedness will effectively be senior to the Junior Subordinated Indenture Securities. The Junior Subordinated Indenture does not place any limit on the amount of liabilities, including debt or preferred stock, that NEE Capital s subsidiaries may issue, guarantee or incur. 
 77 
 DB1 134224079.5 

Junior Subordinated Guarantee of Junior Subordinated Debentures. Pursuant to the Junior Subordinated Guarantee, NEE will absolutely, irrevocably and unconditionally guarantee the payment of principal of and any interest and premium, if any, on the Junior Subordinated Debentures, when due and payable, whether at the stated maturity date, by declaration of acceleration, call for redemption or otherwise, in accordance with the terms of such Junior Subordinated Debentures and the Junior Subordinated Indenture. The Junior Subordinated Guarantee will remain in effect until the entire principal of and any premium, if any, and interest on the Junior Subordinated Debentures has been paid in full or otherwise discharged in accordance with the provisions of the Junior Subordinated Indenture. (Junior Subordinated Indenture, Article Fourteen). 
 The Junior Subordinated Guarantee will be subordinate and junior in right of payment to all Senior Indebtedness of NEE. (Junior Subordinated Indenture, Section 1402). No payment of the principal (including redemption and sinking fund payments) of, or interest, or premium, if any, on, the Junior Subordinated Debentures may be made by NEE under the Junior Subordinated Guarantee until all holders of Senior Indebtedness of NEE have been paid in full (or provision has been made for such payment), if any of the following occurs 
 (1) certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization of NEE, 
 (2) any Senior Indebtedness of NEE is not paid when due (after the expiration of any applicable grace period) and that default continues without waiver, or 
 (3) any other default has occurred and continues without waiver (after the expiration of any applicable grace period) pursuant to which the holders of Senior Indebtedness of NEE are permitted to accelerate the maturity of such Senior Indebtedness. (Junior Subordinated Indenture, Section 1403). 
 Upon any distribution of assets of NEE to creditors in connection with any insolvency, bankruptcy or similar proceeding, all principal of, and premium, if any, and interest due or to become due on all Senior Indebtedness of NEE must be paid in full before the holders of the Junior Subordinated Debentures are entitled to receive or retain any payment from such distribution. (Junior Subordinated Indenture, Section 1403). 
 While NEE is a holding company that derives substantially all of its income from its operating subsidiaries, NEE s subsidiaries are separate and distinct legal entities and have no obligation to make any payments under the Junior Subordinated Guarantee or to make any funds available for such payment. Therefore, the Junior Subordinated Guarantee will effectively be subordinated to all indebtedness and other liabilities, including trade payables, debt and preferred stock, incurred or issued by NEE s subsidiaries. In addition to trade liabilities, many of NEE s operating subsidiaries incur debt in order to finance their business activities. All of this indebtedness will effectively be senior to the Junior Subordinated Guarantee. The Junior Subordinated Indenture does not place any limit on the amount of liabilities, including debt or preferred stock, that NEE s subsidiaries may issue, guarantee or incur. See Description of NEE Common Stock Common Stock Terms Dividend Rights for a description of contractual restrictions on the dividend-paying ability of some of NEE s subsidiaries. 
 Payment and Paying Agents. On each interest payment date NEE Capital will pay interest on each Junior Subordinated Debenture to the person in whose name that Junior Subordinated Debenture is registered as of the close of business on the record date relating to that interest payment date. However, on the date that the Junior Subordinated Debentures mature, NEE Capital will pay the interest to the person to whom it pays the principal. Also, if NEE Capital has defaulted in the payment of interest on any Junior Subordinated Debenture, it may pay that defaulted interest to the registered owner of that Junior Subordinated Debenture 
 (1) as of the close of business on a date that the Junior Subordinated Indenture Trustee selects, which may not be more than 15 days or less than 10 days before the date that NEE Capital, or NEE, as the case may be, proposes to pay the defaulted interest, or 
 (2) in any other lawful manner that does not violate the requirements of any securities exchange on which that Junior Subordinated Debenture is listed and that the Junior Subordinated Indenture Trustee believes is practicable. (Junior Subordinated Indenture, Section 307). 
 78 
 DB1 134224079.5 

The principal, premium, if any, and interest on the Junior Subordinated Debentures at maturity will be payable when such Junior Subordinated Debentures are presented at the main corporate trust office of The Bank of New York Mellon, as paying agent, in New York City. NEE Capital and NEE may change the place of payment on the Junior Subordinated Debentures, appoint one or more additional paying agents, including NEE Capital, and remove any paying agent. (Junior Subordinated Indenture, Section 602). 
 Transfer and Exchange. Junior Subordinated Debentures may be transferred or exchanged at the main corporate trust office of The Bank of New York Mellon, as security registrar, in New York City. NEE Capital may change the place for transfer and exchange of the Junior Subordinated Debentures and may designate one or more additional places for that transfer and exchange. 
 There will be no service charge for any transfer or exchange of the Junior Subordinated Debentures. However, NEE Capital may require payment of any tax or other governmental charge in connection with any transfer or exchange of the Junior Subordinated Debentures. 
 NEE Capital will not be required to transfer or exchange any Junior Subordinated Debenture selected for redemption. Also, NEE Capital will not be required to transfer or exchange any Junior Subordinated Debenture during a period of 15 days before notice is to be given identifying the Junior Subordinated Debentures selected to be redeemed. (Junior Subordinated Indenture, Section 305). 
 Defeasance. NEE Capital and NEE may, at any time, elect to have all of their obligations discharged with respect to all or a portion of any Junior Subordinated Indenture Securities. To do so, NEE Capital or NEE must irrevocably deposit with the Junior Subordinated Indenture Trustee or any paying agent, in trust 
 (1) money in an amount that will be sufficient to pay all or that portion of the principal, premium, if any, and interest due and to become due on those Junior Subordinated Indenture Securities, on or prior to their maturity, or 
 (2) in the case of a deposit made prior to the maturity of that series of Junior Subordinated Indenture Securities, 
 (a) direct obligations of, or obligations unconditionally guaranteed by, the United States and entitled to the benefit of its full faith and credit that do not contain provisions permitting their redemption or other prepayment at the option of their issuer, and 
 (b) certificates, depositary receipts or other instruments that evidence a direct ownership interest in those obligations or in any specific interest or principal payments due in respect of those obligations that do not contain provisions permitting their redemption or other prepayment at the option of their issuer, 
 the principal of and the interest on which, when due, without any regard to reinvestment of that principal or interest, will provide money that, together with any money deposited with or held by the Junior Subordinated Indenture Trustee, will be sufficient to pay all or that portion of the principal, premium, if any, and interest due and to become due on those Junior Subordinated Indenture Securities, on or prior to their maturity, or 
 (3) a combination of (1) and (2) that will be sufficient to pay all or that portion of the principal, premium, if any, and interest due and to become due on those Junior Subordinated Indenture Securities, on or prior to their maturity. (Junior Subordinated Indenture, Section 701). 
 Consolidation, Merger, and Sale of Assets. Under the Junior Subordinated Indenture, neither NEE Capital nor NEE may consolidate with or merge into any other entity or convey, transfer or lease its properties and assets substantially as an entirety to any entity, unless 
 79 
 DB1 134224079.5 

(1) the entity formed by that consolidation, or the entity into which NEE Capital or NEE, as the case may be, is merged, or the entity that acquires or leases the properties and assets of NEE Capital or NEE, as the case may be, is an entity organized and existing under the laws of the United States, any state or the District of Columbia and that entity expressly assumes NEE Capital s or NEE s, as the case may be, obligations on all Junior Subordinated Indenture Securities and under the Junior Subordinated Indenture, 
 (2) immediately after giving effect to the transaction, no event of default under the Junior Subordinated Indenture and no event that, after notice or lapse of time or both, would become an event of default under the Junior Subordinated Indenture exists, and 
 (3) NEE Capital or NEE, as the case may be, delivers an officer s certificate and an opinion of counsel to the Junior Subordinated Indenture Trustee, as provided in the Junior Subordinated Indenture. (Junior Subordinated Indenture, Section 1101). 
 The Junior Subordinated Indenture does not prevent or restrict 
 (a) any consolidation or merger after the consummation of which NEE Capital or NEE, as the case may be, would be the surviving or resulting entity, 
 (b) any consolidation of NEE Capital with NEE or any other entity all of the outstanding voting securities of which are owned, directly or indirectly, by NEE, or any merger of any such entity into any other of such entities, or any conveyance or other transfer, or lease, of properties or assets by any thereof to any other thereof, 
 (c) any conveyance or other transfer, or lease, of any part of the properties or assets of NEE Capital or NEE which does not constitute the entirety, or substantially the entirety, thereof, 
 (d) the approval by NEE Capital or NEE of or the consent by NEE Capital or NEE to any consolidation or merger to which any direct or indirect subsidiary or affiliate of NEE Capital or NEE, as the case requires, may be a party, or any conveyance, transfer or lease by any such subsidiary or affiliate of any or all of its properties or assets, or 
 (e) any other transaction not contemplated by (1), (2) or (3) in the preceding paragraph. (Junior Subordinated Indenture, Section 1103). 
 Events of Default. Each of the following is an event of default under the Junior Subordinated Indenture with respect to the Junior Subordinated Indenture Securities of any series 
 (1) failure to pay interest on the Junior Subordinated Indenture Securities of that series within 30 days after it is due (provided, however, that a failure to pay interest during a valid optional deferral period will not constitute an event of default), 
 (2) failure to pay principal or premium, if any, on the Junior Subordinated Indenture Securities of that series when it is due, 
 (3) failure to perform, or breach of, any other covenant or warranty in the Junior Subordinated Indenture, other than a covenant or warranty that does not relate to that series of Junior Subordinated Indenture Securities, that continues for 90 days after (i) NEE Capital and NEE receive written notice of such failure to comply from the Junior Subordinated Indenture Trustee or (ii) NEE Capital, NEE and the Junior Subordinated Indenture Trustee receive written notice of such failure to comply from the registered owners of at least 33 in principal amount of the Junior Subordinated Indenture Securities of that series, 
 (4) certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization of NEE Capital or NEE, or 
 80 
 DB1 134224079.5 

(5) with certain exceptions, the Junior Subordinated Guarantee ceases to be effective, is found by a judicial proceeding to be unenforceable or invalid or is denied or disaffirmed by NEE. 
 In the case of an event of default listed in item (3) above, the Junior Subordinated Indenture Trustee may extend the grace period. In addition, if registered owners of a particular series have given a notice of default, then registered owners of at least the same percentage of Junior Subordinated Debentures of that series, together with the Junior Subordinated Indenture Trustee, may also extend the grace period. The grace period will be automatically extended if NEE Capital or NEE has initiated and is diligently pursuing corrective action in good faith. (Junior Subordinated Indenture, Section 801). An event of default with respect to the Junior Subordinated Indenture Securities of a particular series will not necessarily constitute an event of default with respect to Junior Subordinated Indenture Securities of any other series issued under the Junior Subordinated Indenture. 
 With respect to the Junior Subordinated Debentures, 
 if any event of default, other than an event of default listed in item (3) above exists, and such event of default is not applicable to all outstanding securities issued under the Junior Subordinated Indenture, then either the Subordinated Indenture Trustee or the registered owners of at least 33 in aggregate principal amount of the Junior Subordinated Indenture Securities of each of the affected series may declare the principal of and accrued but unpaid interest on all the Junior Subordinated Indenture Securities of that series to be due and payable immediately or 
 if any event of default, other than an event of default listed in item (3) above, is applicable to all outstanding Junior Subordinated Indenture Securities, then only the Subordinated Indenture Trustee or the registered owners of at least 33 in aggregate principal amount of all outstanding Junior Subordinated Indenture Securities of all series, voting as one class, and not the registered owners of any one series, may make a declaration of acceleration. 
 Accordingly, if an event of default listed in item (3) above exists, the registered owners of the Junior Subordinated Debentures will not be entitled to vote to make a declaration of acceleration (and the Junior Subordinated Debentures will not be considered outstanding for the purpose of determining whether the required vote, described in the bullet points above, has been obtained), and the Subordinated Indenture Trustee will not have a right to make such declaration with respect to the Junior Subordinated Debentures. 
 The exception to the right to accelerate payment of the principal of and accrued but unpaid interest on Junior Subordinated Indenture Securities for an event of default listed in item (3) above does not apply to NEE Capital s Series B Enhanced Junior Subordinated Debentures due 2066 and the Series C Junior Subordinated Debentures due 2067. Payment of Junior Subordinated Indenture Securities specified in the preceding sentence can be accelerated in the manner discussed above, upon the occurrence of each event of default listed above, and applicable to that series, including an event of default listed in item (3) above. See Remedies for a discussion of remedies available to the registered owners of the Junior Subordinated Indenture Securities (modified, as described above, for the Series L Junior Subordinated Debentures due September 29, 2057, the Series M Junior Subordinated Debentures due December 1, 2077, the Series N Junior Subordinated Debentures, the Series O Junior Subordinated Debentures due May 1, 2079 and the Series P Junior Subordinated Debentures due March 15, 2082). 
 Remedies. If an event of default applicable to the Junior Subordinated Indenture Securities of one or more series, but not applicable to all outstanding Junior Subordinated Indenture Securities, exists, then either (i) the Junior Subordinated Indenture Trustee or (ii) the registered owners of at least 33 in aggregate principal amount of the Junior Subordinated Indenture Securities of each of the affected series may declare the principal of and accrued but unpaid interest on all the Junior Subordinated Indenture Securities of that series to be due and payable immediately. (Junior Subordinated Indenture, Section 802). However, under the Junior Subordinated Indenture, some Junior Subordinated Indenture Securities may provide for a specified amount less than their entire principal amount to be due and payable upon that declaration. Such a Junior Subordinated Indenture Security is defined as a Discount Security in the Junior Subordinated Indenture. 
 A majority of the currently outstanding series of Junior Subordinated Indenture Securities contain an exception to the right to accelerate payment of the principal of and accrued but unpaid interest on Junior 
 81 
 DB1 134224079.5 

Subordinated Indenture Securities of those series for an event of default listed in item (3) under Events of Default above. With respect to such Junior Subordinated Indenture Securities, if an event of default listed in item (3) under Events of Default above exists, the registered owners of the Junior Subordinated Indenture Securities will not be entitled to vote to make a declaration of acceleration (and these Junior Subordinated Indenture Securities will not be considered outstanding for the purpose of determining whether the required vote, described above, has been obtained), and the Junior Subordinated Indenture Trustee will not have a right to make such declaration with respect to these Junior Subordinated Indenture Securities. 
 If an event of default is applicable to all outstanding Junior Subordinated Indenture Securities, then either (i) the Junior Subordinated Indenture Trustee or (ii) the registered owners of at least 33 in aggregate principal amount of all outstanding Junior Subordinated Indenture Securities of all series, voting as one class, and not the registered owners of any one series, may make a declaration of acceleration. However, the event of default giving rise to the declaration relating to any series of Junior Subordinated Indenture Securities will be automatically waived, and that declaration and its consequences will be automatically rescinded and annulled, if, at any time after that declaration and before a judgment or decree for payment of the money due has been obtained 
 (1) NEE Capital or NEE pays or deposits with the Junior Subordinated Indenture Trustee a sum sufficient to pay 
 (a) all overdue interest, if any, on all Junior Subordinated Indenture Securities of that series then outstanding, 
 (b) the principal of and any premium on any Junior Subordinated Indenture Securities of that series that have become due for reasons other than that declaration, and interest that is then due, 
 (c) interest on overdue interest for that series, and 
 (d) all amounts then due to the Junior Subordinated Indenture Trustee under the Junior Subordinated Indenture, and 
 (2) if, after application of money paid or deposited as described in item (1) above, Junior Subordinated Indenture Securities of that series would remain outstanding, any other event of default with respect to the Junior Subordinated Indenture Securities of that series has been cured or waived as provided in the Junior Subordinated Indenture. (Junior Subordinated Indenture, Section 802). 
 Other than its obligations and duties in case of an event of default under the Junior Subordinated Indenture, the Junior Subordinated Indenture Trustee is not obligated to exercise any of its rights or powers under the Junior Subordinated Indenture at the request or direction of any of the registered owners of the Junior Subordinated Indenture Securities, unless those registered owners offer reasonable indemnity to the Junior Subordinated Indenture Trustee. (Junior Subordinated Indenture, Section 903). If they provide this reasonable indemnity, the registered owners of a majority in principal amount of any series of Junior Subordinated Indenture Securities will have the right to direct the time, method and place of conducting any proceeding for any remedy available to the Junior Subordinated Indenture Trustee, or exercising any trust or power conferred on the Junior Subordinated Indenture Trustee, with respect to the Junior Subordinated Indenture Securities of that series. However, if an event of default under the Junior Subordinated Indenture relates to more than one series of Junior Subordinated Indenture Securities, only the registered owners of a majority in aggregate principal amount of all affected series of Junior Subordinated Indenture Securities, considered as one class, will have the right to make that direction. Also, the direction must not violate any law or the Junior Subordinated Indenture, and may not expose the Junior Subordinated Indenture Trustee to personal liability in circumstances where the indemnity would not, in the Junior Subordinated Indenture Trustee s sole discretion, be adequate, and the Junior Subordinated Indenture Trustee may take any other action that it deems proper and not inconsistent with such direction. (Junior Subordinated Indenture, Section 812). 
 A registered owner of a Junior Subordinated Indenture Security has the right to institute a suit for the enforcement of payment of the principal of or premium, if any, or interest on that Junior Subordinated Indenture Security on or after the applicable due date specified in that Junior Subordinated Indenture Security. (Junior 
 82 
 DB1 134224079.5 

Subordinated Indenture, Section 808). No registered owner of Junior Subordinated Indenture Securities of any series will have any other right to institute any proceeding under the Junior Subordinated Indenture, or any other remedy under the Junior Subordinated Indenture, unless 
 (1) that registered owner has previously given to the Junior Subordinated Indenture Trustee written notice of a continuing event of default with respect to the Junior Subordinated Indenture Securities of that series, 
 (2) the registered owners of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Junior Subordinated Indenture Securities of all series in respect of which an event of default under the Junior Subordinated Indenture exists, considered as one class, have made written request to the Junior Subordinated Indenture Trustee to institute that proceeding in its own name as trustee, and have offered reasonable indemnity to the Junior Subordinated Indenture Trustee against related costs, expenses and liabilities, 
 (3) the Junior Subordinated Indenture Trustee for 60 days after its receipt of that notice, request and offer of indemnity has failed to institute any such proceeding, and 
 (4) no direction inconsistent with that request was given to the Junior Subordinated Indenture Trustee during this 60 day period by the registered owners of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Junior Subordinated Indenture Securities of all series in respect of which an event of default under the Junior Subordinated Indenture exists, considered as one class. (Junior Subordinated Indenture, Section 807). 
 Each of NEE Capital and NEE is required to deliver to the Junior Subordinated Indenture Trustee an annual statement as to its compliance with all conditions and covenants applicable to it under the Junior Subordinated Indenture. (Junior Subordinated Indenture, Section 606). 
 Modification and Waiver. Without the consent of any registered owner of Junior Subordinated Indenture Securities, NEE Capital, NEE and the Junior Subordinated Indenture Trustee may amend or supplement the Junior Subordinated Indenture for any of the following purposes 
 (1) to provide for the assumption by any permitted successor to NEE Capital or NEE of NEE Capital s or NEE s obligations under the Junior Subordinated Indenture and the Junior Subordinated Indenture Securities in the case of a merger or consolidation or a conveyance, transfer or lease of NEE Capital or NEE s properties and assets substantially as an entirety, 
 (2) to add covenants of NEE Capital or NEE or to surrender any right or power conferred upon NEE Capital or NEE by the Junior Subordinated Indenture, 
 (3) to add any additional events of default, 
 (4) to change, eliminate or add any provision of the Junior Subordinated Indenture, provided that if that change, elimination or addition will materially adversely affect the interests of the registered owners of Junior Subordinated Indenture Securities of any series or tranche, that change, elimination or addition will become effective with respect to that particular series or tranche only 
 (a) when the required consent of the registered owners of Junior Subordinated Indenture Securities of that particular series or tranche has been obtained, or 
 (b) when no Junior Subordinated Indenture Securities of that particular series or tranche remain outstanding under the Junior Subordinated Indenture, 
 (5) to provide collateral security for all but not a part of the Junior Subordinated Indenture Securities, 
 83 
 DB1 134224079.5 

(6) to create the form or terms of Junior Subordinated Indenture Securities of any other series or tranche or any Junior Subordinated Guarantees, 
 (7) to provide for the authentication and delivery of bearer securities and the related coupons and for other matters relating to those bearer securities, 
 (8) to accept the appointment of a successor Junior Subordinated Indenture Trustee or co-trustee with respect to the Junior Subordinated Indenture Securities of one or more series and to change any of the provisions of the Junior Subordinated Indenture as necessary to provide for the administration of the trusts under the Junior Subordinated Indenture by more than one trustee, 
 (9) to add procedures to permit the use of a non-certificated system of registration for all, or any series or tranche of, the Junior Subordinated Indenture Securities, 
 (10) to change any place where 
 (a) the principal of and premium, if any, and interest on all, or any series or tranche of, Junior Subordinated Indenture Securities are payable, 
 (b) all, or any series or tranche of, Junior Subordinated Indenture Securities may be surrendered for registration, transfer or exchange, and 
 (c) notices and demands to or upon NEE Capital or NEE in respect of Junior Subordinated Indenture Securities and the Junior Subordinated Indenture may be served, or 
 (11) to cure any ambiguity or inconsistency or to add or change any other provisions with respect to matters and questions arising under the Junior Subordinated Indenture, provided those changes or additions may not materially adversely affect the interests of the registered owners of Junior Subordinated Indenture Securities of any series or tranche. (Junior Subordinated Indenture, Section 1201). 
 The registered owners of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Junior Subordinated Indenture Securities of all series then outstanding may waive compliance by NEE Capital or NEE with certain restrictive provisions of the Junior Subordinated Indenture. (Junior Subordinated Indenture, Section 607). The registered owners of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding Junior Subordinated Indenture Securities of any series may waive any past default under the Junior Subordinated Indenture with respect to that series, except a default in the payment of principal, premium, if any, or interest and a default with respect to certain restrictive covenants or provisions of the Junior Subordinated Indenture that cannot be modified or amended without the consent of the registered owner of each outstanding Junior Subordinated Indenture Security of that series affected. (Junior Subordinated Indenture, Section 813). 
 In addition to any amendments described above, if the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 is amended after the date of the Junior Subordinated Indenture in a way that requires changes to the Junior Subordinated Indenture or in a way that permits changes to, or the elimination of, provisions that were previously required by the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, the Junior Subordinated Indenture will be deemed to be amended to conform to that amendment of the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 or to make those changes, additions or eliminations. NEE Capital, NEE and the Junior Subordinated Indenture Trustee may, without the consent of any registered owners, enter into supplemental indentures to make that amendment. (Junior Subordinated Indenture, Section 1201). 
 Except for any amendments described above, the consent of the registered owners of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Junior Subordinated Indenture Securities of all series then outstanding, considered as one class, is required for all other modifications to the Junior Subordinated Indenture. However, if less than all of the series of Junior Subordinated Indenture Securities outstanding are directly affected by a proposed supplemental indenture, then the consent only of the registered owners of a majority in aggregate principal amount of outstanding Junior Subordinated Indenture Securities of all directly affected series, considered as one class, is required. But, if NEE Capital issues any series of Junior Subordinated Indenture Securities in more than one tranche and if the 
 84 
 DB1 134224079.5 

proposed supplemental indenture directly affects the rights of the registered owners of Junior Subordinated Indenture Securities of less than all of those tranches, then the consent only of the registered owners of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Junior Subordinated Indenture Securities of all directly affected tranches, considered as one class, will be required. However, none of those amendments or modifications may 
 (1) change the dates on which the principal of or interest (except as described above under Option to Defer Interest Payments on a Junior Subordinated Indenture Security is due without the consent of the registered owner of that Junior Subordinated Indenture Security, 
 (2) reduce any Junior Subordinated Indenture Security s principal amount or rate of interest (or the amount of any installment of that interest) or change the method of calculating that rate without the consent of the registered owner of that Junior Subordinated Indenture Security, 
 (3) reduce any premium payable upon the redemption of a Junior Subordinated Indenture Security without the consent of the registered owner of that Junior Subordinated Indenture Security, 
 (4) change the currency (or other property) in which a Junior Subordinated Indenture Security is payable without the consent of the registered owner of that Junior Subordinated Indenture Security, 
 (5) impair the right to sue to enforce payments on any Junior Subordinated Indenture Security on or after the date that it states that the payment is due (or, in the case of redemption, on or after the redemption date) without the consent of the registered owner of that Junior Subordinated Indenture Security, 
 (6) impair the right to receive payments under the Junior Subordinated Guarantee or to institute suit for enforcement of any such payment under the Junior Subordinated Guarantee, 
 (7) reduce the percentage in principal amount of the outstanding Junior Subordinated Indenture Securities of any series or tranche whose owners must consent to an amendment, supplement or waiver without the consent of the registered owner of each outstanding Junior Subordinated Indenture Security of that particular series or tranche, 
 (8) reduce the requirements for quorum or voting of any series or tranche without the consent of the registered owner of each outstanding Junior Subordinated Indenture Security of that particular series or tranche, or 
 (9) modify certain of the provisions of the Junior Subordinated Indenture relating to supplemental indentures, waivers of certain covenants and waivers of past defaults with respect to the Junior Subordinated Indenture Securities of any series or tranche, without the consent of the registered owner of each outstanding Junior Subordinated Indenture Security affected by the modification. 
 A supplemental indenture that changes or eliminates any provision of the Junior Subordinated Indenture that has expressly been included only for the benefit of one or more particular series or tranches of Junior Subordinated Indenture Securities, or that modifies the rights of the registered owners of Junior Subordinated Indenture Securities of that particular series or tranche with respect to that provision, will not affect the rights under the Junior Subordinated Indenture of the registered owners of the Junior Subordinated Indenture Securities of any other series or tranche. (Junior Subordinated Indenture, Section 1202). 
 The Junior Subordinated Indenture provides that, in order to determine whether the registered owners of the required principal amount of the outstanding Junior Subordinated Indenture Securities have given any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent or waiver under the Junior Subordinated Indenture, or whether a quorum is present at the meeting of the registered owners of Junior Subordinated Indenture Securities, Junior Subordinated Indenture Securities owned by NEE Capital, NEE or any other obligor upon the Junior Subordinated Indenture Securities or any affiliate of NEE Capital, NEE or of that other obligor (unless NEE Capital, NEE, that affiliate or that obligor owns all Junior Subordinated Indenture Securities outstanding under the Junior Subordinated 
 85 
 DB1 134224079.5 

Indenture, determined without regard to this provision), will be disregarded and deemed not to be outstanding. (Junior Subordinated Indenture, Section 101). 
 If NEE Capital or NEE solicits any action under the Junior Subordinated Indenture from registered owners of Junior Subordinated Indenture Securities, each of NEE Capital or NEE may, at its option, fix in advance a record date for determining the registered owners of Junior Subordinated Indenture Securities entitled to take that action. However, neither NEE Capital nor NEE will be obligated to do so. If NEE Capital or NEE fixes such a record date, that action may be taken before or after that record date, but only the registered owners of record at the close of business on that record date will be deemed to be registered owners of Junior Subordinated Indenture Securities for the purposes of determining whether registered owners of the required proportion of the outstanding Junior Subordinated Indenture Securities have authorized that action. For these purposes, the outstanding Junior Subordinated Indenture Securities will be computed as of the record date. Any action of a registered owner of any Junior Subordinated Indenture Security under the Junior Subordinated Indenture will bind every future registered owner of that Junior Subordinated Indenture Security, or any Junior Subordinated Indenture Security replacing that Junior Subordinated Indenture Security, with respect to anything that the Junior Subordinated Indenture Trustee, NEE Capital or NEE do, fail to do, or allow to be done in reliance on that action, whether or not that action is noted upon that Junior Subordinated Indenture Security. (Junior Subordinated Indenture, Section 104). 
 Resignation and Removal of Junior Subordinated Indenture Trustee. The Junior Subordinated Indenture Trustee may resign at any time with respect to any series of Junior Subordinated Indenture Securities by giving written notice of its resignation to NEE Capital and NEE. Also, the registered owners of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding Junior Subordinated Indenture Securities of one or more series of Junior Subordinated Indenture Securities may remove the Junior Subordinated Indenture Trustee at any time with respect to the Junior Subordinated Indenture Securities of that series, by delivering an instrument evidencing this action to the Junior Subordinated Indenture Trustee, NEE Capital and NEE. The resignation or removal of the Junior Subordinated Indenture Trustee and the appointment of a successor trustee will not become effective until a successor trustee accepts its appointment. 
 Except with respect to a trustee under the Junior Subordinated Indenture appointed by the registered owners of Junior Subordinated Indenture Securities, the Junior Subordinated Indenture Trustee will be deemed to have resigned and the successor will be deemed to have been appointed as trustee in accordance with the Junior Subordinated Indenture if 
 (1) no event of default under the Junior Subordinated Indenture or event that, after notice or lapse of time, or both, would become an event of default under the Junior Subordinated Indenture exists, and 
 (2) NEE Capital and NEE have delivered to the Junior Subordinated Indenture Trustee resolutions of their Boards of Directors appointing a successor trustee and that successor trustee has accepted that appointment in accordance with the terms of the Junior Subordinated Indenture. (Junior Subordinated Indenture, Section 910). 
 Notices . Notices to registered owners of Junior Subordinated Indenture Securities will be sent by mail to the addresses of those registered owners as they appear in the security register for those Junior Subordinated Indenture Securities. (Junior Subordinated Indenture, Section 106). 
 Title . NEE Capital, NEE, the Junior Subordinated Indenture Trustee, and any agent of NEE Capital, NEE or the Junior Subordinated Indenture Trustee, may treat the person in whose name a Junior Subordinated Indenture Security is registered as the absolute owner of that Junior Subordinated Indenture Security, whether or not that Junior Subordinated Indenture Security is overdue, for the purpose of making payments and for all other purposes, regardless of any notice to the contrary. (Junior Subordinated Indenture, Section 308). 
 Governing Law . The Junior Subordinated Indenture and the Junior Subordinated Indenture Securities are governed by, and will be construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York, without regard to conflict of laws principles thereunder, except to the extent that the law of any other jurisdiction is mandatorily applicable. (Junior Subordinated Indenture, Section 112). 
 86 
 DB1 134224079.5 

Book-Entry Only Issuance. The Junior Subordinated Debentures will trade through DTC. The Junior Subordinated Debentures are represented by one or more global certificates and registered in the name of Cede & Co., DTC s nominee. DTC or its nominee credited, on its book-entry registration and transfer system, the principal amount of the Junior Subordinated Debentures represented by such global certificates to the accounts of institutions that have an account with DTC or its participants. 
 Purchases of the Junior Subordinated Debentures within the DTC system must be made through participants, who will receive a credit for the Junior Subordinated Debentures on DTC s records. The beneficial ownership interest of each purchaser will be recorded on the appropriate participant s records. Beneficial owners will not receive written confirmation from DTC of their purchases, but beneficial owners should receive written confirmations of the transactions, as well as periodic statements of their holdings, from the participants through whom they purchased Junior Subordinated Debentures. Transfers of ownership in the Junior Subordinated Debentures are to be accomplished by entries made on the books of the participants acting on behalf of beneficial owners. Beneficial owners will not receive certificates for their Junior Subordinated Debentures, except if use of the book-entry system for the Junior Subordinated Debentures is discontinued. 
 To facilitate subsequent transfers, all Junior Subordinated Debentures deposited by participants with DTC are registered in the name of DTC s nominee, Cede & Co. The deposit of the Junior Subordinated Debentures with DTC and their registration in the name of Cede & Co. effects no change in beneficial ownership. DTC has no knowledge of the actual beneficial owners of the Junior Subordinated Debentures. DTC s records reflect only the identity of the participants to whose accounts such Junior Subordinated Debentures are credited. These participants may or may not be the beneficial owners. Participants will remain responsible for keeping account of their holdings on behalf of their customers. 
 Conveyance of notices and other communications by DTC to participants, and by participants to beneficial owners, will be governed by arrangements among them, subject to any statutory or regulatory requirements as may be in effect from time to time. Beneficial owners of Junior Subordinated Debentures may wish to take certain steps to augment transmission to them of notices of significant events with respect to the Junior Subordinated Debentures, such as redemptions, tenders, defaults and proposed amendments to the Subordinated Indenture. Beneficial owners of the Junior Subordinated Debentures may wish to ascertain that the nominee holding the Junior Subordinated Debentures has agreed to obtain and transmit notices to the beneficial owners. 
 Redemption notices will be sent to Cede & Co., as registered holder of the Junior Subordinated Debentures. If less than all of the Junior Subordinated Debentures are being redeemed, DTC s practice is to determine by lot the amount of Junior Subordinated Debentures of each participant to be redeemed. 
 Neither DTC nor Cede & Co. will itself consent or vote with respect to Junior Subordinated Debentures, unless authorized by a participant in accordance with DTC s procedures. Under its usual procedures, DTC would mail an omnibus proxy to NEE Capital as soon as possible after the record date. The omnibus proxy assigns the consenting or voting rights of Cede & Co. to those participants to whose accounts the Junior Subordinated Debentures are credited on the record date. NEE Capital and NEE believe that these arrangements will enable the beneficial owners to exercise rights equivalent in substance to the rights that can be directly exercised by a registered holder of the Junior Subordinated Debentures. 
 Payments of redemption proceeds, principal of, and interest on the Junior Subordinated Debentures will be made to Cede & Co., or such other nominee as may be requested by DTC. DTC s practice is to credit participants accounts upon DTC s receipt of funds and corresponding detail information from NEE Capital or its agent, on the payable date in accordance with their respective holdings shown on DTC s records. Payments by participants to beneficial owners will be governed by standing instructions and customary practices. Payments will be the responsibility of participants and not of DTC, the Subordinated Indenture Trustee, NEE Capital or NEE, subject to any statutory or regulatory requirements as may be in effect from time to time. Payment of redemption proceeds, principal and interest to Cede & Co. (or such other nominee as may be requested by DTC) is the responsibility of NEE Capital. Disbursement of payments to participants is the responsibility of DTC, and disbursement of payments to the beneficial owners is the responsibility of participants. 
 87 
 DB1 134224079.5 

Except as described below, a beneficial owner will not be entitled to receive physical delivery of the Junior Subordinated Debentures. Accordingly, each beneficial owner must rely on the procedures of DTC to exercise any rights under the Junior Subordinated Debentures. 
 DTC may discontinue providing its services as securities depositary with respect to the Junior Subordinated Debentures at any time by giving reasonable notice to NEE Capital. In the event no successor securities depositary is obtained, certificates for the Junior Subordinated Debentures will be printed and delivered. NEE Capital and NEE may decide to replace DTC or any successor depositary. Additionally, subject to the procedures of DTC, NEE Capital and NEE may decide to discontinue use of the system of book-entry transfers through DTC (or a successor depositary) with respect to some or all of the Junior Subordinated Debentures. In that event, certificates for such Junior Subordinated Debentures will be printed and delivered. If certificates for Junior Subordinated Debentures are printed and delivered, 
 the Junior Subordinated Debentures will be issued in fully registered form without coupons 
 a holder of certificated Junior Subordinated Debentures would be able to exchange those Junior Subordinated Debentures, without charge, for an equal aggregate principal amount of Junior Subordinated Debentures of the same series, having the same issue date and with identical terms and provisions and 
 a holder of certificated Junior Subordinated Debentures would be able to transfer those Junior Subordinated Debentures without cost to another holder, other than for applicable stamp taxes or other governmental charges. 
 Purchases of global securities under the DTC system must be made by or through direct participants, which will receive a credit for the global securities on DTC s records. The ownership interest of each actual purchaser of each security Beneficial Owner is in turn to be recorded on the direct and indirect participants records. Beneficial Owners will not receive written confirmation from DTC of their purchase, but Beneficial Owners are expected to receive written confirmations providing details of the transaction, as well as periodic statements of their holdings, from the direct participant or indirect participant through which the Beneficial Owner entered into the transaction. 
 The information in this section concerning DTC and DTC s book-entry system has been obtained from sources that NEE Capital and NEE believe to be reliable, but neither NEE Capital or NEE takes any responsibility for the accuracy of this information. 
 Agreement by Holders of Certain Tax Treatment. Each holder of the Junior Subordinated Debentures will, by accepting the Junior Subordinated Debentures or a beneficial interest therein, be deemed to have agreed that the holder intends that the Junior Subordinated Debentures constitute indebtedness and will treat the Junior Subordinated Debentures as indebtedness for all United States federal, state and local tax purposes. 
 IV. INFORMATION CONCERNING THE TRUSTEE 
 NEE and its subsidiaries, including NEE Capital, and various of their affiliates maintain various banking and trust relationships with The Bank of New York Mellon and its affiliates. The Bank of New York Mellon acts as (i) indenture trustee, security registrar and paying agent under the indenture described under Description of the NEE Capital Debentures above, (ii) guarantee trustee under the guarantee agreement described under Description of NEE Guarantee above, (iii) purchase contract agent under the purchase contract agreements described under Description of Description of Equity Units above and (iv) Junior Subordinated Indenture Trustee, security registrar and paying agent under the Junior Subordinated Indenture described under Description of the NEE Capital Junior Subordinated Debentures and NEE Junior Subordinated Guarantee above. 
 88 
 DB1 134224079.5 

</EX-4.KKK>

<EX-10.MM>
 3
 nee-q42022xex10mm.htm
 EX-10.MM

Document 
 Exhibit 10(mm) 

 NEXTERA ENERGY, INC. 
 NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTOR COMPENSATION SUMMARY 
 (Effective January 1, 2023) 

Annual Retainer (payable quarterly in common stock or cash) 
 145,000 Audit Committee Chair retainer (annual) (payable quarterly) 
 25,000 Lead Director retainer (annual) (payable quarterly) 
 40,000 Nuclear Committee Chair retainer (annual) (payable quarterly) 
 25,000 Other Committee Chair retainer (annual) (payable quarterly) 
 20,000 Annual grant of restricted stock (under 2017 Non-Employee Directors Stock Plan) 
 That number of shares determined by dividing 185,000 by closing price of NextEra Energy common stock on effective date of grant (rounded up to the nearest 10 shares) Miscellaneous - Travel and Accident Insurance (including spouse coverage) - Travel and related expenses while on Board business, and actual administrative or similar expenses incurred for Board or Committee business, are paid or reimbursed by the Company. Directors may travel on Company aircraft in accordance with the Company s Aviation Policy (primarily to or from Board meetings and while on Board business in limited circumstances for other reasons if the Company would incur little if any incremental cost, space is available and the aircraft is already in use for another authorized purpose - may be accompanied by immediate family members when space is available). 
 - Directors may participate in the Company s Deferred Compensation Plan. - Directors may participate in the Company s matching gift program, which matches gifts to educational institutions to a maximum of 10,000 per donor. 

</EX-10.MM>

<EX-10.XX>
 4
 nee-q42022xex10xx.htm
 EX-10.XX

Document 
 Exhibit 10(xx) 

 EXECUTIVE RETENTION EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 
 
 Executive Retention Employment Agreement between NextEra Energy, Inc., a Florida corporation (the Company ), and Mark A. Lemasney (the Executive ), dated as of January 1, 2023. The Board of Directors of the Company (the Board has determined that it is in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders to assure that the Company and its Affiliated Companies will have the continued dedication of the Executive, notwithstanding the possibility, threat or occurrence of a Potential Change of Control or a Change of Control (each as defined below) of the Company. The Board believes it is imperative to diminish the inevitable distraction of the Executive by virtue of the personal uncertainties and risks created by the circumstances surrounding a Potential Change of Control or a Change of Control and to encourage the Executive's full attention and dedication to the Company and its Affiliated Companies currently and in the event of any Potential Change of Control or Change of Control (and, under certain circumstances, in the event of the termination or abandonment of a Change of Control transaction), and to provide the Executive with compensation and benefits arrangements which ensure that the compensation and benefits expectations of the Executive will be satisfied and which are competitive with those of other corporations which may compete with the Company for the services of the Executive. Therefore, in order to accomplish these objectives, the Board has caused the Company to enter into this Executive Retention Employment Agreement (this Agreement ). 
 
 Therefore, the Company and the Executive agree as follows 
 
 1. Effective Date Term. 
 (a) Effective Date . The effective date of this Agreement (the Effective Date shall be the date on which (i) a Potential Change of Control occurs, (ii) the Company s shareholders approve a plan of complete liquidation or dissolution of the Company, (iii) a Change of Control occurs pursuant to Section 2(a)(1) or (2) below, or (iv) a definitive agreement is signed by the Company which provides for a transaction that, if approved by shareholders or consummated, as applicable, would result in a Change of Control pursuant to Section 2(a)(3) or (4) below provided, however, that any of the foregoing which may have occurred prior to the date hereof shall be disregarded. Anything in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, if, prior to the Effective Date, the Executive's employment with the Company or its Affiliated Companies was terminated by the Company or its Affiliated Companies, or both, as applicable, other than for Cause or Disability (each as defined below) or by the Executive for Good Reason (as defined below) and the Executive can reasonably demonstrate that such termination (or the event constituting Good Reason) took place (a) at the request or direction of a third party who took action that caused a Potential Change of Control or (b) in contemplation of an event that would give rise to an Effective Date, an Effective Date will be deemed to have occurred Deemed Effective Date immediately prior to the Date of Termination (as defined in Section 6(e) below), provided that a Change of Control occurs within a six-month period following such Date of Termination. As used in this Agreement, the term Affiliated Companies shall include any corporation or other entity controlled by, controlling or under common control with the Company and the term Subsidiary shall mean (x) any corporation or other entity (other than the Company) with respect to which the Company owns, directly or indirectly, 50 or more of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock or other ownership interests or (y) any other related entity which may be designated by the Board as a Subsidiary, provided such entity could be considered a subsidiary according to generally accepted accounting principles. 

1 

Exhibit 10(xx) 

 (b) Term . The term of this Agreement shall commence on January 1, 2023 and end on January 1, 2025 Initial Term ). However, at the end of the Initial Term, and, if extended, at the end of each additional year thereafter, so long as the Executive is still an employee of the Company, the term of this Agreement will be automatically extended for another year, unless the Company shall have provided written notice to the Executive at least six months before the end of the then-current term that it does not want the term to be extended. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Agreement shall not terminate during the Employment Period. 
 
 2. Change of Control Potential Change of Control. 
 For the purposes of this Agreement 
 
 (a) A Change of Control shall mean the first (and only the first) to occur of the following 
 
 (1) The acquisition by any individual, entity or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or 14(d)(2) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )) of beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act) of 20 or more of either (x) the then outstanding shares of common stock of the Company (the Outstanding Company Common Stock or (y) the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities of the Company entitled to vote generally in the election of directors (the Outstanding Company Voting Securities provided, however, that the following acquisitions (collectively, the Excluded Acquisitions shall not constitute a Change of Control (it being understood that shares acquired in an Excluded Acquisition may nevertheless be considered in determining whether any subsequent acquisition by such individual, entity or group (other than an Excluded Acquisition) constitutes a Change of Control) (i) any acquisition directly from the Company or any Subsidiary (ii) any acquisition by the Company or any Subsidiary (iii) any acquisition by any employee benefit plan (or related trust) sponsored or maintained by the Company or any Subsidiary (iv) any acquisition by an underwriter temporarily holding Company securities pursuant to an offering of such securities (v) any acquisition in connection with which, pursuant to Rule 13d-1 promulgated pursuant to the Exchange Act, the individual, entity or group is permitted to, and actually does, report its beneficial ownership on Schedule 13G (or any successor Schedule) provided that, if any such individual, entity or group subsequently becomes required to or does report its beneficial ownership on Schedule 13D (or any successor Schedule), then, for purposes of this paragraph, such individual, entity or group shall be deemed to have first acquired, on the first date on which such individual, entity or group becomes required to or does so report, beneficial ownership of all of the Outstanding Company Common Stock and or Outstanding Company Voting Securities beneficially owned by it on such date or (vi) any acquisition in connection with a Business Combination (as hereinafter defined) which, pursuant to subparagraph (3) below, does not constitute a Change of Control or 
 
 (2) Individuals who, as of the date hereof, constitute the Board (the Incumbent Board cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the Board provided, however, that any individual becoming a director subsequent to the date hereof whose election, or nomination for election by the Company's shareholders, was approved by a vote of at least a majority of the directors then comprising the Incumbent Board shall be considered as though such individual were a member of the Incumbent Board, but excluding, for this purpose, any such individual whose initial assumption of office occurs as a result of either an actual or threatened election contest with respect to the election or removal of directors or other actual or threatened solicitation of proxies or consents by or on behalf of an individual, entity or group other than the Board or 
 (3) Consummation by the Company of a reorganization, merger, consolidation or other business combination (any of the foregoing, a Business Combination of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company with any other corporation, in any case with respect to which 

2 

Exhibit 10(xx) 

 (i) the Outstanding Company Voting Securities outstanding immediately prior to such Business Combination do not, immediately following such Business Combination, continue to represent (either by remaining outstanding or being converted into voting securities of the resulting or surviving entity or any ultimate parent thereof) more than 55 of the outstanding common stock and of the then outstanding voting securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors of the resulting or surviving entity (or any ultimate parent thereof) or 
 
 (ii) less than a majority of the members of the board of directors of the resulting or surviving entity (or any ultimate parent thereof) in such Business Combination (the New Board consists of individuals Continuing Directors who were members of the Incumbent Board (as defined in subparagraph (2) above) immediately prior to consummation of such Business Combination (excluding from Continuing Directors for this purpose, however, any individual whose election or appointment to the Board was at the request, directly or indirectly, of the entity which entered into the definitive agreement with the Company or any Subsidiary providing for such Business Combination) or 
 
 (4) (i) Consummation of a sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, other than to a corporation with respect to which, following such sale or other disposition, more than 55 of, respectively, the then outstanding shares of common stock of such corporation and the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities of such corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors is then beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, by all or substantially all of the individuals and entities who were the beneficial owners, respectively, of the Outstanding Company Common Stock and Outstanding Company Voting Securities immediately prior to such sale or other disposition in substantially the same proportion as their ownership, immediately prior to such sale or other disposition, of the Outstanding Company Common Stock and Outstanding Company Voting Securities as the case may be or (ii) shareholder approval of a complete liquidation or dissolution of the Company. 
 
 The term the sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company shall mean a sale or other disposition transaction or series of related transactions involving assets of the Company or of any Subsidiary (including the stock of any Subsidiary) in which the value of the assets or stock being sold or otherwise disposed of (as measured by the purchase price being paid therefor or by such other method as the Board determines is appropriate in a case where there is no readily ascertainable purchase price) constitutes more than two-thirds of the fair market value of the Company (as hereinafter defined). The fair market value of the Company shall be the aggregate market value of the then Outstanding Company Common Stock (on a fully diluted basis) plus the aggregate market value of the Company's other outstanding equity securities. The aggregate market value of the shares of Outstanding Company Common Stock shall be determined by multiplying the number of shares of Outstanding Company Common Stock (on a fully diluted basis) outstanding on the date of the execution and delivery of a definitive agreement with respect to the transaction or series of related transactions (the Transaction Date by the average closing price of the shares of Outstanding Company Common Stock for the ten trading days immediately preceding the Transaction Date. The aggregate market value of any other equity securities of the Company shall be determined in a manner similar to that prescribed in the immediately preceding sentence for determining the aggregate market value of the shares of Outstanding Company Common Stock or by such other method as the Board shall determine is appropriate. 
 
 (b) A Potential Change of Control shall be deemed to have occurred if an event set forth in either of the following subparagraphs shall have occurred 
 
 (1) the Company or any individual, entity or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or 14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act)publicly announces or otherwise communicates to the Board in writing an intention to take or to consider taking actions e.g. , a bear hug letter, an unsolicited offer or the 
 
 3 

Exhibit 10(xx) 

 commencement of a proxy contest) which, if consummated or approved by shareholders, as applicable, would constitute a Change of Control or 
 
 (2) any individual, entity or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or 14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act) directly or indirectly, acquires beneficial ownership of 15 or more of the Outstanding Company Common Stock or Outstanding Company Voting Securities provided, however, that Excluded Acquisitions shall not constitute a Potential Change of Control. 
 
 3. Employment Period. 
 (a) The Company hereby agrees to continue the Executive in its or its Affiliated Companies' employ, or both, as the case may be, and the Executive hereby agrees to remain in the employ of the Company, or its Affiliated Companies, or both, as the case may be, subject to the terms of this Agreement, for a period commencing on the Effective Date and ending on the second anniversary of the Effective Date (such period or, if shorter, the period from the Effective Date to the Date of Termination, is hereinafter referred to as the Employment Period ). 
 
 (b) Anything in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, (x) if an Effective Date occurs (other than as a result of a Change of Control under Section 2(a)(1) or (2) above) and the Board adopts a resolution to the effect that the event or circumstance giving rise to the Effective Date no longer exists (including by reason of the termination or abandonment of the transaction contemplated by the definitive agreement referred to in clause (iv) of Section 1 hereof), the Employment Period shall terminate on the date the Board adopts such resolution, but this Agreement shall otherwise remain in effect, and (y) if a Change of Control occurs pursuant to Section 2(a)(3) or (4) above during the Employment Period, the Employment Period shall immediately extend to and end on the second anniversary of the date of such Change of Control (or, if earlier, to the Date of Termination) and a new Effective Date will be deemed to have occurred on the date of such Change of Control. 
 4. Position and Duties. 
 During the Employment Period, the Executive's titles and reporting requirements with the Company or its Affiliated Companies or both, as the case may be, shall be commensurate with those in effect during the 90-day period immediately preceding the Effective Date. The duties and responsibilities assigned to the Executive may be increased, decreased or otherwise changed during the Employment Period, provided that the duties and responsibilities assigned to the Executive at any given time are not a material diminution of the Executive's titles and reporting requirements as in effect during the 90-day period immediately preceding the Effective Date. The Executive's services shall be performed at the location where the Executive was employed immediately preceding the Effective Date or any location less than 50 miles from such location, although the Executive understands and agrees that he may be required to travel from time to time for business purposes. 
 
 During the Employment Period, and excluding any periods of vacation and sick leave to which the Executive is entitled, the Executive agrees to devote substantially all of his time and attention during normal business hours to the business and affairs of the Company and its Affiliated Companies and to use his reasonable best efforts to perform faithfully and efficiently the duties and responsibilities assigned to him hereunder. During the Employment Period it shall not be a violation of this Agreement for the Executive to serve on corporate, civic or charitable boards or committees, deliver lectures, fulfill speaking engagements or teach at educational institutions and devote reasonable amounts of time to the management of his and his family's personal investments and affairs, so long as such activities do not significantly interfere with the performance of the Executive's responsibilities as an employee of the Company or its Affiliated Companies in accordance with this Agreement. It is expressly understood and agreed that to the extent that any such activities have been conducted by the Executive prior to the Effective Date, the reinstatement or continued conduct of such activities (or the reinstatement or conduct of activities similar in nature and scope thereto) subsequent to the Effective 
 
 4 

Exhibit 10(xx) 

 Date shall not thereafter be deemed to interfere with the performance of the Executive's responsibilities to the Company and its Affiliated Companies. 
 
 5. Compensation. 
 During the Employment Period, the Executive shall be compensated as follows 
 
 (a) Annual Base Salary . The Executive shall be paid an annual base salary Annual Base Salary ), in equal biweekly installments or otherwise in accordance with the Company s then-current payroll practice, at least equal to the annual rate of base salary being paid to the Executive by the Company and its Affiliated Companies as of the Effective Date. The Annual Base Salary shall be reviewed at least annually and shall be increased substantially consistent with increases in base salary generally awarded to other peer executives of the Company and its Affiliated Companies. Any increase in Annual Base Salary shall not serve to limit or reduce any other obligation to the Executive under this Agreement. Annual Base Salary shall not be reduced after any such increase and the term Annual Base Salary as utilized in this Agreement shall refer to Annual Base Salary as so increased. 
 
 (b) Annual Bonus . In addition to Annual Base Salary, upon the terms and subject to the conditions of this paragraph (b), the Executive shall, for each fiscal year ending during the Employment Period, be entitled to an annual cash bonus (the Annual Bonus opportunity equal to a percentage of his Annual Base Salary. Such percentage shall be substantially consistent with the targeted percentages generally awarded to other peer executives of the Company and its Affiliated Companies, but at least equal to the higher of (i) the percentage obtained by dividing his targeted annual bonus for the then current fiscal year by his then Annual Base Salary or (ii) the average percentage of his annual base salary (as in effect for the applicable years) that was paid or payable, including by reason of any deferral, to the Executive by the Company and its Affiliated Companies as an annual bonus (however described, including as annual incentive compensation) for each of the three fiscal years immediately preceding the fiscal year in which the Effective Date occurs (or, if higher, for each of the three fiscal years immediately preceding the fiscal year in which a Change of Control occurs, if a Change of Control occurs following the Effective Date). For the purposes of any calculation required to be made under clause (ii) of the preceding sentence, an annual bonus shall be annualized for any fiscal year consisting of less than twelve full months or with respect to which the Executive was employed for, and received pro-rated annual incentive compensation with respect to, less than the full twelve months, and, if the Executive has not been employed for the full duration of the three fiscal years immediately preceding the year in which the Effective Date occurs, the average shall be calculated over the duration of the Executive's employment in such period. Each such Annual Bonus shall be paid no later than the end of the second month of the fiscal year next following the fiscal year for which the Annual Bonus is awarded, unless the Executive otherwise elects to defer the receipt of such Annual Bonus in accordance with a deferred compensation plan of the Company or its Affiliated Companies that complies with Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code (the Code ). The foregoing provisions of this paragraph (b) shall be qualified by the following terms and conditions. 
 
 (c) Long Term Incentive Compensation . During the Employment Period, the Executive shall be entitled to participate in all incentive compensation plans, practices, policies, and programs applicable generally to other peer executives of the Company and its Affiliated Companies, but in no event shall such plans, practices, policies, and programs provide the Executive with incentive opportunities and potential benefits, both as to amount and percentage of compensation, less favorable, in the aggregate, than those provided by the Company and its Affiliated Companies for the Executive under the NextEra Energy, Inc. 2021 Long Term Incentive Plan (or its successor) (including, without limitation, performance share awards, stock option grants and restricted stock awards), or other plan providing for the grant of equity compensation for executive officers, as in effect at any time during the 90-day period immediately preceding the Effective Date or, if more favorable to the Executive, those provided generally at any time after the Effective Date to other peer executives of the Company and its Affiliated Companies. 
 
 5 

Exhibit 10(xx) 

(d) Savings and Retirement Plans . During the Employment Period, the Executive shall be entitled to participate in all savings and retirement plans (whether tax-qualified or non-qualified plans), practices, policies, and programs applicable generally to other peer executives of the Company and its Affiliated Companies, but in no event shall such plans, practices, policies, and programs provide the Executive with savings opportunities and retirement benefit opportunities, in each case, less favorable, in the aggregate, than the most favorable of those provided by the Company and its Affiliated Companies for the Executive under such plans, practices, policies, and programs as in effect at any time during the 90-day period immediately preceding the Effective Date or, if more favorable to the Executive, those provided generally at any time after the Effective Date to other peer executives of the Company and its Affiliated Companies. 
 
 (e) Benefit Plans . During the Employment Period, the Executive and or the Executive's family, as the case may be, shall be eligible for participation in and shall receive all benefits under welfare benefit plans, practices, policies, and programs provided by the Company and its Affiliated Companies (including, without limitation, medical, executive medical, annual executive physical, prescription, dental, vision, short-term disability, long-term disability, executive long-term disability, salary continuance, employee life, group life, accidental death and dismemberment, and travel accident insurance plans and programs) to the extent applicable generally to other peer executives of the Company and its Affiliated Companies, but in no event shall such plans, practices, policies, and programs provide the Executive with benefits which are less favorable, in the aggregate, than the most favorable of such plans, practices, policies, and programs in effect for the Executive at any time during the 90-day period immediately preceding the Effective Date or, if more favorable to the Executive, those provided generally at any time after the Effective Date to other peer executives of the Company and its Affiliated Companies. 
 
 (f) Expenses . During the Employment Period, the Executive shall be entitled to receive prompt reimbursement for all reasonable expenses incurred by the Executive in accordance with the most favorable policies, practices, and procedures of the Company and its Affiliated Companies in effect for the Executive at any time during the 90-day period immediately preceding the Effective Date or, if more favorable to the Executive, as in effect generally at any time thereafter with respect to other peer executives of the Company and its Affiliated Companies. The payment of such reimbursements shall be made within thirty (30) days after submission of requests for reimbursement in accordance with applicable policies and procedures of the Company. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 5(f) or elsewhere, reimbursement of expenses will be made consistent with the Company s Expense Reimbursement Policy, which is intended to comply with the requirements of Code 
 Section 409A and Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(i)(1)(iv). 
 
 (g) Fringe Benefits . During the Employment Period, the Executive shall be entitled to fringe benefits in accordance with the most favorable plans, practices, programs, and policies of the Company and its Affiliated Companies in effect for the Executive at any time during the 90-day period immediately preceding the Effective Date or, if more favorable to the Executive, as in effect generally at any time thereafter with respect to other peer executives of the Company and its Affiliated Companies. 
 
 (h) Vacation . During the Employment Period, the Executive shall be entitled to paid vacation in accordance with the most favorable plans, policies, programs, and practices of the Company and its Affiliated Companies as in effect for the Executive at any time during the 90-day period immediately preceding the Effective Date or, if more favorable to the Executive, as in effect generally at any time thereafter with respect to other peer executives of the Company and its Affiliated Companies. In addition to, and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding sentence, any unused vacation days shall be carried over from year to year in accordance with Company policy as in effect immediately prior to the commencement of the Employment Period. 
 
 6 

Exhibit 10(xx) 

6. Termination of Employment. 
 (a) Death or Disability . The Executive s employment shall terminate automatically upon the Executive s death during the Employment Period. If the Company determines in good faith that the Disability of the Executive has occurred during the Employment Period (pursuant to the definition of Disability set forth below), it may give to the Executive written notice in accordance with Section 14(b) of this Agreement of its intention to terminate the Executive's employment. In such event, the Executive's employment with the Company shall terminate effective on the 30th day after receipt of such notice by the Executive (the Disability Effective Date ), provided that, within the 30 days after such receipt, the Executive shall not have returned to full-time performance of the Executive s duties. For purposes of this Agreement, Disability shall mean the absence of the Executive from the Executive's duties with the Company on a full-time basis for 180 consecutive business days as a result of incapacity due to mental or physical illness which is determined to be total and permanent by a physician selected by the Company or its insurers and acceptable to the Executive or the Executive's legal representative (such agreement as to acceptability not to be withheld unreasonably). 
 
 (b) Cause . The Company may terminate the Executive's employment during the Employment Period for Cause. For purposes of this Agreement, Cause shall mean (i) repeated violations by the Executive of the Executive's obligations under Section 4 of this Agreement (other than as a result of incapacity due to physical or mental illness) which are demonstrably willful and deliberate on the Executive's part, which are committed in bad faith or without reasonable belief that such violations are in the best interests of the Company and which are not remedied in a reasonable period of time after receipt of written notice from the Company specifying such violations (ii) material violation of the Company s Code of Business Conduct & Ethics (iii) intentional misconduct that results in financial or reputational harm to the Company or its Affiliated Companies (iv) violation of the Protective Covenants set forth in Section 11 below or (v) the conviction of the Executive of a felony involving an act of dishonesty intended to result in substantial personal enrichment at the expense of the Company or its Affiliated Companies. 
 
 (c) Good Reason . The Executive's employment may be terminated during the Employment Period by the Executive for Good Reason. For purposes of this Agreement, Good Reason shall mean 
 
 (1) any failure by the Company to comply with the provisions of Section 4 of this Agreement, including without limitation, the assignment to the Executive of any duties and responsibilities that are a material diminution of the Executive's duties and responsibilities as in effect during the 90-day period immediately preceding the Effective Date, but excluding for this purpose an isolated, insubstantial and inadvertent action not taken in bad faith and which is remedied by the Company promptly after receipt of written notice thereof given by the Executive or a diminution of duties or responsibility on account of the Executive s incapacity due to physical or mental illness 
 
 (2) any failure by the Company to materially comply with any of the provisions of Section 5 of this Agreement, other than an isolated, insubstantial and inadvertent failure not occurring in bad faith and which is remedied by the Company promptly after receipt of notice thereof given by the Executive 
 
 (3) the Company's requiring the Executive to be based at any office or location other than that described in Section 4 hereof 
 
 (4) any purported termination by the Company of the Executive's employment other than as expressly permitted by this Agreement or 

7 

Exhibit 10(xx) 

 (5) any failure by the Company to comply with and satisfy Section 13(c) of this Agreement, provided that such successor has received at least ten days prior written notice from the Company or the Executive of the requirements of Section 13(c) of the Agreement. 
 
 For purposes of this Section 6(c), the written notice shall describe in sufficient detail the reason or condition that the Executive believes would permit the Executive to terminate his employment for Good Reason, and be provided by the Executive to the Company in accordance with Section 14(b) of this Agreement within ninety (90) days of the initial occurrence of such condition. Upon receipt of such notice, the Company shall have a period of not less than thirty (30) days to cure the condition, pursuant to reasonable procedures established by the Company consistent with Treas. Reg. 1.409A-1(n). In the event that such condition is not cured, the Executive s employment shall terminate no later than thirty (30) days after the expiration of the thirty-day notice period. 
 
 (d) Notice of Termination . Any termination by the Company for Cause, or by the Executive for Good Reason, shall be communicated by Notice of Termination to the other party hereto given in accordance with Section 14(b) of this Agreement. For purposes of this Agreement, a Notice of Termination means a written notice which (i) indicates the specific termination provision in this Agreement relied upon, (ii) to the extent applicable, sets forth in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances claimed to provide a basis for termination of the Executive's employment under the provision so indicated, and (iii) if the Date of Termination (as defined below) is other than the date of receipt of such notice, specifies the termination date (which date shall be not more than fifteen calendar days after the giving of such notice). The failure by the Executive or the Company to set forth in the Notice of Termination any facts or circumstances which contribute to a showing of Good Reason or Cause shall not waive any right of the Executive or the Company, respectively, hereunder or preclude the Executive or the Company, respectively, from asserting such facts or circumstances in enforcing the Executive's or the Company's rights hereunder. 
 
 (e) Date of Termination . Date of Termination means (i) if the Executive's employment is terminated by the Company for Cause, or by the Executive for Good Reason, the date of receipt of the Notice of Termination or any later date specified therein, as the case may be, (ii) if the Executive's employment is terminated by the Company other than for Cause or Disability, the date on which the Company notifies the Executive of such termination, and (iii) if the Executive's employment is terminated by reason of death or Disability, the date of death of the Executive or the Disability Effective Date, as the case may be. 
 
 7. Obligations of the Company upon Termination. 
 (a) Following a Change of Control Good Reason Other Than for Cause or Disability. If following a Change of Control and during the Employment Period, the Company terminates the Executive s employment other than for Cause or Disability or death or the Executive terminates employment for Good Reason, then, subject to the Executive s satisfaction of the requirements of Sections 11 (Protective Covenants) and 14(g) (release of claims) 
 
 (1) the Company shall pay to the Executive in a lump sum in cash within 60 days after the Date of Termination the aggregate of the following amounts (such aggregate being hereinafter referred to as the Special Termination Amount 
 
 (i) the sum of (1) the Executive's Annual Base Salary through the Date of Termination to the extent not theretofore paid Accrued Unpaid Salary ), (2) the product of (x) the Annual Bonus in effect at such date and (y) a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days in the current fiscal year through the Date of Termination, and the denominator of which is 365, and (3) any accrued vacation pay at the Annual Base Salary rate in effect as of the termination of employment Vacation Pay ), in each case to the extent not 
 
 8 

Exhibit 10(xx) 

 theretofore paid (the sum of the amounts described in subclauses (1), (2), and (3) herein shall be called the Accrued Obligations and 
 
 (ii) the amount equal to the product of (1) two, and (2) the sum of (x) the Executive's Annual Base Salary and (y) the Executive's Annual Bonus in effect at such date provided, however, that such amount shall be paid in lieu of, and the Executive hereby waives the right to receive, any other amount of benefits under any severance or separation pay plan of the Company, including but not limited to the NextEra Energy, Inc. Executive Severance Benefit Plan) and 
 
 (iii) if the Change of Control hereunder is also a change in ownership, a change in effective control or a change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of the Company within the meaning of Code Section 409A, any compensation previously deferred by the Executive (together with any accrued interest or earnings thereon) including, without limitation, compensation, bonus, incentive compensation or awards deferred under the NextEra Energy, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan or incentive compensation or awards deferred under the FPL Group, Inc. Long-Term Incentive Plan of 1985, the FPL Group, Inc. Long-Term Incentive Plan of 1994, or pursuant to any individual deferral agreement provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, if the Change of Control hereunder is not any such event within the meaning of Code Section 409A, payment of the foregoing amounts shall be made as soon practicable consistent with Code Section 409A 
 
 (2) each outstanding performance stock-based award granted to the Executive prior to the Change of Control shall be fully vested and earned at a deemed achievement level equal to the higher of (x) the targeted level of performance for such award or (y) the average level (expressed as a percentage of target) of achievement in respect of similar performance stock-based awards which matured over the three fiscal years immediately preceding the year in which the Change of Control occurred payment of each such vested award shall be made to the Executive, in the form described below, as soon as practicable following the Date of Termination consistent with Code Section 409A 
 
 (3) all other outstanding stock-based awards granted to the Executive prior to the Change of Control shall be fully vested and earned 
 
 (4) any outstanding option, stock appreciation right, and other outstanding award in the nature of a right that may be exercised that was granted to the Executive prior to the Change of Control and which was not previously exercisable and vested shall become fully exercisable and vested 
 
 (5) the restrictions and forfeiture conditions applicable to any outstanding award granted to the Executive prior to the Change of Control under the NextEra Energy, Inc. Amended and Restated 2011 Long Term Incentive Plan (or its successor) (including, without limitation, performance share awards, stock option grants and restricted stock awards), or other plan providing for the grant of equity compensation for executive officers. shall lapse and such award shall be deemed fully vested. 
 
 (6) for an 24-month period commencing on the Date of Termination (the Continuation Period (which period shall be concurrent with the applicable continuation period set forth in Code Section 4980B), or such longer period as any plan, program, practice or policy may provide, the Company shall continue benefits to the Executive and or the Executive's family at least equal to those which would have been provided to them in accordance with the plans, programs, practices and policies described in Sections 5(e) and 5(g) of this Agreement if the Executive's employment had not been terminated, in accordance with the most favorable plans, practices, programs or policies of the Company and its Affiliated Companies applicable generally to other peer executives and their families during the 90-day period immediately preceding the Effective Date or, if more favorable to the Executive, as in effect generally at any time thereafter with respect to other peer executives of the Company and its Affiliated Companies and their families, provided, however, that if the Executive 
 
 9 

Exhibit 10(xx) 

 becomes reemployed with another employer and is eligible to receive medical or other welfare benefits under another employer provided plan, the medical and other welfare benefits described herein shall be secondary to those provided under such other plan during such applicable period of eligibility. For purposes of determining eligibility of the Executive for retiree benefits pursuant to such plans, practices, programs and policies, the Executive shall be considered to have remained employed until the end of the Continuation Period and to have retired on the last day of such period. In addition to, and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in, the foregoing provisions of this subparagraph (6), and to the extent that the benefit referred to in this sentence is more favorable to the Executive than the benefit conferred by the foregoing provisions of this subparagraph (6), upon termination of employment, the Executive shall be entitled without limitation as to period to enroll in Access Only Benefits, as defined in the NextEra Energy, Inc. Retiree Benefits Plan as amended and restated effective January 1, 2013 (the Retiree Benefits Plan ), or in a comparable medical benefits arrangement, if the Executive satisfies the eligibility requirements as stated in Appendix B to the Retiree Benefits Plan as in effect as of April 1, 2020, even if Access Only Benefits, or comparable medical benefits, are no longer being provided to other employees of the Company provided, that such medical benefits shall be provided to the Executive to the extent that such coverage is available under the Company s health, dental and vision plans or can be obtained on commercially reasonable terms 
 
 (7) to the extent not theretofore paid or provided, the Company shall timely pay or provide to the Executive any other amounts or benefits required to be paid or provided or which the Executive is eligible to receive pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise under any plan, program, policy or practice or contract or agreement of the Company and its Affiliated Companies, but excluding solely for purposes of this Section 7(a)(7) (and subsequent sections hereof which make reference to payments of amounts or benefits described in this Section 7(a)(7)) amounts waived by the Executive pursuant to Section 7(a)(1)(ii) and 
 
 (8) the Company shall provide the Executive with outplacement services commensurate with those provided to terminated executives of comparable level made available through and at the facilities of a reputable and experienced vendor. 
 
 (b) Following an Effective Date and Prior to a Change of Control Good Reason Other Than for Cause or Disability . If, following an actual Effective Date i.e. , not a Deemed Effective Date) and prior to a Change of Control, the Company terminates the Executive's employment during the Employment Period other than for Cause or Disability or death or the Executive terminates employment for Good Reason, then the Company shall provide the Executive with the payments and benefits described under Sections 7(a)(1) through (8), except that for purposes of the benefits under Section 7(a)(2), the applicable averaging period shall be the three fiscal years immediately preceding the year in which the Date of Termination occurs. 
 
 (c) Deemed Effective Date . If the Executive's employment terminates after a Deemed Effective Date as defined in, and under the circumstances described in, the second sentence of Section 1 hereof, then the Company shall provide the Executive with the payments and benefits described under Sections 7(a)(1) through (8). 
 
 (d) Death . Upon the Executive's death during the Employment Period, this Agreement shall terminate without further obligations to the Executive's legal representatives under this Agreement, other than for payment of Accrued Obligations and the timely payment or provision of the benefits described in Sections 7(a)(6) and 7(a)(7) (the Other Benefits ). All Accrued Obligations shall be paid to the Executive's estate or beneficiary, as applicable, in a lump sum in cash within 30 days of the Date of Termination. The term Other Benefits as utilized in this Section 7(d) shall include, without limitation, and the Executive's family shall be entitled to receive, benefits at least equal to the most favorable benefits provided by the Company and any of its Affiliated Companies to surviving families of peer executives of the Company and such Affiliated Companies under such plans, programs, 
 
 10 

Exhibit 10(xx) 

 practices and policies relating to family death benefits, if any, as in effect with respect to other peer executives and their families at any time during the 90-day period immediately preceding the Effective Date or, if more favorable to the Executive and or the Executive's family, as in effect on the date of the Executive's death with respect to other peer executives of the Company and its Affiliated Companies and their families. 
 
 (e) Disability . If the Executive's employment is terminated by reason of the Executive's Disability during the Employment Period, this Agreement shall terminate without further obligations to the Executive, other than for payment of Accrued Obligations and the timely payment or provision of Other Benefits (as defined in Section 7(d)). All Accrued Obligations shall be paid to the Executive in a lump sum in cash within 30 days of the Date of Termination. The term Other Benefits as utilized in this Section 7(e) shall also include, and the Executive shall be entitled after the Disability Effective Date to receive, disability and other benefits at least equal to the most favorable of those generally provided by the Company and its Affiliated Companies to disabled executives and or their families in accordance with such plans, programs, practices and policies relating to disability, if any, as in effect generally with respect to other peer executives and their families at any time during the 90-day period immediately preceding the Effective Date or, if more favorable to the Executive and or the Executive's family, as in effect at any time thereafter generally with respect to other peer executives of the Company and its Affiliated Companies and their families. 
 
 (f) Cause Other Than for Good Reason . If the Executive's employment shall be terminated for Cause during the Employment Period, this Agreement shall terminate without further obligations to the Executive other than the obligation to pay to the Executive Annual Base Salary through the Date of Termination plus the amount of any compensation previously deferred by the Executive (under the terms set forth in, and pursuant to the elections made under, the applicable deferred compensation plan or arrangement), in each case to the extent theretofore unpaid. If the Executive terminates employment during the Employment Period, excluding a termination for Good Reason, this Agreement shall terminate without further obligations to the Executive, other than Accrued Base Salary and Vacation Pay, and the timely payment or provision of benefits pursuant to the last sentence of Section 7(a)(6) and Section 7(a)(7). In such case, Accrued Base Salary and Vacation Pay shall be paid to the Executive in a lump sum in cash within 30 days of the Date of Termination. 
 
 (g) Payment Schedule . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, to the extent required to comply with Code Section 409A(a)(2)(B), (i) if the Executive's termination of employment does not constitute a separation from service within the meaning of Code Section 409A, any taxable payment or benefit which becomes due under this Agreement as a result of such termination of employment shall be deferred to the earliest date on which the Executive has a separation from service within the meaning of Code Section 409A and (ii) if the Executive is deemed to be a specified employee for purposes of Code Section 409A(a)(2)(B), payments due to him that would otherwise have been payable at any time during the six-month period immediately following separation from service (as defined for purposes of Code Section 409A) shall not be paid prior to, and shall instead be payable in a lump sum as soon as practicable following, the expiration of such six-month period. Any amounts deferred under this Section 7(g) shall bear interest from the date originally scheduled to be paid through and including the date of actual payment at 120 of the applicable federal long-term rate (as prescribed under Code Section 1274(d)) per annum, compounded quarterly. In addition to the foregoing, payments that are or become due on account of a Deemed Effective Date shall be made at the time otherwise provided in this Agreement or, if later, the earlier of six months following the Date of Termination and the date of occurrence of a change in control event (within the meaning of Code Section 409A and the regulations thereunder). 
 
 8. Non-Exclusivity of Rights. 
 Except as otherwise expressly provided for in this Agreement, nothing in this Agreement shall prevent or limit the Executive's continuing or future participation in any plan, program, policy or 
 
 11 

Exhibit 10(xx) 

 practice provided by the Company or any of its Affiliated Companies and for which the Executive may qualify (other than any benefits under any severance or separation pay plan of the Company, including but not limited to the NextEra Energy, Inc. Executive Severance Benefit Plan), nor shall anything herein limit or otherwise affect such rights as the Executive may have under any contract or agreement with the Company or any of its Affiliated Companies. Amounts which are vested benefits or which the Executive is otherwise entitled to receive under any plan, policy, practice or program of or any contract or agreement with the Company or any of its Affiliated Companies at or subsequent to the Date of Termination shall be payable in accordance with such plan, policy, practice or program or contract or agreement except as explicitly modified by this Agreement and consistent with Code Section 409A. 
 
 9. Full Settlement. 
 Except as required under the NextEra Energy, Inc. Incentive Compensation Recoupment Policy or any similar or successor policy or practice of the Company, the Company's obligation to make the payments provided for in this Agreement and otherwise to perform its obligations hereunder shall not be affected by any set-off, counterclaim, recoupment, defense or other claim, right or action which the Company may have against the Executive or others. In no event shall the Executive be obligated to seek other employment or take any other action by way of mitigation of the amounts payable to the Executive under any of the provisions of this Agreement and, except as otherwise expressly provided for in this Agreement, such amounts shall not be reduced whether or not the Executive obtains other employment. To the extent the Executive prevails on at least one material claim, the Company agrees to pay, to the fullest extent permitted by law (but only to the extent consistent with Code Section 409A), all legal fees and expenses which the Executive may reasonably incur as a result of any legal proceedings by the Company, the Executive, or others, as to the validity or enforceability of, or liability under, any provision of this Agreement or any guarantee of performance thereof (including as a result of any contest by the Executive about the amount of any payment pursuant to this Agreement), plus in each case interest on any delayed payment at the applicable Federal rate provided for in Code Section 7872(f)(2)(A). 
 
 10. Parachute Payments. 
 (a) Anything in any section of this Agreement other than this Section 10 to the contrary not- withstanding, in the event it shall be determined that any Payment (as hereinafter defined) would be subject to the Excise Tax (as hereinafter defined), the right to receive any Payment under this Agreement shall be reduced if but only if 
 
 (i) such right to such Payment, taking into account all other Payments to or for Participant, would cause any Payment to the Participant under this Agreement to be considered a parachute payment within the meaning of Code Section 280G(b)(2) as then in effect and 
 (ii) as a result of receiving a parachute payment and paying any applicable tax (including Excise Tax thereon), the aggregate after-tax amounts received by the Participant from the Company under this Agreement and all Payments would be less than the maximum after-tax amount that could be received by Participant without causing any such Payment to be considered a parachute payment. 
 
 In the event that the receipt of any such right to Payment under this Agreement, in conjunction with all other Payments, would cause the Participant to be considered to have received a parachute payment under this Agreement that would have the effect of decreasing the after-tax amount received by the Participant as described in clause (ii) of the preceding sentence, then the amounts payable under this Agreement shall be reduced so that the Parachute Value of all Payments, in the aggregate, equals the Safe Harbor Amount. 
 
 To the extent that the payment of any compensation or benefits to Executive from the Company is required to be reduced by this Section 10, such reduction shall be implemented by 
 
 12 

Exhibit 10(xx) 

 determining the Parachute Payment Ratio (as hereinafter defined) for each parachute payment and then reducing the parachute payments in order beginning with the parachute payment with the highest Parachute Payment Ratio. For parachute payments with the same Parachute Payment Ratio, such parachute payments shall be reduced based on the time of payment of such parachute payments, with amounts having later payment dates being reduced first. For parachute payments with the same Parachute Payment Ratio and the same time of payment, such parachute payments shall be reduced on a pro rata basis (but not below zero) prior to reducing parachute payments with a lower Parachute Payment Ratio. 
 (b) Definitions. The following terms shall have the following meanings for purposes of this Section 10. 
 
 (i) Excise Tax shall mean the excise tax imposed by Code Section 4999, together with any interest or penalties imposed with respect to such excise tax. 
 (ii) Parachute Payment Ratio shall mean a fraction the numerator of which is the value of the applicable parachute payment for purposes of Code Section 280G and the denominator of which is the intrinsic value of such parachute payment. 
 (iii) Parachute Value of a Payment shall mean the present value as of the date of the change of control for purposes of Code Section 280G of the portion of such Payment that constitutes a parachute payment under Code Section 280G(b)(2), as determined for purposes of determining whether and to what extent the Excise Tax will apply to such Payment. 
 (iv) A Payment shall mean any payment or distribution in the nature of compensation (within the meaning of Code Section 280G(b)(2)) to or for the benefit of the Executive, whether paid or payable pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise. 
 (v) The Safe Harbor Amount means 2.99 times the Executive s base amount, within the meaning of Code Section 280G(b)(3). 
 
 11. Protective Covenants. 
 (a) Confidential Information. (i) The Executive shall hold in a fiduciary capacity for the benefit of the Company all secret or confidential information, knowledge or data relating to the Company or any of its Affiliated Companies, and their respective businesses, which shall have been obtained by the Executive during the Executive's employment by the Company or any of its Affiliated Companies and which shall not be or become public knowledge (other than by acts of the Executive or representatives of the Executive in violation of this Agreement). After termination of the Executive's employment with the Company, the Executive shall not, without the prior written consent of the Company or as may otherwise be required by law or legal process, communicate or divulge any such information, knowledge or data to anyone other than the Company and those designated by it. 
 (ii) The Executive is hereby notified in accordance with the Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016 that the Executive will not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that (a) is made in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney and solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law or (b) is made in a complaint or other document that is filed under seal in a lawsuit or other proceeding. The Executive is further notified that if Executive files a lawsuit for retaliation by the Company for reporting a suspected violation of law, the Executive may disclose the Company s trade secrets to the Executive s attorney and use the trade secret information in the court proceeding if the Executive (a) files any document containing the trade secret under seal and (b) does not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to court order. 
 
 13 

Exhibit 10(xx) 

 (b) Noncompetition . During Employment Period and for a two-year period following the termination of the Executive s employment with the Company, the Executive agrees not to (i) compete or attempt to compete for, or act as a broker or otherwise participate in, any projects in which the Company has at any time done any work or undertaken any development efforts, or (ii) directly or indirectly solicit any of the Company s customers, vendors, contractors, agents, or any other parties with which the Company has an existing or prospective business relationship, for the benefit of the Executive or for the benefit of any third party, nor shall the Executive accept consideration or negotiate or enter into agreements with such parties for the benefit of the Executive or any third party. 
 (c) Non-solicitation . During the Employment Period and for a two-year period following the termination of the Executive's employment with the Company, the Executive shall not, directly or indirectly, on behalf of the Executive or for any other business, person or entity, entice, induce or solicit or attempt to entice, induce or solicit any employee of the Company or its Subsidiaries or other Affiliates to leave the Company's employ (or the employ of such Subsidiary or other Affiliate) or to hire or to cause any employee of the Company to become employed for any reason whatsoever. 
 (d) Non-disparagement . The Executive shall not, at any time or in any way, disparage the Company or its current or former officers, directors, and employees, orally or in writing, or make any statements that may be derogatory or detrimental to the Company s good name or business reputation. 
 (e) Cooperation . The Executive agrees that certain matters in which the Executive may have been involved during the before and during the Employment Period may necessitate the Executive s cooperation in the future. Accordingly, as a further condition to the Executive s retention of benefits under this Agreement, to the extent reasonably requested by the Company, the Executive will cooperate with the Company and any Affiliate in connection with matters arising out the Executive s service to the Company and its Affiliates provided, however, that the Company or its Affiliates will make reasonable efforts to minimize disruption of the Executive s other activities. The Company will reimburse the Executive for reasonable expenses incurred in connection with such cooperation and, to the extent the Executive is required to spend substantial time on such matters, the Company will compensate the Executive at an hourly rate based on the sum of the Executive s annual base salary and annual target cash incentive opportunity in effect immediately prior to the Executive s termination of employment. 
 (f) No Remedy . The Executive acknowledges that the Company would not have an adequate remedy at law for monetary damages if the Executive breaches these Protective Covenants. Therefore, in addition to all remedies to which the Company may be entitled for a breach or threatened breach of these Protective Covenants, including but not limited to monetary damages, the Company shall be entitled to specific enforcement of these Protective Covenants and to injunctive or other equitable relief as a remedy for a breach or threatened breach. In addition, upon any breach of these Protective Covenants or any separate confidentiality agreement or confidentiality provision between the Company and the Executive, the Executive will be required to repay to the Company any amounts received pursuant to this Agreement (other than Accrued Unpaid Salary and Vacation Pay), and the Executive s rights to receive any other unpaid compensation under this Agreement shall be forfeited. 
 
 12. Indemnification . 
 The Company will, to the fullest extent permitted by law, indemnify the Executive in accordance with the terms of Article VI of the Company s bylaws as in effect on the date hereof, a copy of which Article VI is attached to this Agreement as Annex A and made a part hereof by this reference. This indemnification provision shall survive the expiration or other termination of this Agreement. 
 13. Successors. 
 (a) This Agreement is personal to the Executive and without the prior written consent of the Company shall not be assignable by the Executive other than by will or the laws of descent and 
 
 14 

Exhibit 10(xx) 

 distribution. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the Executive's legal representatives. 
 
 (b) This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the Company and its successors and assigns. 
 
 (c) The Company will require any successor (whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the business and or assets of the Company to assume expressly and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform it if no such succession had taken place. As used in this Agreement, Company shall mean the Company as hereinbefore defined and any successor to its business and or assets as aforesaid which assumes and agrees to perform this Agreement by operation of law, or otherwise. 
 
 14. Miscellaneous . 
 (a) This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Florida, without reference to principles of conflict of laws. The captions of this Agreement are not part of the provisions hereof and shall have no force or effect. This Agreement may not be amended or modified other than by a written agreement executed by the parties hereto or their respective successors and legal representatives. 
 
 (b) All notices and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be given by hand delivery to the other party or by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed as follows 
 
 If to the Executive 
 
 Mark A. Lemasney 
 Address 
 City, State, Zip Code 
 
 If to the Company 
 
 NextEra Energy, Inc. 
 700 Universe Boulevard 
 Juno Beach, Florida 33408 
 Attention Chairman & Chief Executive Officer 
 
 or such other address as either party shall have furnished to the other in writing in accordance herewith. Notice and communications shall be effective when actually received by the addressee. 
 (c) The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement. 
 
 (d) The Company may withhold from any amounts payable under this Agreement such Federal, state or local taxes as shall be required to be withheld pursuant to any applicable law or regulation. 
 
 (e) The Executive's or the Company's failure to insist upon strict compliance with any provision hereof or any other provision of this Agreement or the failure to assert any right the Executive or the Company may have hereunder, including, without limitation, the right of the Executive to terminate employment for Good Reason pursuant to Section 6(c) of this Agreement, 
 
 15 

Exhibit 10(xx) 

 shall not be deemed to be a waiver of such provision or right or any other provision or right of this Agreement. 
 
 (f) The Executive and the Company acknowledge that, except as may otherwise be provided under this Agreement or any other written agreement between the Executive and the Company, the employment of the Executive by the Company is at will and the Executive s employment may be terminated by either the Executive or the Company at any time. Moreover, except as provided herein in the case of a Deemed Effective Date, if prior to the Effective Date, (i) the Executive's employment with the Company terminates, or (ii) there is a material diminution in the Executive's position (including titles and reporting requirements), authority, duties, and responsibilities with the Company or its Affiliated Companies, then the Executive shall have no rights under this Agreement. From and after the Effective Date, this Agreement shall supersede any other agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, and in furtherance but not in limitation of this, the Executive hereby waives the right to receive any benefits under any severance or separation pay plan of the Company, including but not limited to the NextEra Energy, Inc. Executive Severance Benefit Plan. 
 
 (g) The Executive and the Company acknowledge that this Agreement contains the full and complete expression of the rights and obligations of the parties with respect to the matters contained in the Agreement. This Agreement supersedes any and all other agreements, written or oral, made by the parties with respect to the matters contained in the Agreement. 
 
 Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, and except in the case of death, it shall be a condition to the Executive receiving any payments or benefits under this Agreement that the Executive shall have (a) executed , delivered to the Company and not revoked a release of claims against the Company, such release to be in the Company s then standard form of release and (b) executed and delivered to the Company resignations of all officer and director positions the Executive holds with the Company or its Affiliated Companies, in each case no later than forty-five (45) days after the Date of Termination unless there is a genuine dispute as to the Executive s substantive rights under this Agreement within the meaning of Treasury Regulation 1.409A-3(g) (or any successor provision). If the Executive s timing of the delivery of the release of claims in accordance with this paragraph could result in the payments that are treated as deferred compensation under Code Section 409A either being paid in the then current calendar year or the calendar year following the Executive s Date of Termination, then, notwithstanding any contrary provision of this Agreement, the affected payments instead shall automatically and mandatorily be paid in the calendar year following the calendar year in which the Date of Termination occurs. 
 
 The Executive and the Company acknowledge that the benefits and payments provided under this Agreement are intended to comply fully with the requirements of Code Section 409A. This Agreement shall be construed and administered as necessary to comply with Code Section 409A and shall be subject to amendment in the future, in such a manner as the Company may deem necessary or appropriate to attain compliance provided, however, that any such amendment shall provide the Executive with benefits and payments that are substantially economically equivalent to the benefits and payments that would have been made to the Executive absent such amendment and the requirements of Code Section 409A. 

16 

Exhibit 10(xx) 

 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Executive has hereunto set the Executive's hand and the Company has caused Executive Retention Employment Agreement to be executed in its name on its behalf, all as of January 1, 2023. 

EXECUTIVE 

By MARK A. LEMASNEY 
 Mark A. Lemasney 

NEXTERA ENERGY, INC. 

By JOHN W. KETCHUM 
 John W. Ketchum 
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

17 

ANNEX A TO THE 
 EXECUTIVE RETENTION EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 
 
 NEXTERA ENERGY, INC. AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS ARTICLE VI. INDEMNIFI CATION ADVANCEMENT OF EXPENSES 
 Section 1. Right to Indemnification . Each person who was or is made a party or is threatened to be made a party to or was or is called as a witness or was or is otherwise involved in any Proceeding in connection with his or her status as an Indemnified Person, shall be indemnified and held harmless by the Company to the fullest extent permitted under the Florida Business Corporation Act (the Act ), as the same now exists or may hereafter be amended (but, in the case of any such amendment, only to the extent that such amendment permits the Company to provide broader indemnification rights than the Act permitted the Company to provide prior to such amendment). Such indemnification shall cover all expenses incurred by an Indemnified Person (including, but not limited to, attorneys' fees and other expenses of litigation) and all liabilities and losses (including, but not limited to, judgments, fines, ERISA or other excise taxes or penalties and amounts paid or to be paid in settlement) incurred by such person in connection therewith. 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, except with respect to indemnification specified in Section 3 of this Article VI, the Company shall indemnify an Indemnified Person in connection with a Proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by such person only if authorization for such Proceeding (or part thereof) was not denied by the board of directors of the Company prior to 60 days after receipt of notice thereof from such person. 
 
 For purposes of this Article VI 
 
 (i) a Proceeding is an action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, and any appeal therefrom 
 
 (ii) an Indemnified Person is a person who is, or who was (whether at the time the facts or circumstances underlying the Proceeding occurred or were alleged to have occurred or at any other time), (A) a director or officer of the Company, (B) a director, officer or other employee of the Company serving as a trustee or fiduciary of an employee benefit plan of the Company, (C) an agent or non-officer employee of the Company as to whom the Company has agreed to grant such indemnity, or (D) serving at the request of the Company in any capacity with any entity or enterprise other than the Company and as to whom the Company has agreed to grant such indemnity. 
 
 Section 2. Expenses . Expenses, including attorneys' fees, incurred by an Indemnified Person in defending or otherwise being involved in a Proceeding in connection with his or her status as an Indemnified Person shall be paid by the Company in advance of the final disposition of such Proceeding, including any appeal therefrom, (i) in the case of (A) a director or officer, or former director or officer, of the Company or (B) a director, officer or other employee, or former director, officer or other employee, of the Company serving as a trustee or 
 1 

fiduciary of any employee benefit plan of the Company, upon receipt of an undertaking Undertaking by or on behalf of such person to repay such amount if it shall ultimately be determined that he or she is not entitled to be indemnified by the Company or (ii) in the case of any other Indemnified Person, upon such terms and as the board of directors, the chairman of the board or the president of the Company deems appropriate. 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, in connection with a Proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by such person, except a Proceeding authorized by Section 3 of this Article VI, the Company shall pay said expenses in advance of final disposition only if authorization for such Proceeding (or part thereof) was not denied by the board of directors of the Company prior to 60 days after receipt of a request for such advancement accompanied by an Undertaking. 
 
 A person to whom expenses are advanced pursuant to this Section 2 shall not be obligated to repay such expenses pursuant to an Undertaking until the final determination of any pending Proceeding in a court of competent jurisdiction concerning the right of such person to be indemnified or the obligation of such person to repay pursuant to such Undertaking. 
 Section 3. Protection of Rights . If a claim for indemnification under Section 1 of this Article VI is not promptly paid in full by the Company after a written claim has been received by the Company or if expenses pursuant to Section 2 of this Article VI have not been promptly advanced after a written request for such advancement accompanied by an Undertaking has been received by the Company (in each case, except if authorization thereof was denied by the board of directors of the Company as provided in Article VI, Section 1 and Section 2, as applicable), the Indemnified Person may at any time thereafter bring suit against the Company to recover the unpaid amount of the claim or the advancement of expenses. If successful, in whole or in part, in such suit, such Indemnified Person shall also be entitled to be paid the reasonable expense thereof. It shall be a defense to any such action (other than an action brought to enforce a claim for expenses incurred in defending any Proceeding in advance of its final disposition where the required Undertaking has been tendered to the Company) that indemnification of the Indemnified Person is prohibited by law, but the burden of proving such defense shall be on the Company. Neither the failure of the Company (including its board of directors, independent legal counsel, or its shareholders) to have made a determination, if required, prior to the commencement of such action that indemnification of the Indemnified Person is proper in the circumstances, nor an actual determination by the Company (including its board of directors, independent legal counsel, or its shareholders) that indemnification of the Indemnified Person is prohibited, shall be a defense to the action or create a presumption that indemnification of the Indemnified Person is prohibited. 
 Section 4. Miscellaneous . 
 
 (i) Power to Request Service and to Grant Indemnification . The chairman of the board or the president or the board of directors may request any director, officer, agent or employee of the Company to serve as its representative in the position of a director or officer (or in a substantially similar capacity) of an entity or enterprise other than the Company, and may grant to such person indemnification by the Company as described in Section 1 of this Article VI. 
 2 

(ii) Non-Exclusivity of Rights . The rights conferred on any person by this Article VI shall not be exclusive of any other rights which such person may have or hereafter acquire under any statute, provision of the Charter, bylaw, agreement, vote of shareholders or disinterested directors or otherwise. The board of directors shall have the authority, by resolution, to provide for such indemnification of employees or agents of the Company or others and for such other indemnification of directors, officers, employees or agents as it shall deem appropriate. 
 
 (iii) Insurance Contracts and Funding . The Company may maintain insurance, at its expense, to protect itself and any director, officer, employee or agent of or person serving in any other capacity with, the Company or another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise (including serving as a trustee or fiduciary of any employee benefit plan) against any expenses, liabilities or losses, whether or not the Company would have the power to indemnify such person against such expenses, liabilities or losses under the Act. The Company may enter into contracts with any director, officer, agent or employee of the Company in furtherance of the provisions of this Article VI, and may create a trust fund, grant a security interest or use other means (including, without limitation, a letter of credit) to ensure the payment of such amounts as may be necessary to effect the advancing of expenses and indemnification as provided in this Article VI. 
 (iv) Contractual Nature . The provisions of this Article VI shall continue in effect as to a person who has ceased to be a director, officer, agent or employee and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators of such person. This Article VI shall be deemed to be a contract between the Company and each person who, at any time that this Article VI is in effect, serves or served in any capacity which entitles him or her to indemnification hereunder and any repeal or other modification of this Article VI or any repeal or modification of the Act, or any other applicable law shall not limit any rights of indemnification with respect to Proceedings in connection with which he or she is an Indemnified Person, or advancement of expenses in connection with such Proceedings, then existing or arising out of events, acts or omissions occurring prior to such repeal or modification, including without limitation, the right to indemnification for Proceedings, and advancement of expenses with respect to such Proceedings, commenced after such repeal or modification to enforce this Article VI with regard to Proceedings arising out of acts, omissions or events arising prior to such repeal or modification. 
 
 (v) Savings Clause . If this Article VI or any portion hereof shall be invalidated or held to be unenforceable on any ground by any court of competent jurisdiction, the decision of which shall not have been reversed on appeal, the Company shall nevertheless (A) indemnify each Indemnified Person as to costs, charges and expenses (including attorneys' fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement and (B) advance expenses in accordance with Section 2 of this Article VI, in each case with respect to any Proceeding in connection with which he or she is an Indemnified Person, including an action by or in the right of the Company, to the fullest extent permitted by any applicable portion of this Article VI that shall not have been invalidated or held to be unenforceable and as permitted by applicable law. 
 
 3 

</EX-10.XX>

<EX-21>
 5
 nee-q42022xex21.htm
 EX-21

Document 

Exhibit 21 

SUBSIDIARIES OF NEXTERA ENERGY, INC. 

NextEra Energy, Inc.'s principal subsidiaries as of December 31, 2022 are listed below. 
 Subsidiary State or Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization 1. Florida Power & Light Company (100 -owned) Florida 2. NextEra Energy Capital Holdings, Inc. (100 -owned) Florida 3. NextEra Energy Resources, LLC (a)(b) 
 Delaware 4. Palms Insurance Company, Limited (b) 
 Cayman Islands 5. Palms SC Insurance Company, LLC (b) 
 South Carolina 6. Palms Specialty Insurance Company, Inc. (b) 
 Delaware 
 __________________ 
 (a) Includes 1,679 subsidiaries that operate in the United States and 137 subsidiaries that operate in foreign countries in the same line of business as NextEra Energy Resources, LLC. 
 (b) 100 -owned subsidiary of NextEra Energy Capital Holdings, Inc. 

</EX-21>

<EX-22>
 6
 nee-q42022xex22.htm
 EX-22

Document 

Exhibit 22 

GUARANTEED SECURITIES 

Pursuant to Item 601(b)(22) of Regulation S-K, set forth below are securities issued by NextEra Energy Capital Holdings, Inc. (Issuer) and guaranteed by NextEra Energy, Inc. (Guarantor). 
 
 Issued under the Indenture (For Unsecured Debt Securities), dated as of June 1, 1999 3.55 Debentures, Series due May 1, 2027 3.50 Debentures, Series due April 1, 2029 Series J Debentures due September 1, 2024 2.75 Debentures, Series due November 1, 2029 Series K Debentures due March 1, 2025 2.25 Debentures, Series due June 1, 2030 Series L Debentures due September 1, 2025 0.65 Debentures, Series due March 1, 2023 
 Floating Rate Debentures, Series due March 1, 2023 
 1.90 Debentures, Series due June 15, 2028 Floating Rate Debentures, Series due November 3, 2023 1.875 Debentures, Series due January 15, 2027 2.44 Debentures, Series due January 15, 2032 3.00 Debentures, Series due January 15, 2052 2.94 Debentures, Series due March 21, 2024 Floating Rate Debentures, Series due March 21, 2024 4.30 Debentures, Series due 2062 4.20 Debentures, Series due June 20, 2024 4.45 Debentures, Series due June 20, 2025 4.625 Debentures, Series due July 15, 2027 5.00 Debentures, Series due July 15, 2032 Series M Debentures due September 1, 2027 4.90 Debentures, Series due February 28, 2028 5.00 Debentures, Series due February 28, 2030 5.05 Debentures, Series due February 28, 2033 5.25 Debentures, Series due February 28, 2053 
 
 Issued under the Indenture (For Unsecured Subordinated Debt Securities), dated as of June 1, 2006 Series B Enhanced Junior Subordinated Debentures due 2066 Series C Junior Subordinated Debentures due 2067 Series L Junior Subordinated Debentures due September 29, 2057 Series M Junior Subordinated Debentures due December 1, 2077 Series N Junior Subordinated Debentures due March 1, 2079 Series O Junior Subordinated Debentures due May 1, 2079 Series P Junior Subordinated Debentures due March 15, 2082 

</EX-22>

<EX-23>
 7
 nee-q42022xex23.htm
 EX-23

Document 

Exhibit 23 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements of our reports dated February 17, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements of NextEra Energy, Inc. and subsidiaries (NEE) and Florida Power & Light Company and subsidiaries (FPL) and the effectiveness of NEE's and FPL's internal control over financial reporting appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of NEE and FPL for the year ended December 31, 2022 
 
 NEE FPL Form S-8 No. 33-57673 Form S-3 No. 333-254632-01 Form S-8 No. 333-27079 Form S-8 No. 333-88067 Form S-8 No. 333-114911 Form S-8 No. 333-116501 Form S-8 No. 333-130479 Form S-8 No. 333-143739 Form S-8 No. 333-174799 Form S-8 No. 333-220136 Form S-8 No. 333-257141 Form S-3 No. 333-203453 Form S-3 No. 333-254632 

DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP 
 
 Boca Raton, Florida 
 February 17, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31.A>
 8
 nee-q42022xex31a.htm
 EX-31.A

Document 

Exhibit 31(a) 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a) 15d-14(a) Certification 

I, John W. Ketchum, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Form 10-K for the annual period ended December 31, 2022 of NextEra Energy, Inc. (the registrant) 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 17, 2023 

JOHN W. KETCHUM John W. Ketchum Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of NextEra Energy, Inc. 

</EX-31.A>

<EX-31.B>
 9
 nee-q42022xex31b.htm
 EX-31.B

Document 

Exhibit 31(b) 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a) 15d-14(a) Certification 

I, Terrell Kirk Crews II, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Form 10-K for the annual period ended December 31, 2022 of NextEra Energy, Inc. (the registrant) 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 17, 2023 

TERRELL KIRK CREWS II Terrell Kirk Crews II Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer of NextEra Energy, Inc. 

</EX-31.B>

<EX-31.C>
 10
 nee-q42022xex31c.htm
 EX-31.C

Document 

Exhibit 31(c) 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a) 15d-14(a) Certification 

I, Armando Pimentel, Jr., certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Form 10-K for the annual period ended December 31, 2022 of Florida Power & Light Company (the registrant) 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 17, 2023 

ARMANDO PIMENTEL, JR. Armando Pimentel, Jr. President and Chief Executive Officer of Florida Power & Light Company 

</EX-31.C>

<EX-31.D>
 11
 nee-q42022xex31d.htm
 EX-31.D

Document 

Exhibit 31(d) 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a) 15d-14(a) Certification 

I, Terrell Kirk Crews II, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Form 10-K for the annual period ended December 31, 2022 of Florida Power & Light Company (the registrant) 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 17, 2023 

TERRELL KIRK CREWS II Terrell Kirk Crews II Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer of Florida Power & Light Company 

</EX-31.D>

<EX-32.A>
 12
 nee-q42022xex32a.htm
 EX-32.A

Document 

Exhibit 32(a) 

Section 1350 Certification 

We, John W. Ketchum and Terrell Kirk Crews II, certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 (1) The Annual Report on Form 10-K of NextEra Energy, Inc. (the registrant) for the annual period ended December 31, 2022 (Report) fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the registrant. 
 
 Dated February 17, 2023 

JOHN W. KETCHUM John W. Ketchum Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of NextEra Energy, Inc. 
 
 TERRELL KIRK CREWS II Terrell Kirk Crews II Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer of NextEra Energy, Inc. 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the registrant and will be retained by the registrant and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 
 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished as an exhibit to the Report pursuant to Item 601(b)(32) of Regulation S-K and Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and, accordingly, is not being filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission as part of the Report and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the registrant under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (whether made before or after the date of the Report, irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing). 

</EX-32.A>

<EX-32.B>
 13
 nee-q42022xex32b.htm
 EX-32.B

Document 

Exhibit 32(b) 

Section 1350 Certification 

We, Armando Pimentel, Jr. and Terrell Kirk Crews II, certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 (1) The Annual Report on Form 10-K of Florida Power & Light Company (the registrant) for the annual period ended December 31, 2022 (Report) fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the registrant. 
 
 Dated February 17, 2023 

ARMANDO PIMENTEL, JR. Armando Pimentel, Jr. President and Chief Executive Officer of Florida Power & Light Company 
 
 TERRELL KIRK CREWS II Terrell Kirk Crews II Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer of Florida Power & Light Company 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the registrant and will be retained by the registrant and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 
 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished as an exhibit to the Report pursuant to Item 601(b)(32) of Regulation S-K and Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and, accordingly, is not being filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission as part of the Report and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the registrant under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (whether made before or after the date of the Report, irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing). 

</EX-32.B>

<EX-101.SCH>
 14
 nee-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 15
 nee-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 16
 nee-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 17
 nee-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 18
 nee-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

