<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1342958_0001493152-23-010358.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>13137429</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>405319</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1984015</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4391370</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2799529</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3204432</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>15</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-010358.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331164621
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-010358
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		134
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			DIGITAL ALLY, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001342958
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RADIO & TV BROADCASTING & COMMUNICATIONS EQUIPMENT [3663]
		IRS NUMBER:				200064269
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33899
		FILM NUMBER:		23788677

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		14001 MARSHALL DRIVE
		CITY:			LENEXA
		STATE:			KS
		ZIP:			66215
		BUSINESS PHONE:		913-232-5349

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		14001 MARSHALL DRIVE
		CITY:			LENEXA
		STATE:			KS
		ZIP:			66215

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	DIGITAL ALLY INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20051031

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-010358.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

United
States 

 Securities
and Exchange Commission 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

F orm

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from ___________ to __________. 

Commission
file number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
Employer 
Identification No.) 

, , 

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

The
 Stock Market LLC 
 
 (Title
 of class) 
 
 (Trading Symbol) 
 
 (Name
 of each exchange on which registered) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: None. 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered
pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing
reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those
error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 

As of June 30, 2022, the aggregate
market value of the voting and non-voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal
quarter, computed by reference to the closing price 15.80), was: , which have been adjusted for the Reverse Split (as defined below). 

The
number of shares of our common stock outstanding as of March 31, 2023 was: 
as adjusted for the Company s 1-for-20 reverse stock split, which was effective on February 6, 2023 (the Reverse Split ). All
share and price per share information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been adjusted to reflect the Reverse Split . 

Documents
Incorporated by Reference: 

FORM
10-K 

 DIGITAL
ALLY, INC. 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 

Table
of Contents 

Page 

PART I 

Item
 1. 
 Business 
 3 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 12 
 
 Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 12 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 13 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 13 
 
 Item
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 14 

PART II 

Item
 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 15 
 
 Item
 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 15 
 
 Item
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 15 
 
 Item
 7a. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 38 
 
 Item
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 38 
 
 Item
 9. 
 Changes In and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 38 
 
 Item
 9A 
 Controls and Procedures 
 38 
 
 Item
 9B. 
 Other Information 
 39 
 
 Item
 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 39 

PART III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 40 
 
 Item
 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 47 
 
 Item
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 56 
 
 Item
 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 57 
 
 Item
 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 57 

PART IV 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 58 

SIGNATURES 

Signatures 
 60 

2 

Part
I 

Item
 1. 
 Business. 

Overview 

We
were incorporated in Nevada on December 13, 2000 as Vegas Petra, Inc. From that date until November 30, 2004, when we entered into a
Plan of Merger with Digital Ally, Inc., a Nevada corporation which was formerly known as Trophy Tech Corporation (the Predecessor Registrant ), we had not conducted any operations and were a closely-held company. In conjunction with the merger, we were renamed
Digital Ally, Inc. 

On
January 2, 2008, we commenced trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol DGLY. We conduct our business from
14001 Marshall Drive, Lenexa, Kansas 66215. Our telephone number is (913) 814-7774. Our website address is www.digitalallyinc.com. The
contents of, or information accessible through, our website are not part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We make our filings with
the SEC, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and all amendments to
those reports, as well as beneficial ownership filings available free of charge on our website as soon as reasonably practicable after
we file such reports with, or furnish such reports to, the SEC. Our filings with the SEC are available to the public through the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. 

On
August 23, 2022 (the Effective Time ), the Predecessor Registrant merged with and into its wholly owned subsidiary, DGLY
Subsidiary Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Registrant ), pursuant to an agreement and plan of merger, dated as of August
23, 2022 (the Merger Agreement ), between the Predecessor Registrant and the Registrant, with the Registrant as the surviving
corporation in the merger (such transaction, the Merger ). At the Effective Time, Articles of Merger were filed with the
Secretary of State of the State of Nevada, pursuant to which the Registrant was renamed Digital Ally, Inc. and, by operation
of law, succeeded to the assets, continued the business and assumed the rights and obligations of the Predecessor Registrant immediately
prior to the Merger. Under the Nevada Revised Statutes, shareholder approval was not required in connection with the Merger Agreement
or the transactions contemplated thereby. 

At
the Effective Time, pursuant to the Merger Agreement, (i) each outstanding share of Predecessor Registrant s common stock, par
value 0.001 per share (the Predecessor Common Stock automatically converted into one share of common stock, par value
 0.001 per share, of the Registrant Registrant Common Stock ), (ii) each outstanding option, right or warrant to acquire
shares of Predecessor Common Stock converted into an option, right or warrant, as applicable, to acquire an equal number of shares of
Registrant Common Stock under the same terms and conditions as the original options, rights or warrants, and (iii) the directors and
executive officers of the Predecessor Registrant were appointed as directors and executive officers, as applicable, of the Registrant,
each to serve in the same capacity and for the same term as such person served with the Predecessor Registrant immediately before the
Merger. 

For the purposes of this Annual
Report on Form 10-K, unless the context otherwise requires, (i) the term our, or us refers to the Predecessor
Registrant and its subsidiaries with respect to the period prior to the Effective Time and to the Registrant and its subsidiaries with
respect to the period on and after the Effective Time; (ii) as of any period prior to the Effective Time, references to the directors 
mean the directors of the Predecessor Registrant, and, as of any period at and after the Effective Time, the directors of the Registrant,
(iii) as of any period prior to the Effective Time, references to stockholders mean the holders of Predecessor Common Stock,
and, as of any period at and after the Effective Time, the holders of Registrant Common Stock, and (iv) as of any period prior to the
Effective Time, references to Common Stock means the Predecessor Common Stock, and, as of any period at and after the Effective
Time, Registrant Common Stock. 

The
business of the Registrant, Digital Ally, Inc. (with its wholly-owned subsidiaries, Digital Ally International, Inc., Shield Products,
LLC, Digital Ally Healthcare, LLC, TicketSmarter, Inc., Worldwide Reinsurance, Ltd., Digital Connect, Inc., BirdVu Jets, Inc., Kustom
440, Inc., and its majority-owned subsidiary Nobility Healthcare, LLC, collectively, Digital Ally, Digital, 
and the Company ), is divided into three reportable operating segments: 1) the Video Solutions Segment, 2) the Revenue Cycle
Management Segment and 3) the Entertainment Segment. The Video Solutions Segment is our legacy business that produces digital video imaging,
storage products, disinfectant and related safety products for use in law enforcement, security and commercial applications. This segment
includes both service and product revenues through our subscription models offering cloud and warranty solutions, and hardware sales
for video and health safety solutions. The Revenue Cycle Management Segment provides working capital and back-office services to a variety
of healthcare organizations throughout the country, as a monthly service fee. The Entertainment Segment acts as an intermediary between
ticket buyers and sellers within our secondary ticketing platform, ticketsmarter.com, and we also acquire tickets from primary sellers
to then sell through various platforms. The accounting guidance on Segment Reporting establishes standards for reporting information
regarding operating segments in annual financial statements and requires selected information of those segments to be presented in financial
statements. The following table sets forth the Company s total revenue and the revenue derived from each reportable operating segment: 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Net Revenues: 

Video Solutions 
 8,252,288 
 9,073,626 
 
 Revenue Cycle Management 
 7,886,107 
 1,630,048 
 
 Entertainment 
 20,871,500 
 10,709,760 
 
 Total Net Revenues 
 37,009,895 
 21,413,434 

3 

Additional
information regarding each reportable operating segment is also included in Note 23 entitled Segment Data of Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements . 

Video
Solutions Operating Segment 

Within
our video solutions operating segment we supply technology-based products utilizing our portable digital video and audio recording capabilities
for the law enforcement and security industries and for the commercial fleet and mass transit markets. We have the ability to integrate
electronic, radio, computer, mechanical, and multi-media technologies to create positive solutions to our customers requests.
Our products include: the EVO-HD, DVM-800 and DVM-800 Lite, which are in-car digital video systems for law enforcement and commercial
markets; the FirstVu body-worn camera line, consisting of the FirstVu Pro, FirstVu II, and the FirstVu HD; our patented and revolutionary
VuLink product which integrates our body-worn cameras with our in-car systems by providing hands-free automatic activation for both law
enforcement and commercial markets; the FLT-250, DVM-250, and DVM-250 Plus, which are our commercial line of digital video mirrors that
serve as event recorders for the commercial fleet and mass transit markets; and FleetVu and VuLink, which are our cloud-based
evidence management systems. We further diversified and broadened our product offerings in 2020, by introducing two new lines of branded
products: (1) the ThermoVu which is a line of self-contained temperature monitoring stations that provides alerts and controls facility
access when an individual s temperature exceeds a pre-set threshold and (2) our Shield disinfectants and cleansers which
are for use against viruses and bacteria. 

Our
video solutions segment revenue encompasses video recording products and services for our law enforcement and commercial customers and
the sale of Shield TM disinfectant and personal protective products. This segment generates revenues through our subscription
models offering cloud and warranty solutions, and hardware sales for video and personal protective safety products and solutions. Revenues
for product sales are recognized upon delivery of the product, and revenues from our cloud and warranty subscription plans are deferred
over the term of the subscription, typically 3 or 5 years. 

Revenue
Cycle Management Operating Segment 

We entered the revenue cycle management
business late in the second quarter of 2021 with the formation of our wholly owned subsidiary, Digital Ally Healthcare, Inc. and its majority-owned
subsidiary Nobility Healthcare, LLC Nobility Healthcare ). Nobility Healthcare completed its first acquisition on June 30,
2021, when it acquired a private medical billing company, and has since completed three more acquisitions of private medical billing companies,
in which we assist in providing working capital and back-office services to healthcare organizations throughout the country. Our assistance
consists of insurance and benefit verification, medical treatment documentation and coding, and collections. Through our expertise and
experience in this field, we aim to maximize our customers service revenues collected, leading to substantial improvements in their
operating margins and cash flows. 

4 

Our
revenue cycle management segment consists of our medical billing subsidiaries. Revenues of this segment are recognized after we perform
the obligations of our revenue cycle management services. Our revenue cycle management services are services, performed and charged monthly,
generally based on a contractual percentage of total customer collections, for which we recognize our net service fees. 

Entertainment
Operating Segment 

We
have also entered into live entertainment and events ticketing services through the formation of our wholly owned subsidiary, TicketSmarter, Inc. TicketSmarter and its completed acquisitions of Goody Tickets, LLC and TicketSmarter, LLC, on September 1, 2021. TicketSmarter provides ticket sales,
partnerships, and mainly, ticket resale services through its online ticketing marketplace for live events, TicketSmarter.com. TicketSmarter
offers tickets for over 125,000 live events through its platform, for a wide range of events, including concerts, sporting events, theatres,
and performing arts, throughout the country. 

Our
entertainment operating segment consists of ticketing services provided through TicketSmarter and its online platform, TicketSmarter.com.
Revenues of this segment include ticketing service charges generally determined as a percentage of the face value of the underlying ticket
and ticket sales from our ticket inventory which are recognized when the underlying tickets are sold. Ticketing direct expenses include
the cost of tickets purchased for resale by the Company and held as inventory, credit card fees, ticketing platform expenses, website
maintenance fees, along with other administrative costs. 

Our
Video Operating Segment Products and Services 

Through
our video operating segment we supply technology-based products utilizing our portable digital video and audio recording capabilities
for the law enforcement and security industries and for the commercial fleet and mass transit markets. We have the ability to integrate
electronic, radio, computer, mechanical, and multi-media technologies to create positive solutions to our customers requests.
Our products include: the EVO-HD, DVM-800 and DVM-800 Lite, which are in-car digital video systems for law enforcement and commercial
markets; the FirstVu body-worn camera line, consisting of the FirstVu Pro, FirstVu, and the FirstVu HD; our patented and revolutionary
VuLink product integrates our body-worn cameras with our in-car systems by providing hands-free automatic activation for both law enforcement
and commercial markets; the FLT-250, DVM-250, and DVM-250 Plus, which are our commercial line of digital video mirrors that serve as
 event recorders for the commercial fleet and mass transit markets; and FleetVu and VuLink, which are our cloud-based evidence
management systems. We further diversified and broadened our product offerings in 2020, by introducing two new lines of branded products:
(1) the ThermoVu which is a line of self-contained temperature monitoring stations that provides alerts and controls facility access
when an individual s temperature exceeds a pre-set threshold and (2) our Shield disinfectants and cleansers which are for
use against viruses and bacteria. 

In-Car
Digital Video Mirror System for Law Enforcement EVO-HD, DVM-800 and DVM-800 Lite 

In-car
video systems for patrol cars are a necessity and have generally become standard. Current systems are primarily digital based systems
with cameras mounted on the windshield and the recording device generally in the trunk, headliner, dashboard, console or under the seat
of the vehicle. 

The
Company launched its in-car digital video platform under the name EVO-HD during the second quarter of 2019. The EVO-HD is a revolutionary
in-car system that delivers versatility and reliability for law enforcement. 

5 

With
built-in, patented auto-activation technology, EVO-HD captures multiple recording angles in sync from a FirstVu PRO or FirstVu HD body-worn
camera and up to four HD in-car cameras all from a single trigger. The EVO-HD maximizes space and offers top-end reliability
when paired with remote service capabilities. An internal cell modem will allow for connectivity to the VuVault.net cloud, powered by
Amazon Web Services AWS and real time metadata when in the field. 

The
Company offers the DVM-800, a continuation in the family of highly successful digital video mirrored (DVM) systems developed by the Company.
The DVM-800 is a time-tested, compact, powerful and easy-to-use solution designed for law enforcement. The DVM-800 system has built-in
road and driver facing cameras and can record up to two external HD cameras. The DVM-800 is compatible with the patented VuLink 
auto-activation technology and can be paired with a FirstVu HD body-worn camera. 

The
Company also offers the DVM-800 Lite, an entry level system is a self-contained video recorder, microphone and digital storage system
that is integrated into a rear-view mirror and is designed for law enforcement. The system can record up to two internal HD cameras. 

In-Car
Digital Video Event Recorder System DVM-250 Plus and FLT-250 for Commercial Fleets 

Digital
Ally provides commercial fleets and commercial fleet managers with the digital video tools that they need to increase driver safety,
track assets in real-time and minimize the company s liability risk while enabling fleet managers to operate the fleet at an optimal
level. We market a product designed to address these commercial fleet markets with our DVM-250 Plus and FLT-250 event recorders that
provide various types of commercial fleets with features and capabilities that are fully-customizable and consistent with their specific
application and inherent risks. 

The
DVM-250 Plus is a part of the DVM family and is designed for commercial fleets featuring built-in digital audio and video recording technology
and other features to provide commercial fleet managers unmatched driver and asset management all while aiming to deliver the return
on investment that matters most: the safety and security of drivers and passengers. The DVM-250 Plus is designed to capture events, such
as wrecks and erratic driving or other abnormal occurrences, for evidentiary or training purposes. The commercial fleet markets may find
our units attractive from both a feature and a cost perspective compared to other providers. Due to our marketing efforts, commercial
fleets are beginning to adopt this technology, and in particular, the ambulance and taxi-cab markets. 

In
the first quarter of 2021, Digital Ally released the FLT-250, offering the same great features of the DVM-250 Plus in a new compact,
non-mirrored form factor that allows for multiple mounting options in any vehicle type for commercial fleets. We believe that, due to
non-mirror-based aspect of this product, the FLT-250 will become more attractive for our potential customers, as it is a much simpler
plug and play option compared to mirror-based products. 

Digital
Ally offers a suite of data management web-based tools to assist fleet managers in the organization, archival, and management of videos
and telematics information. Within the suite, there are powerful mapping and reporting tools that are intended to optimize efficiency,
serve as training tools for teams on safety, and, ultimately, generate a significant return on investment for the organization. 

We expect the EVO-HD to become
the platform for a new family of in-car video solution products for the commercial markets. The innovative EVO-HD technology is expected
to replace the current in-car mirror-based systems with a miniaturized system that can be custom-mounted in the vehicle, while offering
numerous hardware configurations to meet the varied needs and requirements of our commercial customers. In its commercial market application,
the EVO-HD can support up to four HD cameras, with two cameras having pre-event and ECA capabilities to allow customers to review entire
shifts. An internal cell modem will allow for connectivity to the FleetVu Manager cloud-based system for commercial fleet tracking and
monitoring, which is powered by AWS and real time metadata when in the field. 

Body-Worn
Digital Video System FirstVu Pro, FirstVu II, and FirstVu HD for Law Enforcement and Private Security 

During
2021, Digital Ally launched two next generation body-worn cameras and docking stations, refreshing the Company s complete ecosystem
of evidence recording devices. The latest body worn camera launched by the Company is the FirstVu Pro, the Company s flagship product
in its family of next generation of technology. The light weight, one-piece unit captures full HD video and audio, while offering industry
leading features such as live streaming, a full-color touchscreen display, an advanced image sensor with IR LEDs, proprietary image distortion
reduction, IP67 rated resisting dust and wind and is water submersible for 30 minutes at a depth of 3 feet. It is also MIL-STD-810G
compliant capable of handling drops, shock, and vibration, and will function flawlessly in a wide temperature range. 

6 

In
addition to the FirstVu Pro, Digital Ally also added the FirstVu II to its family of next generation technology. The FirstVu II is a
one-piece device offering industry leading technology such as an articulating camera head, a full-color display, an advanced image sensor,
and GPS. It can be used in law enforcement, private and event security and commercial segments. 

Digital
Ally still carries the FirstVu HD, the two-piece body-worn camera which allows for multiple mounting options while minimizing space and
weight. It can be used in law enforcement, private and event security and commercial segments. This system is also a derivative of our
in-car video systems, but is much smaller and lighter and more rugged and water-resistant to handle a hostile outdoor environment. The
FirstVu HD can be used in many applications in addition to law enforcement and private security and is designed specifically to be clipped
to an individual s pocket or other outer clothing. The unit is self-contained and requires no external battery or storage devices.
Our FirstVU HD integrates with our in-car video systems through our patented VuLink system allowing for automatic activation of both
systems. 

With
the newly introduced body-worn cameras, Digital Ally also introduced two new QuickVu docking stations compatible with the FirstVu PRO
and FirstVu II body-worn cameras. The QuickVu docking stations provide a comprehensive and elegant solution for storing and charging
body cameras while uploading video evidence to the cloud. QuickVu also allows for rapid reviewing of footage right from the interactive
touchscreen display, and is available in eight or twenty-four individual docking bays. For docking with the FirstVu HD body-worn cameras,
Digital Ally offers a 12-bay docking station and Mini-Docks. The 12-bay docking station includes a 1TB local memory hard drive which
simultaneously upload 4 hours of video from 12 FirstVu HD cameras within a 15-minute shift change and push configuration updates. The
Mini-Dock is a single unit, portable smart dock that uploads video evidence to VuVault from a FirstVu HD body camera. 

Auto-activation
and Interconnectivity Between In-car Video Systems and Body-worn Camera Products VuLink for Law Enforcement 

Recognizing
a critical limitation in law enforcement camera technology, we pioneered the development of our VuLink ecosystem that provides intuitive
auto-activation functionality as well as coordination between multiple recording devices. The United States Patent and Trademark Office
(the USPTO has recognized these pioneering efforts by granting us multiple patents with claims covering a variety of triggers,
including emergency lights and sirens, extreme acceleration or braking, g-force or any 12-volt relay. Additionally, the awarded patent
claims cover automatic coordination between multiple recording devices. Prior to our VuLink ecosystem, officers had to manually activate
each device while responding to emergency scenarios, a requirement that both decreased the usefulness of the existing camera systems
and diverted officers attention during critical moments. 

EVO
Web and FleetVu Manager 

EVO
Web is a web-based software, powered by and hosted on the AWS GovCloud platform, that enables police departments and security
agencies to manage digital video evidence quickly and easily. EVO Web is capable of playing back, reviewing, downloading, archiving,
unit configuration and management, running customizable reports and maintaining a chain of custody logs. AWS is the most secure
cloud platform on the market with features that go beyond simply storing and reviewing video evidence. AWS GovCloud platform is
trusted by the Department of Justice, Defense Digital Services for the US Air Force, U.S. Department of Treasury, and U.S.
Department of Homeland Security. Our products that are compatible with EVO Web include: FirstVu Pro, FirstVu II, FirstVu HD,
QuickVu, EVO-HD, DVM-800 and DVM-800 Lite. 

FleetVu
Manager is a web-based software that provides commercial fleet managers with the tools to increase driver safety, track assets in real-time
and minimize their companies liability risks. FleetVu Manager is able to generate driver reports, identify at risk behaviors before
an incident takes place, and enable commercial fleet managers to manage the entire fleet through a single, easy to use platform. Our
products compatible with FleetVu Manager include: DVM-250 and FLT-250. 

7 

Shield TM
 Heath Protection Products 

The
Company s Shield TM brand offers a variety of products to help keep you safe, including; Shield Cleansers, ThermoVu,
Shield Electrostatic Sprayer, Shied Disinfectant, and a variety of personal protection equipment including masks, gloves and sanitizer
wipes. 

Shield
Cleansers is a full line of safe and effective hypochlorous acid (HOCl) based products - and is free of toxic bleach, ammonia, methanol,
ethanol, and alcohol ingredients. Shield Disinfectant is EPA approved and has shown effectiveness against SARS-COV-2, the virus that
causes the novel COVID-19 disease. Other products in the Shield brand include animal wellness products, wound care, and household cleaning
solutions. 

ThermoVu
is a non-contact temperature-screening instrument that measures temperature through the wrist and controls entry to facilities when temperature
measurements exceed pre-determined parameters. ThermoVu has optional features such as facial recognition to improve facility security
by restricting access based on temperature and/or facial recognition reasons. ThermoVu provides an instant pass/fail audible tone with
its temperature display and controls access to facilities based on such results. 

Shield
Electrostatic Sprayer is a compact and lightweight disinfecting sprayer utilizing electrostatic induction. The charged particles repel
each other and affix to surfaces more evenly, eliminating large droplets for better disinfecting coverage. It is ideal for use in office
buildings, schools, and other populated areas. 

The
Company has been distributing other personal protective equipment and supplies, since the second quarter of 2021, such as masks and gloves
to supplement its Shield brand of products to health care workers as well as other consumers, consisting of vinyl and nitrile gloves,
level 3 and N95 NIOSH certified face masks, and disposable wipes. 

Our
Revenue Management Operating Segment Products and Services 

Through
our revenue cycle management segment, we provide assistance in providing working capital and back-office services to healthcare organizations
throughout the country. Our RCM operating segment services consist of insurance and benefit verification, medical treatment documentation
and coding, and collections. Through our expertise and experience in this field, we maximize our customers service revenues collected,
leading to substantial improvements in their operating margins and cash flows. We generally receive a service fee based on a percentage
of the service revenues collected by our customers. 

Our
Entertainment Operating Segment Products and Services 

Through
our entertainment segment, we provide customers with access to the online live event ticketing marketplace through our online platform
- TicketSmarter.com . Offering over 48 million tickets for sale for over 125,000 live events, TicketSmarter is a national ticket
marketplace offering tickets for live events featuring sports, concerts and theatre. TicketSmarter is the official ticket resale partner
of more than 35 collegiate conferences, over 300 universities, and hundreds of events and venues. 

Our
entertainment operating segment primarily receives compensation for its services generally determined as a percentage of the face-value
of the tickets being purchased. Our entertainment operating segment also provides customers with access to tickets which it has purchased
or received in return for its sponsorship or partnership from the venue, event or owner. 

Market
and Industry Overview Video Solutions Operating Segment 

Our
video solutions segment has historically had a primary market of domestic and international law enforcement agencies. We have since expanded
our scope by pursuing the commercial fleet vehicle and mass transit markets. Additionally, we have expanded into event security services
where we provide the hardware and software to supplement private security for NASCAR races, football and other sporting events, concerts
and other events where people gather. We continue to further expand our focus on private security, homeland security, mass transit, healthcare,
general retail, educational, general consumer and other commercial markets. In that regard, we have several installations involving private
security on cruise ships and similar markets. We believe there are many potential private uses of our product offerings. We continue
to have sales in the commercial fleet and ambulance service provider market, confirming that our DVM-250 Plus and FLT-250 products and
FleetVu Manager can become a significant revenue producer for us. Additionally, our body-worn cameras have applications in law enforcement,
along with private and event security, as well as commercial segments. With the recent acquisitions we completed in 2021, we hope to
utilize the connections we now have to live events, stadiums, and arenas, as well as new medical connections. 

8 

Market
and Industry Overview Revenue Cycle Management Operating Segment 

Our
revenue cycle management segment consists of end-to-end revenue cycle management services that focuses on claim reimbursement billing,
verification, and related services to medical providers throughout the country. We offer agreements with customers in which we provide
our services and bill the customers monthly for our services. The healthcare industry in the United States represents a strong portion
of the United States economy, offering a robust market for these services. Our current market includes many diverse specialties,
including radiology, oncology, orthopedics, pediatrics, internal medicine, and cardiology. We continue to investigate ways to expand our
market reach, although can make no assurances in that regard. 

Market
and Industry Overview Entertainment Operating Segment 

Our
entertainment segment refers to the sale of event tickets primarily through our online and mobile platforms. We will buy inventory of
event ticket to then sell tickets through various platforms, including our own. Our resale services refer to the sale of tickets by a
holder, who originally obtained the tickets directly from a venue or entity, through our platform in which we then collect services fees
on the transaction. This is commonly referred to as secondary ticketing. We work directly with consumers looking to buy or sell event
tickets for particular shows, concerts, games, and other events, allowing a simple and effective platform to move tickets. We also currently
partner with more than 35 collegiate conferences, over 300 universities, and hundreds of events and venues. 

Competition
- Video Solutions Operating Segment 

Our
video solutions segment, consisting of law enforcement and security surveillance markets, is extremely competitive. Competitive factors
in these industries include ease of use, quality, portability, versatility, reliability, accuracy and cost. There are direct competitors
with technology and products in the law enforcement and surveillance markets for all of our products, including those that are in development.
Many of these competitors have significant advantages over us, including greater financial, technical, marketing and manufacturing resources,
more extensive distribution channels, larger customer bases and faster response times to adapt new or emerging technologies and changes
in customer requirements. Our primary competitors in the in-car video systems market include L-3 Mobile-Vision, Inc., Coban Technologies,
Inc., Enforcement Video, LLC d/b/a WatchGuard Video WatchGuard ), Kustom Signals, Panasonic System Communications Company,
International Police Technologies, Inc. and a number of other competitors who sell, or may in the future sell, in-car video systems to
law enforcement agencies. Our primary competitors in the body-worn camera market include Axon Enterprises, Inc. Axon ),
Reveal Media, WatchGuard, and VieVU, Inc., which was acquired by Axon in 2018. We face similar and intense competitive factors for our
event recorders in the commercial fleet and private security markets as we do in the law enforcement and security surveillance markets.
There can be no assurance that we will be able to compete successfully in these markets. Further, there can be no assurance that new
and existing companies will not enter the law enforcement and security surveillance markets in the future. The commercial fleet security
and surveillance markets likewise are also very competitive. There are direct competitors for our FLT-250 and DVM-250 Plus event
recorders, which may have greater financial, technical marketing, and manufacturing resources than we do. Our primary competitors
in the commercial fleet sector include Lytx, Inc. (previously DriveCam, Inc.) and SmartDrive Systems, among others. 

9 

Competition
 Revenue Cycle Management Operating Segment 

Our
revenue cycle management segment is a highly competitive market that is only intensifying as the market continues to grow. We face competition
from a variety of sources, including internal revenue cycle management departments within healthcare organizations, as these organizations
are beginning to make internal investments in these departments to keep these services in house. Additionally, other revenue cycle management
providers exist and offer similar services through software vendors, traditional consultants, and information technology sources. 

Competition
 Entertainment Operating Segment 

Our
entertainment segment faces robust competition from several sources throughout the industry. As the online and mobile ticketing market
continues to increase, it has allowed for more technology-based companies to offer ticketing services and systems. The online environment
consists of numerous other websites and platforms for all markets. With the market continuing to grow, resale marketplaces and websites
can reach a vastly larger audience with more convenient access to tickets for a wide variety of events. We continue to build our brand
and recognition, through the numerous partnerships and sponsorships throughout the country, in attempt to become a preferred platform
for consumers. 

Worldwide
Reinsurance Ltd. 

In
December 2021, the Company formed a wholly-owned subsidiary, Worldwide Reinsurance Ltd. Worldwide Re ), a Bermuda incorporated
captive insurance company that will provide primarily liability insurance coverage to the Company for which insurance may not be currently
available or economically feasible in today s insurance marketplace. 

Worldwide
Re is subject to capital and other regulatory requirements imposed by the Bermuda Monetary Authority BMA ). Although these
capital requirements are generally less constraining than U.S. capital requirements, failure to satisfy these requirements could result
in regulatory actions from the BMA or loss of or modification of Worldwide Re s Class 1 insurer license, which could adversely
impact our ability to support our insurance needs and to grow this business into another line of business for our holding company. To
date, our captive s relatively immature claims history limits the predictive value of estimating the costs of incurred and future
claims. Accordingly, the captive could continue to incur significant fluctuations in financial results as the captive provides insurance
coverage to Digital Ally and its affiliated businesses and seeks to expand beyond our affiliated companies to offer coverage for third
parties. 

Intellectual
Property Video Solutions Operating Segment 

Our
video solutions operating segment s ability to compete effectively will depend on our success in protecting our proprietary technology,
both in the United States and abroad. We have filed for patent protection in the United States and certain other countries to cover certain
design aspects of our products. 

Some
of our patent applications are still under review by the USPTO and, therefore, we have not yet been issued all the patents that we applied
for in the United States. We were issued several patents in recent years, including a patent on our VuLink product that provides automatic
triggering of our body-worn camera and our in-car video systems. No assurance can be given which, or any, of the patents relating to
our existing technology will be issued from the United States or any foreign patent offices. Additionally, no assurance can be given
that we will receive any patents in the future based on our continued development of our technology, or that our patent protection within
and/or outside of the United States will be sufficient to deter others, legally or otherwise, from developing or marketing competitive
products utilizing our technologies. 

We
have entered into supply and distribution agreements with several companies that produce certain of our products, including our DVM-250
and DVM-800 products. These supply and distribution agreements contain certain confidentiality provisions that protect our proprietary
technology, as well as that of the third-party manufacturers. 

In
addition to seeking patent protection, we rely on trade secrets, know-how and continuing technological advancement to seek to achieve
and thereafter maintain a competitive advantage. Although we have entered into or intend to enter into confidentiality and invention
agreements with our employees, consultants and advisors, no assurance can be given that such agreements will be honored or that we will
be able to effectively protect our rights to our unpatented trade secrets and know-how. Moreover, no assurance can be given that others
will not independently develop substantially equivalent proprietary information and techniques or otherwise gain access to our trade
secrets and know-how. 

10 

Intellectual
Property Revenue Cycle Management Operating Segment 

Our
revenue cycle management s operating segment s ability to compete effectively primarily depends on our trade secrets and
know-how and does not depend heavily on any proprietary technology or patents. 

Intellectual
Property Entertainment Operating Segment 

Our
entertainment operating segment s ability to compete effectively primarily depends on our trade secrets and know-how and does not
depend heavily on any proprietary technology or patents. 

Human
Capital 

As
of December 31, 2022, Digital Ally, and its subsidiaries, had approximately 201 full-time employees spread throughout the
country, representing the core values and objectives of the Company. These employees are spread amongst our operating segments as
follows: 

As of December 31, 

2022 
 
 Employee headcount: 

Video Solutions 
 109 
 
 Revenue Cycle Management [1] 
 78 
 
 Entertainment 
 14 
 
 Total Employee Headcount 
 201 

[1]
Our revenue cycle management operating segment has no direct employees. Nobility Healthcare, our minority interest partner provides
all human capital resources to manage and operate the Company s revenue cycle management operating segment. 

Our
employees are our most important assets and they set the foundation for our ability to achieve our strategic objectives. All of our employees
contribute to Digital Ally s success and, in particular, the employees in our manufacturing, sales, research and development, and
quality assurance departments are instrumental in driving operational execution and strong financial performance, advancing innovation
and maintaining a strong quality and compliance program. 

Our
employees are not covered by any collective bargaining agreement, and we have never experienced a work stoppage. We strive to create
a culture and work environment that enables us to attract, train, promote, and retain a diverse group of talented employees who together
can help us gain a competitive advantage. Our key programs and initiatives that are focused to attract, develop and retain our diverse
workforce include: 

Compensation
 Programs and Employee Benefits: the main objective of Digital Ally s compensation program is to provide a compensation package
 that will attract, retain, motivate and reward superior employees who must operate in a highly competitive and technologically challenging
 environment. We seek to do this by linking annual changes in compensation to overall Company performance, as well as each individual s
 contribution to the results achieved. The emphasis on overall Company performance is intended to align the employee s financial
 interests with the interests of shareholders. Digital Ally also seeks fairness in total compensation with reference to external comparisons,
 internal comparisons and the relationship between management and non-management remuneration. The structure of our compensation programs
 balances incentive earnings for both short-term and long-term performance. Specifically: 

11 

We
 provide employee wages that are competitive and consistent with employee positions, skill levels, experience, knowledge and geographic
 location. 

We
 align our executives long-term equity compensation with our shareholders interests by linking realizable pay with stock
 performance. 

Annual
 increases and incentive compensation are based on merit, which is communicated to employees at the time of hiring and documented
 through our talent management process as part of our annual review procedures and upon internal transfer and/or promotion. 

All
 employees are eligible for health insurance, paid and unpaid leaves, short-term disability, worker s compensation, long-term
 disability, a retirement plan and life and disability/accident coverage. We also offer a variety of voluntary benefits that allow
 employees to select the options that meet their needs. 

Item
 1A. 
 Risk
 Factors. 

Not
applicable. 

Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved
 Staff Comments. 

None. 

12 

Item
 2. 
 Properties. 

On
May 13, 2020, the Company entered into an operating lease for new warehouse and office space which had served as its principal executive
office and primary business location, prior to the completed building purchase. The Company plans to relocate the entertainment operating
segment operations to this existing leased facility in 2023. This facility contains approximately 16,531 square feet and is located at
15612 College Blvd, Lenexa, Kansas 66219. The lease terms, as amended, include no base rent for the first nine months and monthly payments
ranging from 12,398 to 14,741 thereafter, with a termination date of December 31, 2026. 

On
April 30, 2021, the Company closed on the purchase and sale agreement to acquire a 71,361 square feet commercial office building located
in Lenexa, Kansas which is intended to serve as the Company s future office and warehouse needs for executive offices and for management
and warehouse operations for the video solutions operating segment. The building contains approximately 30,000 square feet of office
space and the remainder warehouse space. The total purchase price was approximately 5.3 million. The Company funded the purchase price
with cash on hand, without the addition of external debt or other financing. 

On
June 30, 2021, the Company completed the acquisition of a private medical billing company, through Nobility Healthcare, a majority owned
subsidiary. Upon completion of this acquisition, Nobility Healthcare became responsible for the operating lease
for the seller s office space. The lease terms include monthly payments ranging from 2,648 to 2,774 and terminate in July 2024.
The Company plans to relocate the revenue cycle management operating segment acquired operations to existing owned or leased facilities
upon termination of this operating lease. 

On
August 31, 2021, the Company completed the acquisition of another private medical billing company, through Nobility Healthcare. Upon
completion of this acquisition, Nobility Healthcare became responsible for the operating lease for the seller s office space. The
lease terms include monthly payments ranging from 11,579 to 11,811 and terminate in March 2023. The Company plans to relocate the revenue
cycle management operating segment acquired operations to existing owned or leased facilities upon termination of this operating lease. 

On
September 1, 2021, the Company completed the acquisition of Goody Tickets, LLC and TicketSmarter, LLC, through TicketSmarter. Upon
completion of this acquisition, the Company became responsible for the operating lease for the TicketSmarter office space. The lease
terms included monthly payments ranging from 7,211 to 7,364 and expired in December 2022. The Company signed a six month extension
through June 2023, and plans to relocate the
entertainment operating segment operations at that time. 

On January 1, 2022, the Company completed the acquisition of another private
medical billing company, through Nobility Healthcare. Upon completion of this acquisition, Nobility Healthcare became responsible for
the operating lease for the seller s office space. The lease terms include monthly payments ranging from 4,233 to 4,626 and terminate
in June 2025. The Company plans to relocate the revenue cycle management operating segment acquired operations to existing owned or leased
facilities upon termination of this operating lease. 

Item
 3. 
 Legal
 Proceedings. 

From time to time, we are notified
that we may be a party to a lawsuit or that a claim is being made against us. It is our policy to not disclose the specifics of any claim
or threatened lawsuit until the summons and complaint are actually served on us. After carefully assessing the claim, and assuming we
determine that we are not at fault or we disagree with the damages or relief demanded, we vigorously defend any lawsuit filed against
us. We record a liability when losses are deemed probable and reasonably estimable. When losses are deemed reasonably possible but not
probable, we determine whether it is possible to provide an estimate of the amount of the loss or range of possible losses for the claim,
if material for disclosure. In evaluating matters for accrual and disclosure purposes, we take into consideration factors such as our
historical experience with matters of a similar nature, the specific facts and circumstances asserted, the likelihood of our prevailing,
the availability of insurance, and the severity of any potential loss. We reevaluate and update accruals as matters progress over time. 

13 

While the ultimate resolution
is unknown, we do not expect that these lawsuits will individually, or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect to our results
of operations, financial condition or cash flows. However, the outcome of any litigation is inherently uncertain and there can be no assurance
that any expense, liability or damages that may ultimately result from the resolution of these matters will be covered by our insurance
or will not be in excess of amounts recognized or provided by insurance coverage and will not have a material adverse effect on our operating
results, financial condition or cash flows. 

Culp
McCauley 

On
May 31, 2022, the Company filed a lawsuit against Culp McAuley, Inc. defendant in the United States District Court for
the District of Kansas. The lawsuit arises from the defendant s multiple breaches of its obligations to the Company. The Company
seeks monetary damages and injunctive relief based on certain conduct by the defendant. On July 18, 2022, the defendant filed its Answer
to the Company s Verified Complaint and included Counterclaims alleging breach of contract and seeking monetary damages. On August
8, 2022, the Company filed its Reply and Affirmative Defenses to the Counterclaims by, among other things, denying the allegations and
any and all liability. We have not concluded that a material loss related to the allegations is probable, nor have we accrued a liability
related to these claims. Although we believe a loss could be reasonably possible (as defined in ASC 450), we do not have sufficient information
to determine the amount or range of reasonably possible loss with respect to the potential damages given that the dispute is yet to enter
the discovery process. We will continue to vigorously pursue these claims, and we continue to believe that we have valid grounds for
recovery of the disputed deliverables. However, there can be no assurances as to the outcome of the dispute. 

Item
 4. 
 Mine
 Safety Disclosures. 

Not
applicable. 

14 

PART
II 

Item
 5. 
 Market
 for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Holders of Common Stock 

As of March 31, 2023, we had approximately 170 shareholders of record for
our Common Stock. 

Dividend
Policy 

To date, we have not declared
or paid cash dividends on our shares of Common Stock. The holders of our Common Stock will be entitled to non-cumulative dividends on
the shares of Common Stock, when and as declared by our board of directors Board of Directors or Board in
its discretion. We intend to retain all future earnings, if any, for our business and do not anticipate paying cash dividends in the foreseeable
future. 

Any
future determination to pay cash dividends will be at the discretion of our Board and will be dependent upon our financial condition,
results of operations, capital requirements, general business conditions and such other factors as our Board may deem relevant. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

Except
as previously reported by the Company on its Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q or its Current Reports on Form 8-K, as applicable, we did
not sell any securities during the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K that were not registered under the Securities Act. 

Item
 6. 
 [Reserved]. 

Item
 7. 
 Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation. 

This
discussion contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange
Act. The words believe, expect, anticipate, intend, estimate, may, 
 should, could, will, plan, future, continue, and
other expressions that are predictions of or indicate future events and trends and that do not relate to historical matters identify
forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based largely on our expectations or forecasts of future events, can
be affected by inaccurate assumptions, and are subject to various business risks and known and unknown uncertainties, a number of which
are beyond our control. Therefore, actual results could differ materially from the forward-looking statements contained in this document,
and readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. 

We
undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events
or otherwise. A wide variety of factors could cause or contribute to such differences and could adversely impact revenues, profitability,
cash flows and capital needs. There can be no assurance that the forward-looking statements contained in this document will, in fact,
transpire or prove to be accurate. 

Factors
that could cause or contribute to our actual results differing materially from those discussed herein or for our stock price to be
adversely affected include, but are not limited to: (1) our losses in recent years, including fiscal years 2022 and 2021; (2)
economic and other risks for our business from the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, including the impacts on our law-enforcement
and commercial customers, suppliers and employees and on our ability to raise capital as required; (3) our ability to increase
revenues, increase our margins and return to consistent profitability in the current economic and competitive environment; (4) our
operation in developing markets and uncertainty as to market acceptance of our technology and new products; (5) the availability of
funding from federal, state and local governments to facilitate the budgets of law enforcement agencies, including the timing,
amount and restrictions on such funding; (6) our ability to deliver our new product offerings as scheduled in 2023, and whether new
products perform as planned or advertised and whether they will help increase our revenues; (7) whether we will be able to increase
the sales, domestically and internationally, for our products in the future; (8) our ability to maintain or expand our share of the
market for our products in the domestic and international markets in which we compete, including increasing our international
revenues; (9) our ability to produce our products in a cost-effective manner; (10) competition from larger, more established
companies with far greater economic and human resources; (11) our ability to attract and retain quality employees; (12) risks
related to dealing with governmental entities as customers; (13) our expenditure of significant resources in anticipation of sales
due to our lengthy sales cycle and the potential to receive no revenue in return; (14) characterization of our market by new
products and rapid technological change; (15) that stockholders may lose all or part of their investment if we are unable to compete
in our markets and return to profitability; (16) defects in our products that could impair our ability to sell our products or could
result in litigation and other significant costs; (17) our dependence on key personnel; (18) our reliance on third-party
distributors and sales representatives for part of our marketing capability; (19) our dependence on a few manufacturers and
suppliers for components of our products and our dependence on domestic and foreign manufacturers for certain of our products; (20)
our ability to protect technology through patents and to protect our proprietary technology and information, such as trade secrets,
through other similar means; (21) our ability to generate more recurring cloud and service revenues; (22) risks related to our
license arrangements; (23) our revenues and operating results may fluctuate unexpectedly from quarter to quarter; (24) sufficient
voting power by coalitions of a few of our larger stockholders, including directors and officers, to make corporate governance
decisions that could have a significant effect on us and the other stockholders; (25) the sale of substantial amounts of our Common
Stock that may have a depressive effect on the market price of the outstanding shares of our Common Stock; (26) the possible
issuance of Common Stock subject to options and warrants that may dilute the interest of stockholders; (27) our nonpayment of
dividends and lack of plans to pay dividends in the future; (28) future sale of a substantial number of shares of our Common Stock
that could depress the trading price of our common stock, lower our value and make it more difficult for us to raise capital; (29)
our additional securities available for issuance, which, if issued, could adversely affect the rights of the holders of our Common
Stock; (30) our stock price is likely to be highly volatile due to a number of factors, including a relatively limited public float;
(31) whether such technology will have a significant impact on our revenues in the long-term; (32) whether we will be able to meet
the standards for continued listing on the Nasdaq Capital Market; and (33) indemnification of our officers and directors. 

15 

Current
Trends and Recent Developments for the Company 

Overview 

Video
Solutions Operating Segment Within our video solutions operating segment we supply technology-based products utilizing our portable
digital video and audio recording capabilities for the law enforcement and security industries and for the commercial fleet and mass
transit markets. We have the ability to integrate electronic, radio, computer, mechanical, and multi-media technologies to create positive
solutions to our customers requests. Our products include: the EVO-HD, DVM-800 and DVM-800 Lite, which are in-car digital video
systems for law enforcement and commercial markets; the FirstVU body-worn camera line, consisting of the FirstVu Pro, FirstVu, and the
FirstVU HD; our patented and revolutionary VuLink product integrates our body-worn cameras with our in-car systems by providing hands-free
automatic activation for both law enforcement and commercial markets; the FLT-250, DVM-250, and DVM-250 Plus, which are our commercial
line of digital video mirrors that serve as event recorders for the commercial fleet and mass transit markets; and FleetVu
and VuLink, which are our cloud-based evidence management systems. We further diversified and broadened our product offerings in 2020,
by introducing two new lines of branded products: (1) the ThermoVu which is a line of self-contained temperature monitoring stations
that provides alerts and controls facility access when an individual s temperature exceeds a pre-set threshold and (2) our Shield 
disinfectants and cleansers which are for use against viruses and bacteria. 

Revenue
Cycle Management Operating Segment - We entered the revenue cycle management business late in the second quarter of 2021 with
the formation of our wholly owned subsidiary, Digital Ally Healthcare, Inc. and its majority-owned subsidiary Nobility Healthcare.
Nobility Healthcare completed its first acquisition in June 2021, when it acquired a private medical billing company, and have since
completed three additional acquisitions of private medical billing companies, in which we will assist in providing working capital and back-office services to
healthcare organizations throughout the country. Our assistance consists of insurance and benefit verification, medical treatment
documentation and coding, and collections. Through our expertise and experience in this field, we maximize our customers 
service revenues collected, leading to substantial improvements in their operating margins and cash flows. 

Entertainment
Operating Segment - We also entered into live entertainment and events ticketing services through the formation of our wholly owned
subsidiary, TicketSmarter and its completed acquisitions of Goody Tickets, LLC and TicketSmarter, LLC, on September 1, 2021. TicketSmarter
provides ticket sales, partnerships, and mainly, ticket resale services through its online ticketing marketplace for live events, TicketSmarter.com.
TicketSmarter offers tickets for over 125,000 live events through its platform, for a wide range of events, including concerts, sporting
events, theatres, and performing arts, throughout the country. 

Segment
Overview 

Our
reportable segments are: 1) video solutions, 2) revenue cycle management, and 3) entertainment. 

Video
Solutions Operating Segment 

Our
video solutions segment revenue encompasses video recording products and services for our law enforcement and commercial customers and
the sale of Shield disinfectant and personal protective products. This segment generates revenues our subscription models offering cloud
and warranty solutions, and hardware sales for video and personal protective safety products and solutions. Revenues for product sales
are recognized upon delivery of the product, and revenues from our cloud and warranty subscription plans are deferred over the term of
the subscription, typically 3 or 5 years. 

16 

To
judge the health of our video solutions segment, we review the current active subscriptions and deferred service revenues, along with
the quantity and gross margins generated by our video solutions hardware sales. 

Revenue
Cycle Management Operating Segment 

Our
revenue cycle management segment consists of our medical billing subsidiaries. Revenues of this segment are recognized after we
perform our obligations of our revenue cycle management services. Our revenue cycle management segment is services performed and
such services are charged monthly, generally based on a contractual percentage of total customer collections, for which we recognize
our net service fees. 

To
judge the health of our revenue cycle management segment, we review the collection success rate and collection timing. In addition, we
review the associated costs incurred to assist our customers, and any changes in operating margins and cash flows. 

Entertainment
Operating Segment 

Our
entertainment operating segment consists of ticketing services provided through TicketSmarter and its online platform, TicketSmarter.com.
Revenues of this segment include ticketing service charges generally determined as a percentage of the face value of the underlying ticket
and ticket sales from our ticket inventory which are recognized when the underlying tickets are sold. Ticketing direct expenses include
the cost of tickets purchased for resale by the Company and holds as inventory, credit card fees, ticketing platform expenses, website
maintenance fees, along with other administrative costs. 

To
judge the health of our entertainment operating segment, we review the gross transaction value, which represents the total value related
to a ticket sale and includes the face value of the ticket as well as the service charge. In addition, we review the number of visits
to our websites, cost of customer acquisition, the purchase conversion rate, the overall number of customers in our database, and the
number and percentage of tickets sold via the website and mobile app. 

Summary Financial Data 

Summarized
financial information for the Company s reportable business segments is provided for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021: 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Net Revenues: 

Video Solutions 
 8,252,288 
 9,073,626 
 
 Revenue Cycle Management 
 7,886,107 
 1,630,048 
 
 Entertainment 
 20,871,500 
 10,709,760 
 
 Total Net Revenues 
 37,009,895 
 21,413,434 

Gross Profit (loss): 

Video Solutions 
 (1,250,277 
 2,002,345 
 
 Revenue Cycle Management 
 3,303,477 
 521,047 
 
 Entertainment 
 268,741 
 3,140,383 
 
 Total Gross Profit 
 2,321,941 
 5,663,775 

Operating Income (loss): 

Video Solutions 
 (9,278,721 
 (4,497,196 
 
 Revenue Cycle Management 
 357,705 
 93,763 
 
 Entertainment 
 (7,369,241 
 235,432 
 
 Corporate 
 (13,443,001 
 (10,592,909 
 
 Total Operating Income (Loss) 
 (29,733,258 
 (14,760,910 

Depreciation and Amortization: 

Video Solutions 
 769,228 
 395,361 
 
 Revenue Cycle Management 
 128,082 

Entertainment 
 1,279,369 
 427,128 
 
 Total Depreciation and Amortization 
 2,176,679 
 822,489 

Assets (net of eliminations): 

Video Solutions 
 28,509,706 
 25,983,348 
 
 Revenue Cycle Management 
 2,201,570 
 934,095 
 
 Entertainment 
 11,190,491 
 12,260,780 
 
 Corporate 
 14,766,295 
 43,810,974 
 
 Total Identifiable Assets 
 56,668,062 
 82,989,197 

17 

Segment
net revenues reported above represent only sales to external customers. Segment gross profit represents net revenues less cost of revenues.
Segment operating income (loss), which is used in management s evaluation of segment performance, represents net revenues, less
cost of revenues, less all operating expenses. Identifiable assets are those assets used by each segment in its operations. Corporate
assets primarily consist of cash, property, plant and equipment, accounts receivable, inventories, and other assets. 

Consolidated
Results of Operations 

We
experienced operating losses for all quarters during 2022 and 2021. The following is a summary of our recent operating results on a quarterly
basis: 

For
 the Three Months Ended: 

December
 31, 2022 
 September
 30, 2022 
 June
 30, 2022 
 March
 31, 2022 
 December
 31, 2021 
 September
 30, 2021 
 June
 30, 2021 
 March
 31, 2021 
 
 Total revenue 
 8,879,504 
 8,484,153 
 9,351,457 
 10,294,781 
 11,744,112 
 4,639,822 
 2,493,671 
 2,535,829 
 
 Gross profit 
 (1,932,256 
 595,500 
 1,719,078 
 1,939,619 
 2,190,523 
 1,400,570 
 1,260,800 
 811,882 
 
 Gross profit margin percentage 
 (21.8 
 7.0 
 18.4 
 18.8 
 18.7 
 30.2 
 50.6 
 32.0 
 
 Total selling, general and
 administrative expenses 
 7,769,389 
 7,162,523 
 8,380,330 
 8,742,957 
 7,869,883 
 4,999,543 
 3,877,684 
 3,677,575 
 
 Operating loss 
 (9,701,645 
 (6,567,023 
 (6,661,252 
 (6,803,338 
 (5,679,360 
 (3,598,973 
 (2,616,884 
 (2,865,693 
 
 Operating loss percentage 
 (109.3 
 (77.4 
 (71.2 
 (66.1 
 (48.4 
 (77.6 
 (104.9 
 (113.0 
 
 Net income/(loss) 
 (9,574,258 
 (1,919,071 
 (682,187 
 (6,698,242 
 1,122,791 
 8,068,799 
 (5,382,487 
 21,721,858 

Our business is subject to substantial
fluctuations on a quarterly basis as reflected in the significant variations in revenues and operating results in the above table. These
variations result from various factors, including but not limited to: (1) the timing of large individual orders; (2) the traction gained
by products, such as the recently released FirstVu Pro, FirstVu II, FLT-250, EVO HD, the ThermoVu and the Shield lines;
(3) production, quality and other supply chain issues affecting our cost of goods sold; (4) unusual increases in operating expenses, such
as the timing of trade shows and stock-based and bonus compensation; (5) the timing of patent infringement litigation settlements (6)
ongoing patent and other litigation and related expenses respecting outstanding lawsuits; and (7) the completion of corporate acquisitions
including the recent purchases in the revenue cycle management and entertainment operating segments. We reported net loss of 9,574,258
on revenues of 8,879,504 for the fourth quarter of 2022. 

18 

The
factors and trends affecting our recent performance include: 

The Company formed two new operating segments in 2021 and revenues increased
in the first through third quarters of 2022 compared to the same quarters in 2021. The primary reason for the revenue increase in 2022
is the completion of three acquisitions in 2021, being TicketSmarter which is included in our entertainment operating segment and two
acquisitions of medical billing companies through our revenue cycle management operating segment, paired with two further acquisitions
within the revenue cycle management operating segment in the first quarter of 2022. The new entertainment operating segment generated
 20,871,500 in revenue in 2022, and our revenue cycle management operating segment generated 7,886,107 in revenues for 2022. We expect
to continue to experience improved results from our two new operating segments and their recent acquisitions, along with improved results
from the video solutions segment as the recurring revenue model expands. 

Our
 objective is to expand our video solutions segment s recurring service revenue to help stabilize our revenues on a quarterly
 basis. Revenues from cloud storages have been increasing in recent quarters and reached approximately 431,167 in the fourth quarter
 of 2022, an increase of 128,533 (42 over the fourth quarter of 2021. Overall, cloud revenues increased to approximately 1,471,860
 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to approximately 1,055,965 for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 415,895,
 or 39 . We are pursuing several new market channels outside of our traditional law enforcement and private security customers, similar
 to our NASCAR and event security customers, which we believe will help expand the appeal of our products and service capabilities
 to new commercial markets. If successful, we believe that these new market channels could yield recurring service revenues for us
 in the future. 

We
 have a multi-year official partnership with NASCAR, naming us A Preferred Technology Provider of NASCAR. As part of
 the relationship, we provide cameras that are mounted in the Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series garage throughout the season, bolstering
 both NASCAR s commitment to safety at every racetrack, as well as enhancing its officiating process through technology. Our
 relationship with NASCAR has yielded many new opportunities with NASCAR related sponsors. We believe this partnership with NASCAR
 demonstrates the flexibility of our product offerings and will help expand the appeal of our products and service capabilities to
 new commercial markets. We also have an affiliation with the Indy series races and, in particular, the Rahal Letterman Lanigan Racing
 team which has several cars in most Indy style races. These relationships provide us with access to many potential customers through
 the various programs supported by both the NASCAR and Indy-Style car race series. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

We
do not have any off-balance sheet debt, nor did we have any transactions, arrangements, obligations (including contingent obligations)
or other relationships with any unconsolidated entities or other persons that may have a material current or future effect on financial
conditions, changes in the financial conditions, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures, capital resources, or significant
components of revenue or expenses. 

We
are a party to operating leases and license agreements that represent commitments for future payments (described in Note 15, Commitments
and Contingencies, to our consolidated financial statements) and we have issued purchase orders in the ordinary course of business
that represent commitments to future payments for goods and services. 

19 

For
the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Results
of Operations 

Summarized
immediately below and discussed in more detail in the subsequent sub-sections is an analysis of our operating results for the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021, represented as a percentage of total revenues for each respective year: 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenue 
 100 
 100 
 
 Cost of revenue 
 94 
 74 

Gross profit 
 6 
 26 

Selling, general and administrative expenses: 

Research and development expense 
 6 
 9 
 
 Selling, advertising and promotional expense 
 25 
 27 
 
 General and administrative expense 
 55 
 60 

Total selling, general and administrative expenses 
 87 
 96 

Operating loss 
 (80 
 (69 

Change in fair value of derivative liabilities 
 18 
 171 
 
 Change in fair value of contingent consideration promissory notes and earn-out agreements 
 1 
 17 
 
 Warrant modification expense 
 
 (1 
 
 Change in fair value of short-term investments 

Gain on extinguishment of warrant derivative liability 
 10 

Gain on extinguishment of debt 

Gain on sale of property, plant and equipment 
 1 

Interest income (expense) and other income, net 
 (1 
 1 

Income (loss) before income tax benefit 
 (51 
 119 
 
 Income tax expense (benefit) 

Net income (loss) 
 (51 
 119 

Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests of consolidated subsidiary 
 (1 

Loss on redemption Series A B convertible redeemable preferred stock 
 (6 

Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders 
 (59 
 119 

Net income (loss) per share information: 

Basic 
 (8.50 
 10.14 
 
 Diluted 
 (8.50 
 10.14 

Revenues 

Revenues
by Type and by Operating Segment 

Our
operating segments generate two types of revenues: 

Product
revenues primarily includes video operating segment hardware sales of in-car and body-worn cameras, along with sales of our ThermoVu TM
 units, disinfectants, and personal protective equipment. Additionally, product revenues also include the sale of tickets by our
entertainment operating segment that have been purchased or received through our sponsorships and partnerships and held in inventory
by our entertainment segment until their sale. 

20 

Service
and other revenues consist of cloud and warranty services revenues from our subscription plan and storage offerings of our video
solutions segment. Our entertainment operating segments secondary ticketing marketplace revenues are included in service revenue.
We recognize service revenue from sales generated through its secondary ticketing marketplace as we collect net services fees on secondary
ticketing marketplace transactions. Lastly, our revenue cycle management segment revenues are included in the service revenues for services
provided to medical providers throughout the country. 

The
following table presents revenues by type and segment: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 Change 
 2021 
 
 Product revenues: 

Video solutions 
 5,401,089 
 (15.5 
 6,393,050 
 
 Entertainment 
 5,598,803 
 100.9 
 2,787,237 
 
 Total product revenues 
 10,999,892 
 19.8 
 9,180,287 
 
 Service and other revenues: 

Video solutions 
 2,851,199 
 6.4 
 2,680,576 
 
 Entertainment 
 15,272,697 
 92.8 
 7,922,523 
 
 Revenue cycle management 
 7,886,107 
 384.0 
 1,630,048 
 
 Total service and other revenues 
 26,010,003 
 112.6 
 12,233,147 
 
 Total revenues 
 37,009,895 
 72.8 
 21,413,434 

21 

Our
video operating segment sells our products and services to customers in the following manner: 

Sales
 to domestic customers are made directly to the end customer (typically a law enforcement agency or a commercial customer) through
 our sales force, comprised of our employees. Revenue is recorded when the product is shipped to the end customer. 

Sales
 to international customers are made through independent distributors who purchase products from us at a wholesale price and sell
 to the end user (typically law enforcement agencies or a commercial customer) at a retail price. The distributor retains the margin
 as compensation for its role in the transaction. The distributor generally maintains product inventory, customer receivables and
 all related risks and rewards of ownership. Revenue is recorded when the product is shipped to the distributor consistent with the
 terms of the distribution agreement. 

Repair
 parts and services for domestic and international customers are generally handled by our inside customer service employees. Revenue
 is recognized upon shipment of the repair parts and acceptance of the service or materials by the end customer. 

Our
revenue cycle management operating segment sells its services to customers in the following manner: 

Our
 revenue cycle management operating segment generates service revenues through relationships with medium to large healthcare organizations,
 in which the underlying service revenue is recognized upon execution of services. Service revenues are generally determined as a
 percentage of the dollar amount of medical billings collected by the customer. 

Our
entertainment operating segment sells our products and services to customers in the following manner: 

Our
 entertainment operating segment generates product revenues from the sale of tickets directly to consumers for a particular event
 that the entertainment operating segment has previously purchased and held in inventory for ultimate resale to the end consumer.
 Service sales through TicketSmarter, are driven largely in part to the usage of the TicketSmarter.com marketplace by buyers and sellers,
 in which the Company collects service fees for each transaction completed through this platform. 

We
may discount our prices on specific orders based upon the size of the order, the specific customer and the competitive landscape. 

Product
revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 10,999,892 and 9,180,287, respectively, an increase of 1,819,605 (20 ),
due to the following factors: 

Revenues
 generated by the new entertainment operating segment began with the Company s acquisition of TicketSmarter on September 1,
 2021. The new entertainment operating segment generated 5,598,803 in product revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022,
 compared to 2,787,237 for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. This largely relates to the Company having a full year of
 activity in 2022, in comparison to just four months of activity post-acquisition in 2021. 

The
 Company s video solutions operating segment generated product revenues totaling 5,401,089 during the year ended December 31,
 2022 compared to 6,393,050 for the year ended December 31, 2021. In general, our video solutions operating segment has experienced
 pressure on its product revenues as our in-car and body-worn systems are facing increased competition because our competitors have
 released new products with advanced features. Additionally, our law enforcement revenues declined over the year ended December 31,
 2022 due to price-cutting and competitive actions by our competitors, adverse marketplace effects related to our patent litigation
 proceedings and our recent financial condition. 

22 

Our
 video solutions operating segment management has continued to focus on migrating commercial customers, from a hardware sale to a
 service fee model. Therefore, we expect a reduction in commercial hardware sales (principally DVM-250 s, FLT-250 s, and
 a portion of our body-worn camera line) as we convert these customers to a service model under which we provide the hardware as part
 of a recurring monthly service fee. In that respect, we introduced a monthly subscription agreement plan for our body worn cameras
 and related equipment during the second quarter of 2020 that allowed law enforcement agencies to pay a monthly service fee to obtain
 body worn cameras without incurring a significant upfront capital outlay. This program has gained some traction, resulting in decreased
 product revenues and increasing our service revenues. We expect this program to continue to hold traction, resulting in recurring
 revenues over a span of three to five years. 

Service
and other revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 26,010,003 and 12,233,147, respectively, an increase of 13,776,856
(113 ), due to the following factors: 

Cloud
 revenues generated by the video solutions operating segment were 1,471,860 and 1,055,965 for the years ended December 31, 2022
 and 2021, respectively, an increase of 415,895 (39 ). We continue to experience increased interest in our cloud solutions for law
 enforcement primarily due to the deployment of our cloud-based EVO-HD in-car system and our next generation body-worn camera products,
 which contributed to our increased cloud revenues in the year ended December 31, 2022. We expect this trend to continue for 2023
 as the migration from local storage to cloud storage continues in our customer base. 

Video solutions operating segment revenues from extended warranty services
were 692,017 and 978,018 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, an decrease of 286,001 (29 ). This correlates
with the decrease in sales of DVM-800 hardware systems resulting in a decrease in their associated extended warranty. 

Our
 new entertainment operating segment generated service revenues totaling 15,272,697 and 7,922,523 for the years ended December 31,
 2022 and 2021, respectively, an increase of 7,350,174 (93 ). The Company completed the acquisitions of Goody Tickets, LLC and TicketSmarter,
 LLC in the third quarter of 2021, thus resulting in the new revenue stream for the Company during the last fourth months of 2021
 and twelve months ended December 31, 2022. TicketSmarter collects fees on transactions administered through the TicketSmarter.com
 platform for the buying and selling of tickets for live events throughout the country. This increase reflects a full twelve months
 of service revenues by our entertainment operating segment, which we hope will continue to present a strong revenue outlook moving
 forward. 

Our
 new revenue cycle management operating segment generated service revenues totaling 7,886,107 and 1,630,048 for the years ended
 December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, an increase of 6,256,059 (384 ). Our revenue cycle management operating segment has completed
 four acquisitions since formation in June 2021, thus resulting in the new service revenue stream added in the twelve months ended
 December 31, 2022. Our revenue cycle management operating segment provides revenue cycle management solutions and back-office services
 to healthcare organizations throughout the country. We expect our revenue cycle management segment to continue to present a strong
 revenue outlook moving forward. 

Total
revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 were 37,009,895 and 21,413,434, respectively, an increase of 15,596,461 (73 ),
due to the reasons noted above. 

23 

Cost
of Product Revenue 

Overall
cost of product revenue sold for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 was 14,372,115 and 8,635,047, respectively, an increase
of 5,737,068 (66 ). Overall cost of goods sold for products as a percentage of product revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022,
and 2021 were 131 and 94 , respectively. Cost of products sold by operating segment is as follows: 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cost of Product Revenues: 

Video Solutions 
 8,332,484 
 6,197,061 
 
 Revenue Cycle Management 

Entertainment 
 6,039,631 
 2,437,986 
 
 Total Cost of Product Revenues 
 14,372,115 
 8,635,047 

The
increase in cost of goods sold for our video solutions segment products is due to numerous factors including a sizeable increase in the
allowance for excess and obsolete inventory, mostly surrounding the personal protective equipment product line. Cost of product sold
as a percentage of product revenues for the video solutions segment increased to 154 for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared
to 97 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

The increase in
entertainment operating segment cost of product sold is due to the September 1, 2021 acquisition of TicketSmarter, resulting in a
full twelve months of cost of product revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022, and an increase to cost of product revenue of
 3,601,645 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2,437,986 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Cost of product sold as
a percentage of product revenues for the entertainment segment increased to 108 for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to
87 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

We
recorded 5,489,541 and 3,353,458 in reserves for obsolete and excess inventories for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
Total raw materials and component parts were 4,509,165 and 3,062,046 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively,
an increase of 1,447,119 (47 ). Finished goods balances were 7,816,618 and 10,512,579 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December
31, 2021, respectively, a decrease of 2,695,961 (26 which was attributable to a reduction in inventory for the video solutions product
lines and a large decrease in ticket inventory for the newly acquired entertainment segment. The increase in the inventory reserve is
primarily due to inventory obsolescence for the level of component parts of the older versions of our printed circuit boards and the
phase out of our DVM-750, DVM-500 Plus, LaserAlly legacy products, ThermoVu products, and personal protective equipment. Additionally,
the Company determined a reasonable reserve for inventory held at the ticket operating segment, in which some inventory items sell below
cost or go unsold, thus having to be fully written-off following the event date. We believe the reserves are appropriate given our inventory
levels as of December 31, 2022. 

Cost
of Service Revenue 

Overall cost of service revenue
sold for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 was 20,315,839 and 7,114,612, respectively, an increase of 13,201,227 (186 ).
Overall cost of goods sold for services as a percentage of service revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 were 78 and
58 , respectively. Cost of service revenues by operating segment is as follows: 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cost of Service Revenues: 

Video Solutions 
 1,170,081 
 874,219 
 
 Revenue Cycle Management 
 4,582,630 
 1,109,001 
 
 Entertainment 
 14,563,128 
 5,131,392 
 
 Total Cost of Service Revenues 
 20,315,839 
 7,114,612 

24 

The
increase in cost of service revenues for our video solutions segment is commensurate with the increase in service revenues in the year
ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. Cost of service revenues as a percentage of service revenues for
the video solutions segment increased to 41 for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 33 for the year ended December 31,
2021. 

The
increase in revenue cycle management operating segment cost of service revenue is due to the four completed acquisitions of medical
billing companies in late 2021 and early 2022. Cost of service revenues as a percentage of product revenues for the revenue cycle management
operating segment decreased to 58 for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 68 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

The increase in entertainment
operating segment cost of service revenues is due to the September 1, 2021 acquisition of TicketSmarter, resulting in an increase to cost
of service revenue to 14,563,128 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 5,131,392 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Cost
of service revenues as a percentage of service revenues for the entertainment increased to 95 for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 65 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Gross
Profit 

Overall gross profit for the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 2,321,941 and 5,663,775, respectively, a decrease of 3,341,833 (59 ). Gross profit by operating
segment was as follows: 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Gross Profit: 

Video Solutions 
 (1,250,278 
 2,002,345 
 
 Revenue Cycle Management 
 3,303,477 
 521,047 
 
 Entertainment 
 268,742 
 3,140,383 
 
 Total Gross Profit 
 2,321,941 
 5,663,775 

The
overall decrease is attributable to the increase in cost of goods sold across our video and entertainment segments for the year ended
December 31, 2022, as there was an overall increase in the cost of sales as a percentage of overall revenues to 94 for the year ended
December 31, 2022 from 74 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Our goal is to improve our margins over the longer term based on the
expected margins generated by our new recent revenue cycle management and entertainment operating segments together with our video solutions
operating segment and its expected margins from our EVO-HD, DVM-800, VuLink, FirstVu Pro, FirstVu II, Shield TM disinfectants
and our cloud evidence storage and management offering, provided that they gain traction in the marketplace. In addition, if revenues
from the video solutions segment increase, we will seek to further improve our margins from this segment through expansion and increased
efficiency utilizing fixed manufacturing overhead components. We plan to continue our initiative to more efficient management of our
supply chain through outsourcing production, quantity purchases and more effective purchasing practices. 

Selling,
General and Administrative Expenses 

Overall selling, general and administrative
expenses were 32,055,199 and 20,424,685 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, an increase of 11,630,514 (57 ).
The increase was primarily attributable to the recent acquisitions completed in the first quarter of 2022 and third quarter of 2021. Our
selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of sales decreased to 87 for 2022 compared to 95 in the same period in
2021. 

The
significant components of selling, general and administrative expenses are as follows: 

Year ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Research and development expense 
 2,290,293 
 1,930,784 
 
 Selling, advertising and promotional expense 
 9,312,204 
 5,717,824 
 
 Professional fees and expense 
 3,297,895 
 1,513,862 
 
 Executive, sales, and administrative staff payroll 
 6,544,711 
 3,288,360 
 
 Other 
 10,610,096 
 7,973,855 
 
 Total 
 32,055,199 
 20,424,685 

25 

Selling,
general and administrative expenses by operating segment are as follows: 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses: 

Video Solutions 
 9,950,263 
 6,231,254 
 
 Revenue Cycle Management 
 2,575,592 
 427,284 
 
 Entertainment 
 1,681,997 
 2,904,951 
 
 Corporate 
 17,847,347 
 10,861,196 
 
 Total selling, general and administrative expenses 
 32,055,199 
 20,424,685 

Research and development
expense. Our video solutions operating segment continues to focus on bringing new products to market, including updates
and improvements to current products. Our research and development expenses totaled 2,290,293 and 1,930,784 for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, an increase of 359,509 (19 ). We employed 21 engineers at December 31, 2022 compared to 17 engineers
at December 31, 2021, most of whom are dedicated to research and development activities for new products and primarily the FirstVu Pro, FirstVu II, QuickVu docking stations, EVO-HD and non-mirror based DVM-250 that can be located in multiple places in
a vehicle. We expect our research and development activities will continue to trend higher in future quarters as we continue to expand
our product offerings based on our new EVO-HD product platform and we continue to outsource more development projects. We consider our
research and development capabilities and new product focus to be a competitive advantage and will continue to invest in this area on
a prudent basis and consistent with our financial resources. 

Selling, advertising and
promotional expenses. Selling, advertising and promotional expenses totaled 9,312,204 and 5,717,824 for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, an increase of 3,594,380 (63 ). Salesman salaries and commissions for our video solutions segment represent
the primary components of these costs and were 1,643,563 and 1,605,034 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively,
a slight increase of 38,529 (2 ). The effective commission rate was 4 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 8 for the year
ended December 31, 2021. We increased the number of salesmen in our law enforcement and commercial channels in 2022 compared to 2021,
thus leading to an increase in sales commissions paid during the year ended December 31, 2022. Further, our recent acquisitions require
minimal salespeople, due to their specific service offerings and platforms. 

Promotional and advertising expenses
totaled 7,668,641 during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 4,112,790 during the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase
of 3,555,851 (86 ). The overall increase is primarily attributable to our 2022 sponsorships within NASCAR and IndyCar, along with TicketSmarter s
very active approach to sponsorship and advertising, as they are continuing to build a brand and gaining recognition. TicketSmarter accounted
for 4,024,748 of the total promotional and advertising expense for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Professional fees and expense .
Professional fees and expenses totaled 3,297,895 and 1,513,862 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, an increase
of 1,784,033 (118 ). The increase in professional fees is primarily attributable to increased legal and other fees in connection with
strategic transactions and acquisitions during the year ended December 31, 2022 paired with other current due diligence items and opportunities
the Company is exploring. Additionally, board fees, audit fees, and service fees that also attribute to this increase. 

Executive, sales and administrative staff payroll.
 Executive, sales and administrative staff payroll expenses totaled 6,544,711 and 3,288,360 for the years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021, respectively, an increase of 3,256,351 (99 ). The primary reason for the increase in executive, sales and administrative
staff payroll was the recent formation of the revenue cycle management and entertainment operating segments and their acquisitions of
the medical billing companies and TicketSmarter which occurred in late 2021 and early 2022. These recent acquisitions resulted in additional
payroll expenses with expanded executive positions, sales, and administrative staff numbers compared to 2021. 

26 

Other . Other selling,
general and administrative expenses totaled 10,610,096 and 7,973,855 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, an
increase of 2,636,241 (33 ). The increase in other expenses in the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021 is
primarily attributable to the increased expenses related to the two new operating segments and their acquisitions, and associated operating
expenses, completed during the year ended December 31, 2022, that were not relevant to the year ended December 31, 2021. Additionally,
this increase is also attributable to an increase in travel costs and increased insurance costs, primarily in general liability and related
coverages which premiums have been increased throughout the marketplace. 

Operating Loss 

For the reasons previously stated,
our operating loss was 29,733,258 and 14,760,910 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, an increase of 14,972,348
(101 ). Operating loss as a percentage of revenues worsened to 80 in 2022 from 69 in 2021. 

Interest and Other Income 

Interest income decreased to 131,025
for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 310,200 in 2021, which reflects our overall decline in our cash and cash equivalent levels
in 2022 compared to 2021. The company has completed five acquisitions and numerous other capital expenditures since the beginning of 2021, leading to the decrease
in cash balances: thus, leading to a decrease in interest income for the period. 

Interest Expense 

We incurred interest expenses
of 37,196 and 28,600 during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase is attributable to the contingent
earn-out notes associated with the four Nobility Healthcare acquisitions, currently at a total balance of 777,840 for the four notes,
with interest rates of 3.00 per annum. 

Change
in Fair Value of Short-Term Investments 

We
recognized a loss on change in fair value of short-term investments totaling 84,818 and 101,645 during the years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021, respectively. Such short-term investments are included in cash and cash equivalents as they contain original maturities
of ninety (90) days or less. The decrease reflects our overall lower cash and cash equivalent levels in 2022 compared to 2021. 

Change
in Fair Value of Warrant Derivative Liabilities 

During
2021, the Company issued detachable warrants to purchase a total of 2,127,500 shares of Common Stock in association with the two registered
direct offerings previously described. The underlying warrant agreement terms provide for net cash settlement outside the control of
the Company in the event of tender offers under certain circumstances. As such, the Company is required to treat these warrants as derivative
liabilities which are valued at their estimated fair value at their issuance date and at each reporting date with any subsequent changes
reported in the condensed consolidated statement of operations as the change in fair value of warrant derivative liabilities. The change
in fair value of the warrant derivative liabilities during year ended December 31, 2022 totaled 6,726,638, compared to 36,664,907
for the year ended December 31, 2021, which was recognized as a gain on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

27 

Change
in Fair Value of Contingent Consideration Promissory Notes and Earn-Out Agreements 

During the year ended December
31, 2021, the Company issued a contingent consideration earn-out agreement in connection with the Stock Purchase Agreement between TicketSmarter,
Inc., Goody Tickets, LLC and TicketSmarter of 3,700,000. Management determined that the actual Measurement Period EBITDA generated by
TicketSmarter was less than 70 of the Projected EBITDA threshold provided in such an agreement. Therefore, no TicketSmarter earn-out
payments were due under such agreement. Therefore, the fair value of the contingent consideration earn-out agreement was reduced to zero,
and the resulting gain of 3,700,000 was reported in our Consolidated Statements of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2021. There
was no gain recorded for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

On June 30, 2021, Nobility Healthcare, a subsidiary of the Company, issued a contingent consideration promissory
note (the June Contingent Note in connection with a stock purchase agreement between Nobility Healthcare and a private
company (the June Seller of 350,000. Principal payments, since its
inception, on this contingent consideration promissory note totaled 113,617. The estimated fair value of the note at December 31,
2022 is 176,456, representing a decrease in its estimated fair value of 27,139 as compared to its estimated fair value as of
December 31, 2021. Therefore, the Company recorded a gain of 27,139 and 32,789 in the Consolidated Statements of Operations for
the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

On
August 31, 2021, Nobility Healthcare, issued another contingent consideration promissory note (the August Contingent Payment Note in connection with a stock purchase agreement between Nobility Healthcare and a private company (the August Sellers of
 650,000. Principal payments, since its inception, on this contingent consideration promissory note totaled 292,953. The estimated fair
value of the August Contingent Note at December 31, 2022 is 388,954, representing an increase in its estimated fair value of 31,907
as compared to is estimated fair value as of December 31, 2021. Therefore, the Company recorded a loss of 31,907 and -0- in the Consolidated
Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

On
January 1, 2022, Nobility Healthcare issued another contingent consideration promissory note (the January Contingent Payment Note in connection with a stock purchase agreement between Nobility Healthcare and a private company (the January Sellers of
 750,000. Principal payments, since its inception, on this contingent consideration promissory note totaled 120,833. The estimated fair
value of the January Contingent Note at December 31, 2022 is 208,083, representing a decrease in its estimated fair value of 421,085
as compared to its estimated fair value as of the inception date. Therefore, the Company recorded a gain of 421,085 and -0- in the
Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

On
February 1, 2022, Nobility Healthcare issued another contingent consideration promissory note (the February Contingent Payment
Note in connection with an asset purchase agreement between Nobility Healthcare and a private company (the February Sellers of 105,000. The estimated fair value of the February Contingent Note at December 31, 2022 is 4,346, representing a decrease in its
estimated fair value of 100,654 as compared to its estimated fair value as of the inception date. Therefore, the Company recorded a
gain of 100,654 and -0- in the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

Gain on Extinguishment of Debt 

We recognized a gain on extinguishment
of debt totaling -0- and 10,000 during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. During the year ended December 31,
2021 the Company was notified that its 10,000 EIDL advance received with the Payroll Protection Program (the PPP Loan
was fully forgiven, thus included in Gain on Extinguishment of Debt in our Consolidated Statements of Operations for the
year ended December 31, 2021, and further resulting in -0- for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Gain on Extinguishment of Warrant Derivative Liabilities 

We recognized a gain on the extinguishment
of warrant derivative liabilities of 3,624,794 and -0- during the year ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively.
This is in connection with the Warrant Exchange Agreements executed by the Company on August 23, 2022. 

Income/(Loss) before Income Tax Benefit 

As a result of the above, we reported
a net income/(loss) before income tax benefit of 18,873,758) and 25,530,961 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively,
a decline of 44,404,719 (174 ). 

Income
Tax Benefit 

We
recorded an income tax benefit of -0- for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The effective tax rate for both
2022 and 2021 varied from the expected statutory rate due to our continuing to provide a 100 valuation allowance on net deferred tax
assets. We determined that it was appropriate to continue the full valuation allowance on net deferred tax assets as of December 31,
2022 and 2021 primarily because of the recurring operating losses. 

We
have further determined to continue providing a full valuation reserve on our net deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2022. During
2022, we decreased our valuation reserve on deferred tax assets by 17,220,000 whereby our deferred tax assets continue to be fully reserved
due to our recent operating losses. 

We
had approximately 113,315,000 of federal net operating loss carryforwards and 1,795,000 of research and development tax credit carryforwards
as of December 31, 2022 available to offset future net taxable income. 

Net
Income/(Loss) 

As a result of the above, we reported
a net income/(loss) of 18,873,758) and 25,530,961 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, a decline of 44,404,719
(174 ). 

Net
Income Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests of Consolidated Subsidiary 

The
Company owns a 51 equity interest in its consolidated subsidiary, Nobility Healthcare. As a result, the noncontrolling shareholders
or minority interest is allocated 49 of the income/loss of Nobility Healthcare which is reflected in the statement of income (loss)
as net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests of consolidated subsidiary . We reported net income (loss)
attributable to noncontrolling interests of consolidated subsidiary of 407,933 and 56,453 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021, respectively. 

28 

Loss on Redemption Series A B
Convertible Redeemable Preferred Stock 

During the year ended
December 31, 2022, the Company redeemed 1,400,000 shares of Series A 100,000 shares of Series B Preferred Stock, for
a redemption price of 15,750,000, with a 13,365,000 carrying amount, resulting in a 2,385,000 loss on redemption. 

Net Income/(Loss) Attributable to Common Stockholders 

As a result of the above, we reported a net income/(loss) of 21,666,691)
and 25,474,508 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, a decline of 47,141,199 (185 ). 

Basic
and Diluted Income/(Loss) per Share 

The basic and diluted income/(loss)
per share was 8.50) and 10.14 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, for the reasons previously noted. All outstanding
stock options and common stock purchase warrants were considered antidilutive and therefore excluded from the calculation of diluted loss
per share for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 because all potentially dilutive securities during 2022 had exercise prices in
excess of the market value of the company s common stock and because of the net loss reported for 2022. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Overall: 

Management s
Liquidity Plan - We have experienced net losses and cash outflows from operating activities since inception. Based upon our
current operating forecast, we anticipate that we will need to restore positive operating cash flows and/or raise additional capital
in the short-term to fund operations, meet our customary payment obligations and otherwise execute our business plan over the next 12
months. We are continuously in discussions to raise additional capital, which may include a variety of equity and debt instruments; however,
there can be no assurance that our capital raising initiatives will be successful. Our recurring losses and level of cash used in operations,
along with uncertainties concerning our ability to raise additional capital, raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as
a going concern. 

Our
Common Stock is currently listed on The Nasdaq Capital Market. In order to maintain our listing, we must satisfy minimum financial and
other continued listing requirements and standards, including those regarding director independence and independent committee requirements,
minimum stockholders equity, minimum share price, and certain corporate governance requirements. There can be no assurances that
we will be able to comply with the applicable listing standards. See Nasdaq Listing below. 

We had 3,532,199 of available cash and equivalents and net working capital
of 11,447,313 as of December 31, 2022. Net working capital as of December 31, 2022, included approximately 6.1 million of accounts receivable
and other receivables and 6.8 million of current inventory. 

Cash,
cash equivalents: As of December 31, 2022, we had cash and cash equivalents with an aggregate
balance of 3,532,199, a decrease from a balance of 32,007,792 for the year December 31, 2021. Summarized immediately below and discussed
in more detail in the subsequent subsections are the main elements of the 28,475,593 net decrease in cash during the year ended December
31, 2022: 

Operating activities : 
 
 18,580,385 of net cash used in operating activities.
 Net cash used in operating activities was 18,580,385 and 17,825,108 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively,
 a deterioration of 755,277. The deterioration is attributable to the net loss incurred for 2022, the non-cash gain attributable
 to the change in value of the warrant derivative liability, increased accounts receivable and other assets during the year ended
 December 31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021. 

Investing activities : 
 
 2,940,591 of net cash used in investing activities. Cash used
 in investing activities was 2,940,591 and 19,124,379 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 respectively. In 2022, we
 incurred costs for the purchase of an aircraft for our BirdVu Jets subsidiary, further building improvements, the closing of one
 business acquisition and one asset acquisition. In 2021 we incurred costs for: (i) the purchase of an office and warehouse building;
 (ii) the build out of the new leased office and warehouse space; (iii) the tooling of new products; (iv) patent applications on our
 proprietary technology utilized in our new products and included in intangible assets; and (v) the closing of three acquisitions
 during the year ended December 31, 2021, compared to only two, smaller acquisitions during the year ended December 31,
 2022. 

29 

Financing activities: 
 
 6,954,617 of
 net cash used in financing activities. Cash used in financing activities was 6,954,617 for the year ended December 31, 2022,
 compared to cash provided by financing activities of 64,595,521 for the year ended December 31, 2021. In 2022, we utilized over
 4.0 million on the stock repurchase program, 2.4 million for completion of the preferred stock transaction, as well as over 0.5
 million on payments of contingent consideration promissory notes related to the revenue cycle management segment. In 2021, we closed
 two underwritten public offerings of our Common Stock, which generated 66.6 million of cash and repurchased and cancelled shares of
 common stock of approximately 1.98 million. 

The net result of these activities was a decrease in cash of 28,475,593
to 3,532,199 for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Commitments: 

We had 3,532,199 of cash and
cash equivalents and net positive working capital 11,447,313 as of December 31, 2022. Accounts receivable and other receivable balances
represented 6,120,578 of our net working capital as of December 31, 2022. We intend to collect our outstanding receivables on a timely
basis and reduce the overall level during 2023, which would help to provide positive cash flow to support our operations during 2023.
Inventory represented 6,839,406 of our net working capital as of December 31, 2022. We are actively managing the level of inventory and
our goal is to reduce such level during 2023 by our sales activities, the increase of which should provide additional cash flow to help
support our operations during 2023. 

Capital Expenditures .
On December 6, 2021, the Board authorized the repurchase of up to 10.0 million of the Company s outstanding common stock under
the specified terms of a share repurchase program (the Program ). During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company repurchased
186,299 shares of its common stock for 4,026,523, in accordance with the Program. 

On June 30, 2022, the Board elected
to terminate the Program, effective immediately. The Program began in December 2021, with the Company purchasing a total of 273,041
shares at a cost of 6,001,602 through its termination on June 30, 2022. 

The
Company s revenue cycle management segment completed its third medical billing company acquisition using approximately 1.2 in
cash for the portion of the purchase price during 2022. The acquisition of the medical billing company included a contingent consideration
promissory note payable to the sellers of 750,000 at closing, which management estimated its fair value of 208,083 as of December 31,
2022. 

In
addition, the Company s revenue cycle management segment completed its fourth medical billing asset acquisition using approximately
 230,000 in cash for a portion of the total purchase price. The acquisition of the fourth medical billing asset purchase price included
a contingent consideration promissory note payable to the sellers with an estimated fair value of 105,000 at closing which management
estimated its fair value of 4,346 as of December 31, 2022. 

30 

Lease
commitments. On May 13, 2020, the Company entered into an operating lease for new warehouse and office space, which served
as its new principal executive office and primary business location prior to the April 30 purchase and sale agreement. The original
lease agreement was amended on August 28, 2020 to correct the footage under lease and monthly payment amounts resulting from such
correction. The lease terms, as amended include no base rent for the first nine months and monthly payments ranging from 12,398 to
 14,741 thereafter, with a termination date of December 31, 2026. The Company is responsible for property taxes, utilities, insurance
and its proportionate share of common area costs related to its new location. The Company took possession of the leased facilities
on June 15, 2020. The remaining lease term for the Company s office and warehouse operating lease as of December 31, 2022 was
forty-eight months. 

The
Company entered into an operating lease with a third party in October 2019 for copiers used for office and warehouse purposes. The terms
of the lease include 48 monthly payments of 1,598 with a maturity date of October 2023. The Company has the option to purchase such
equipment at maturity for its estimated fair market value at that point in time. The remaining lease term for the Company s copier
operating lease as of December 31, 2022 was ten months. 

On
June 30, 2021, the Company completed the acquisition of its first medical billing company, through Nobility Healthcare. Upon completion
of this acquisition, Nobility Healthcare became responsible for the operating lease for the seller s office space. The lease terms
include monthly payments ranging from 2,648 to 2,774 thereafter, with a termination date in July 2024. The Company is responsible for
property taxes, utilities, insurance and its proportionate share of common area costs related to this location. The remaining lease term
for the Company s office and warehouse operating lease as of December 31, 2022 was nineteen months. 

On
August 31, 2021, the Company completed the acquisition of its second acquired medical billing company, through Nobility Healthcare. Upon
completion of this acquisition, Nobility Healthcare became responsible for the operating lease for the seller s office space. The
lease terms include monthly payments ranging from 11,579 to 11,811 thereafter, with a termination date in March 2023. The Company is
responsible for property taxes, utilities, insurance and its proportionate share of common area costs related to this location. The Company
took possession of the leased facilities on September 1, 2021. The remaining lease term for the Company s office and warehouse
operating lease as of December 31, 2022 was three months. The Company plans to relocate the revenue cycle management operating segment acquired operations to existing owned
or leased facilities upon termination of this operating lease. 

On
September 1, 2021, the Company completed the acquisition of Goody Tickets, LLC and TicketSmarter, LLC through TicketSmarter. Upon
completion of this acquisition, the Company became responsible for the operating lease for TicketSmarter s office space. The
lease terms include monthly payments ranging from 7,211 to 7,364 thereafter, with a termination date of December 2022. The Company
is responsible for property taxes, utilities, insurance and its proportionate share of common area costs related to this location.
The Company took possession of the leased facilities on September 1, 2021. The Company signed a six month extension for the lease,
extending the remaining lease term for the Company s office and the remaining lease term for the Company s warehouse
operating lease as of December 31, 2022 was six months. 

On
January 1, 2022, the Company completed the acquisition of a private medical billing company, through its revenue cycle management segment.
Upon completion of this acquisition, the Company became responsible for the operating lease for the seller s office space. The
lease terms include monthly payments ranging from 4,233 to 4,626, with a termination date of June 2025. The Company is responsible
for property taxes, utilities, insurance and its proportionate share of common area costs related to this location. The Company took
possession of the leased facilities on January 1, 2022. The remaining lease term for the Company s office and warehouse operating
lease as of December 31, 2022, was thirty months. 

Lease
expense related to the office spaces and copier operating leases was recorded on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Total lease
expense under the five operating leases was approximately 547,609 for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

The
weighted-average remaining lease term related to the Company s lease liabilities as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021
was 3.3 years and 3.8 years, respectively. 

31 

The
discount rate implicit within the Company s operating leases was not generally determinable, and therefore, the Company determined
the discount rate based on its incremental borrowing rate on the information available at commencement date. As of commencement date,
the operating lease liabilities reflect a weighted average discount rate of 8 . 

The
following sets forth the operating lease right of use assets and liabilities as of December 31, 2022: 

Assets: 

Operating lease right of use assets 
 782,129 

Liabilities: 

Operating lease obligations-current portion 
 294,617 
 
 Operating lease obligations-less current portion 
 555,707 
 
 Total operating lease obligations 
 850,324 

Following
are the minimum lease payments for each year and in total. 

Year ending December 31: 

2023 
 349,811 
 
 2024 
 245,761 
 
 2025 
 196,462 
 
 2026 
 175,113 
 
 Total undiscounted minimum future lease payments 
 967,147 
 
 Imputed interest 
 (116,823 
 
 Total operating lease liability 
 850,324 

Litigation. 

From
time to time, we are notified that we may be a party to a lawsuit or that a claim is being made against us. It is our policy to not disclose
the specifics of any claim or threatened lawsuit until the summons and complaint are actually served on us. After carefully assessing
the claim, and assuming we determine that we are not at fault or we disagree with the damages or relief demanded, we vigorously defend
any lawsuit filed against us. We record a liability when losses are deemed probable and reasonably estimable. When losses are deemed
reasonably possible but not probable, we determine whether it is possible to provide an estimate of the amount of the loss or range of
possible losses for the claim, if material for disclosure. In evaluating matters for accrual and disclosure purposes, we take into consideration
factors such as our historical experience with matters of a similar nature, the specific facts and circumstances asserted, the likelihood
of our prevailing, the availability of insurance, and the severity of any potential loss. We re-evaluate and update accruals as matters
progress over time. 

While
the ultimate resolution is unknown, we do not expect that these lawsuits will individually, or in the aggregate, have a material adverse
effect to our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. However, the outcome of any litigation is inherently uncertain
and there can be no assurance that any expense, liability or damages that may ultimately result from the resolution of these matters
will be covered by our insurance or will not be in excess of amounts recognized or provided by insurance coverage and will not have a
material adverse effect on our operating results, financial condition or cash flows. See Item 3, Legal Proceedings, of
this Annual Report on Form 10-K for information on our litigation. 

401
(k) Plan. The Company sponsors a 401(k) retirement savings plan for the benefit of its employees. The plan, as amended, requires
the Company to provide 100 matching contributions for employees, who elect to contribute up to 3 of their compensation to the plan
and 50 matching contributions for employee s elective deferrals on the next 2 of their contributions. The Company made matching
contributions totaling 223,084 and 127,293 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Each participant is 100 vested
at all times in employee and employer matching contributions. 

32 

Critical
Accounting Estimates 

Our
significant accounting policies are summarized in Note 1, Nature of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , 
to our consolidated financial statements. While the selection and application of any accounting policy may involve some level of subjective
judgments and estimates, we believe the following accounting policies are the most critical to our financial statements, potentially
involve the most subjective judgments in their selection and application, and are the most susceptible to uncertainties and changing
conditions: 

Revenue
 Recognition / Allowance for Doubtful Accounts; 

Allowance
 for Excess and Obsolete Inventory; 

Goodwill
 and other intangible assets; 

Warranty
 Reserves; 

Stock-based
 Compensation Expense; 

Fair
 value of warrants; 

Fair
 value of assets and liabilities acquired in business combinations; 

Accounting
 for Income Taxes; and 

Redeemable Preferred Stock. 

Revenue
Recognition / Allowances for Doubtful Accounts. Revenue is recognized for the shipment of products or delivery of service when
all five of the following conditions are met: 

(i) 
 Identify
 the contract with the customer; 

(ii) 
 Identify
 the performance obligations in the contract; 

(iii) 
 Determine
 the transaction price; 

(iv) 
 Allocate
 the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and 

(v) 
 Recognize
 revenue when a performance obligation is satisfied. 

We
consider the terms and conditions of the contract and our customary business practices in identifying our contracts under ASC 606. We
determine we have a contract when the customer order is approved, we can identify each party s rights regarding the services to
be transferred, we can identify the payment terms for the services, we have determined the customer has the ability and intent to pay
and the contract has commercial substance. At contract inception we evaluate whether the contract includes more than one performance
obligation. We apply judgment in determining the customer s ability and intent to pay, which is based on a variety of factors,
including the customer s historical payment experience or, in the case of a new customer, credit and financial information pertaining
to the customer. 

Performance
obligations promised in a contract are identified based on the services and the products that will be transferred to the customer that
are both capable of being distinct, whereby the customer can benefit from the service either on its own or together with other resources
that are readily available from third parties or from us, and are distinct in the context of the contract, whereby the transfer of the
services and the products is separately identifiable from other promises in the contract. Our performance obligations consist of (i)
products, (ii) professional services, and (iii) extended warranties. 

The
transaction price is determined based on the consideration to which we expect to be entitled in exchange for transferring services to
the customer. Variable consideration is included in the transaction price if, in our judgment, it is probable that a significant future
reversal of cumulative revenue under the contract will not occur. None of our contracts contain a significant financing component. 

33 

If
the contract contains a single performance obligation, the entire transaction price is allocated to the single performance obligation.
Contracts that contain multiple performance obligations require an allocation of the transaction price to each performance obligation
based on the relative standalone selling price SSP ). 

Revenue
for our video solutions segment is recognized at the time the related performance obligation is satisfied by transferring the control
of the promised service to a customer. Revenue is recognized when control of the service is transferred to the customer, in an amount
that reflects the consideration that we expect to receive in exchange for our services. We generate all our revenue from contracts with
customers. 

Revenue
for our revenue cycle management segment is recorded on a net basis, as its primary source of revenue is its end-to-end service fees.
These service fees are reported as revenue monthly upon completion of our performance obligation to provide the agreed upon services. 

Revenue
for our entertainment segment is recorded on a gross or net basis based on management s assessment of whether we are acting as
a principal or agent in the transaction. The determination is based upon the evaluation of control over the event ticket, including the
right to sell the ticket, prior to its transfer to the ticket buyer. 

We
sell our tickets held in inventory, which consists of one performance obligation, being to transfer control of an event ticket to the
buyer upon confirmation of the order. We act as the principal in these transactions as we own the ticket at the time of sale, therefore
we control the ticket prior to transferring to the customer. In these transactions, revenue is recorded on a gross basis based on the
value of the ticket and is recognized when an order is confirmed. Payment is typically due upon delivery of the ticket. 

We
also act as an intermediary between buyers and sellers through the online secondary marketplace. Revenues derived from this marketplace
primarily consist of service fees from entertainment operations, and consists of one primary performance obligation, which is facilitating
the transaction between the buyer and seller, being satisfied at the time the order has been confirmed. As we do not control the ticket
prior to the transfer, we act as an agent in these transactions. Revenue is recognized on a net basis, net of the amount due to the seller
when an order is confirmed, the seller is then obligated to deliver the tickets to the buyer per the seller s listing. Payment
is due at the time of sale. 

We
review all significant, unusual, or nonstandard shipments of products or delivery of services as a routine part of our accounting and
financial reporting process to determine compliance with these requirements. Extended warranties are offered on selected products, and
when a customer purchases an extended warranty, the associated proceeds are treated as contract liability and recognized over the term
of the extended warranty. 

For
our video solutions segment, our principal customers are state, local, and federal law enforcement agencies, which historically have
been low risks for uncollectible accounts. However, we have commercial customers and international distributors that present a
greater risk for uncollectible accounts than such law enforcement customers and we consider a specific reserve for bad debts based
on their individual circumstances. As of December 31, 2022, our historical bad debts have been negligible, with less than 286,000
charged off as uncollectible on cumulative revenues of 256.3 million since we commenced deliveries in 2006. 

For
our entertainment segment, our customers are mainly online visitors that pay at the time of the transaction, and we collect the service
fees charged with the transaction. Thus, leading to minimal risk for uncollectible accounts, to which we then consider a specific reserve
for bad debts based on their individual circumstances. As we continue to learn more about the collectability related to this recent acquisition,
we will track historical bad debts and continue to assess appropriate reserves. 

For
our revenue cycle management segment, our customers are mainly medium to large healthcare organizations that are charged monthly upon
the execution of our services. Being these customers are healthcare organizations with minimal risk for uncollectible accounts, we consider
a specific reserve for bad debts based on their individual circumstances. As we continue to learn more about the collectability related
to this recently added segment, we will track historical bad debts and continue to assess appropriate reserves. 

34 

As of December 31, 2022, and 2021,
we had provided a reserve for doubtful accounts of 152,736 and 113,234, respectively. 

We
periodically perform a specific review of significant individual receivables outstanding for risk of loss due to uncollectability. Based
on such review, we consider our reserve for doubtful accounts to be adequate as of December 31, 2022. However, should the balance due
from any significant customer ultimately become uncollectible then our allowance for bad debts will not be sufficient to cover the charge-off
and we will be required to record additional bad debt expense in our statement of operations. 

Allowance
for Excess and Obsolete Inventory. We record valuation reserves on our inventory for estimated excess or obsolete inventory items.
The amount of the reserve is equal to the difference between the cost of the inventory and the estimated market value based upon assumptions
about future demand and market conditions. On a quarterly basis, management performs an analysis of the underlying inventory to identify
reserves needed for excess and obsolescence. Management uses its best judgment to estimate appropriate reserves based on this analysis.
In addition, we adjust the carrying value of inventory if the current market value of that inventory is below its cost. 

Inventories
consisted of the following as of December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Raw material and component parts 
 4,509,165 
 3,062,046 
 
 Work-in-process 
 3,164 

Finished goods video solutions 
 6,846,091 
 8,410,307 
 
 Finished goods entertainment 
 970,527 
 2,102,272 
 
 Subtotal 
 12,328,947 
 13,574,625 
 
 Reserve for excess and obsolete inventory video solutions 
 (5,230,261 
 (3,353,458 
 
 Reserve for excess and obsolete inventory entertainment 
 (259,280 
 (561,631 
 
 Total inventories 
 6,839,406 
 9,659,536 

We
balance the need to maintain strategic inventory levels to ensure competitive delivery performance to our customers against the risk
of inventory obsolescence due to changing technology and customer requirements. As reflected above, our inventory reserves represented
44.5 of the gross inventory balance as of December 31, 2022, compared to 28.8 of the gross inventory balance as of December 31, 2021.
We had 5,489,541 and 3,915,089 in reserves for obsolete and excess inventories as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Total
raw materials and component parts were 4,506,709 and 3,062,046 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, an increase of 1,444,663
(47 ). Finished goods balances were 7,816,618 and 10,512,579 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, a decrease of 2,695,961
(26 ). The decrease in finished goods was primarily attributable to declining inventory for the new Shield product line, our new body-worn
cameras and docking stations, along with a decline in inventory from our entertainment segment, acquired in September 2021. The increase
in the inventory reserve is primarily due to inventory obsolescence for the level of component parts of the older versions of our printed
circuit boards and the phase out of our DVM-750, DVM-500 Plus, LaserAlly legacy products, ThermoVu products, and personal protective
equipment. Additionally, the Company determined a reasonable reserve for inventory held at the ticket operating segment, in which some
inventory items sell below cost or go unsold, thus having to be fully written-off following the event date. We believe the reserves are
appropriate given our inventory levels as of December 31, 2022. 

If
actual future demand or market conditions are less favorable than those projected by management or significant engineering changes to
our products that are not anticipated and appropriately managed, additional inventory write-downs may be required in excess of the inventory
reserves already established. 

35 

Goodwill
and other intangible assets. When we acquire a business, we determine the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed
on the date of acquisition, which may include a significant amount of intangible assets such as customer relationships, software and
content, as well as goodwill. When determining the fair values of the acquired intangible assets, we consider, among other factors, analyses
of historical financial performance and an estimate of the future performance of the acquired business. The fair values of the acquired
intangible assets are primarily calculated using an income approach that relies on discounted cash flows. This method starts with a forecast
of the expected future net cash flows for the asset and then adjusts the forecast to present value by applying a discount rate that reflects
the risk factors associated with the cash flow streams. We consider this approach to be the most appropriate valuation technique because
the inherent value of an acquired intangible asset is its ability to generate future income. In a typical acquisition, we engage a third-party
valuation expert to assist us with the fair value analyses for acquired intangible assets. 

Determining
the fair values of acquired intangible assets requires us to exercise significant judgment. We select reasonable estimates and assumptions
based on evaluating a number of factors, including, but not limited to, marketplace participants, consumer awareness and brand history.
Additionally, there are significant judgments inherent in discounted cash flows such as estimating the amount and timing of projected
future cash flows, the selection of discount rates, hypothetical royalty rates and contributory asset capital charges. Specifically,
the selected discount rates are intended to reflect the risk inherent in the projected future cash flows generated by the underlying
acquired intangible assets. 

Determining
an acquired intangible asset s useful life also requires significant judgment and is based on evaluating a number of factors, including,
but not limited to, the expected use of the asset, historical client retention rates, consumer awareness and trade name history, as well
as any contractual provisions that could limit or extend an asset s useful life. 

The
Company s goodwill is evaluated in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 350, which requires goodwill to be assessed for impairment at
least annually and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of goodwill may not be recoverable. In
addition, an impairment evaluation of our amortizable intangible assets may also be performed if events or circumstances indicate potential
impairment. Among the factors that could trigger an impairment review are current operating results that do not align with our annual
plan or historical performance; changes in our strategic plans or the use of our assets; restructuring charges or other changes in our
business segments; competitive pressures and changes in the general economy or in the markets in which we operate; and a significant
decline in our stock price and our market capitalization relative to our net book value. 

When
performing our annual assessment of the recoverability of goodwill, we initially perform a qualitative analysis evaluating whether any
events or circumstances occurred or exist that provide evidence that it is more likely than not that the fair value of any of our reporting
units is less than the related carrying amount. If we do not believe that it is more likely than not that the fair value of any of our
reporting units is less than the related carrying amount, then no quantitative impairment test is performed. However, if the results
of our qualitative assessment indicate that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its respective
carrying amount, then we perform a two-step quantitative impairment test. 

Evaluating
the recoverability of goodwill requires judgments and assumptions regarding future trends and events. As a result, both the precision
and reliability of our estimates are subject to uncertainty. Among the factors that we consider in our qualitative assessment are general
economic conditions and the competitive environment; actual and projected reporting unit financial performance; forward-looking business
measurements; and external market assessments. To determine the fair values of our reporting units for a quantitative analysis, we typically
utilize detailed financial projections, which include significant variables, such as projected rates of revenue growth, profitability
and cash flows, as well as assumptions regarding discount rates, the Company s weighted average cost of capital and other data. 

Our
most recent annual impairment test of goodwill conducted as of December 31, 2022, indicated no impairment.
Subsequent to completing our 2022 annual impairment test, no events or changes in circumstances were noted that required an interim goodwill
impairment test. Note 1 Nature of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Note 8 Goodwill and Other
Intangible Assets in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements provide additional information regarding the Company s goodwill
and other intangible assets. 

36 

Warranty
Reserves. We generally provide up to a two-year parts and labor standard warranty on our products to our customers. Provisions
for estimated expenses related to product warranties are made at the time products are sold. These estimates are established using historical
information on the nature, frequency, and average cost of claims. We actively study trends of claims and take action to improve product
quality and minimize claims. Our warranty reserves were increased to 15,694 as of December 31, 2022 compared to 13,742 as of December
31, 2021 as we begin to slow our warranty exposures through the roll-off of DVM-750 and DVM-800 units from warranty coverage. Standard
warranty exposure on the DVM-800 and DVM-250plus are the responsibility of the contract manufacturers, which reduced our overall warranty
exposure as these are very popular products in our line. There is a risk that we will have higher warranty claim frequency rates and
average cost of claims than our history has indicated on our legacy mirror products on our new products for which we have limited experience.
Actual experience could differ from the amounts estimated requiring adjustments to these liabilities in future periods. 

Stock-based
Compensation Expense . We grant stock options to our employees and directors and such benefits provided are share-based payment
awards which require us to make significant estimates related to determining the value of our share-based compensation. Our expected
stock-price volatility assumption is based on historical volatilities of the underlying stock that are obtained from public data sources
and there were 1,250 stock options granted during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

If
factors change and we develop different assumptions in future periods, the compensation expense that we record in the future may differ
significantly from what we have recorded in the current period. There is a high degree of subjectivity involved when using option pricing
models to estimate share-based compensation. Changes in the subjective input assumptions can materially affect our estimates of the fair
value of our share-based compensation. Certain share-based payment awards, such as employee stock options, may expire worthlessly or
otherwise result in zero intrinsic value compared to the fair values originally estimated on the grant date and reported in our financial
statements. Alternatively, values may be realized from these instruments that are significantly in excess of the fair values originally
estimated on the grant date and reported in our financial statements. Although the fair value of employee share-based awards is determined
using an established option pricing model, that value may not be indicative of the fair value observed in a willing buyer/willing seller
market transaction. In addition, we account for forfeitures as they occur. 

Accounting
for Income Taxes. Accounting for income taxes requires significant estimates and judgments on the part of management. Such estimates
and judgments include, but are not limited to, the effective tax rate anticipated to apply to tax differences that are expected to reverse
in the future, the sufficiency of taxable income in future periods to realize the benefits of net deferred tax assets and net operating
losses currently recorded and the likelihood that tax positions taken in tax returns will be sustained on audit. 

As
required by authoritative guidance, we record deferred tax assets or liabilities based on differences between financial reporting and
tax bases of assets and liabilities using currently enacted rates that will be in effect when the differences are expected to reverse.
Authoritative guidance also requires that deferred tax assets be reduced by a valuation allowance if it is more likely than not that
all or some portion of the deferred tax asset will not be realized. As of December 31, 2022, cumulative valuation allowances in the amount
of 34,200,000 were recorded in connection with the net deferred income tax assets. Based on a review of our deferred tax assets and
recent operating performance, we determined that our valuation allowance should be increased by 17,220,000 to a balance of 34,200,000
to fully reserve our deferred tax assets at December 31, 2022. We determined that it was appropriate to continue to provide a full valuation
reserve on our net deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2022, because of the overall net operating loss carryforwards available. We
expect to continue to maintain a full valuation allowance until we determine that we can sustain a level of profitability that demonstrates
our ability to realize these assets. To the extent we determine that the realization of some or all of these benefits is more likely
than not based upon expected future taxable income, a portion or all of the valuation allowance will be reversed. Such a reversal would
be recorded as an income tax benefit and, for some portion related to deductions for stock option exercises, an increase in shareholders 
equity. 

As
required by authoritative guidance, we have performed a comprehensive review of our portfolio of uncertain tax positions in accordance
with recognition standards established by the FASB, an uncertain tax position represents our expected treatment of a tax position taken
in a filed tax return or planned to be taken in a future tax return, that has not been reflected in measuring income tax expense for
financial reporting purposes. We have no recorded liability as of December 31, 2022, representing uncertain tax positions. 

37 

We
have generated substantial deferred income tax assets related to our operations primarily from the charge to compensation expense taken
for stock options, certain tax credit carryforwards and net operating loss carryforwards. For us to realize the income tax benefit of
these assets, we must generate sufficient taxable income in future periods when such deductions are allowed for income tax purposes.
In some cases where deferred taxes were the result of compensation expense recognized on stock options, our ability to realize the income
tax benefit of these assets is also dependent on our share price increasing to a point where these options have intrinsic value at least
equal to the grant date fair value and are exercised. In assessing whether a valuation allowance is needed in connection with our deferred
income tax assets, we have evaluated our ability to generate sufficient taxable income in future periods to utilize the benefit of the
deferred income tax assets. We continue to evaluate our ability to use recorded deferred income tax asset balances. If we fail to generate
taxable income for financial reporting in future years, no additional tax benefit would be recognized for those losses, since we will
not have accumulated enough positive evidence to support our ability to utilize net operating loss carryforwards in the future. Therefore,
we may be required to increase our valuation allowance in future periods should our assumptions regarding the generation of future taxable
income not be realized. 

Redeemable Preferred Stock.
 Preferred stock may be classified as a liability, temporary
equity (i.e., mezzanine equity) or permanent equity. In order to determine the appropriate classification, an evaluation of the cash redemption
features is required. Where there exists an absolute right of redemption presently or in the future, the preferred stock would be
classified as a liability. If redemption is contingently redeemable upon the occurrence of an event that is outside of the issuer s
control, it should be classified as mezzanine equity. The probability that the redemption event will occur is irrelevant. If no redemption
features exist, or if a contingent redemption feature is within the Company s control, the preferred stock would be considered equity. 

Inflation
and Seasonality 

Inflation
has not materially affected us during the past fiscal year; however, we believe that it is likely to have significant impact to all of
our operating segments in 2023 and beyond. We do not believe that our business is seasonal in nature; however, we generally generate
higher revenues during the second half of the calendar year compared to the first half. 

Item
 7a. 
 Quantitative
 and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 

Not
applicable. 

Item
 8. 
 Financial
 Statements and Supplementary Data. 

Our
financial statements are included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K commencing on page F-1. 

Item
 9. 
 Changes
 in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

None. 

Item
 9A. 
 Controls
 and Procedures. 

Conclusion
Regarding the Effectiveness of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including
our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation
of our disclosure controls and procedures to provide reasonable assurance of achieving the control objectives, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act. Based on their evaluation as of December 31, 2022, the end of the period covered by this Annual Report
on Form 10-K, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were
not effective as of December 31, 2022 due to the reasons described below. 

In connection with the audit of our consolidated financial statements as
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting related to the timely
detection of potential accounting misstatements. The company believes that the increase in acquisition activities resulted in a temporary
gap of accounting resources during the year ended December 31, 2022. To address these deficiencies, the Company will implement additional
procedures designed to accelerate the tempo of upwardly reporting subsidiaries and the visibility of receipt of reports by the parent
company to allow for ample opportunities for review procedures in the financial reporting process. 

38 

Management s
Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over
financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation
of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies
and procedures that: 

Pertain
 to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets;

Provide
 reasonable assurance that the transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance
 with generally accepted accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations
 of our management and directors; and 

Provide
 reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that
 could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

All
internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective
can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Because of its inherent limitations,
internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to
future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

The
SEC guidance allows companies to exclude acquisitions from management s report on internal control over financial reporting for
the first year after the acquisition. During 2022, the Company completed one business acquisition and one asset acquisition within the
revenue cycle management segment. Due to the timing of the transaction, management has excluded the transaction from our annual evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting. The preliminary total revenue of this acquisition represents less than 10 of our consolidated
revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

In
connection with the filing of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over
financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, our management used the criteria set forth by 2013 Internal
Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on our
assessment using the framework in 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework , management believes that, as of December
31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting is not effective. 

Material Weakness 

In connection with the audit of
our consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we identified a material weakness in our internal control over
financial reporting related to timely review and detection of potential accounting misstatements, which in the aggregate, constitute a
material weakness. 

Remediation Activities 

As part of our plan to remediate
this material weakness, we are performing a full review of our internal control procedures. We have implemented, and plan to continue
to implement, new controls and new processes. We have hired and plan to continue to hire additional qualified personnel and establish
more robust processes to support our internal control over financial reporting, including clearly defined roles and responsibilities.
The Company anticipates time being required to complete the implementation and to assess and ensure the sustainability of these controls.
The material weakness will not be considered remediated until the applicable controls operate for a sufficient period of time and management
has concluded, through testing, that these controls are operating effectively. 

Changes
in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

We
have completed the process of integrating our recent business acquisition, which was acquired at the beginning of 2022, into our
overall internal control over financial reporting process. Other than this integration, there have been no changes in our internal
control over financial reporting during the year ended December 31, 2022, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to
materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. We are continually monitoring and assessing our internal controls
to ensure the appropriate design and operating effectiveness. 

Item
 9B. 
 Other
 Information. 

None. 

Item
 9C. 
 Disclosure
 Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 

Not
applicable. 

39 

PART
III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors,
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

Directors 

The names of the members of our Board of Directors and certain information
about them as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K are set forth below: 

Name
 of Board of Director Member (4) 
 
 Positions 
 
 Age 
 
 Director 
 Since 
 
 Stanton
 E. Ross 
 
 Chairman,
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 61 
 
 2005 
 
 Leroy
 C. Richie (1)(2)(3) 
 
 Lead
 Independent Director, Chairman of the Nominating Committee and Compensation Committee and attorney 
 
 81 
 
 2005 
 
 Daniel
 F. Hutchins (1) 
 
 Independent
 Director; Chairman of Audit Committee 
 
 67 
 
 2007 
 
 Michael
 J. Caulfield (1)(2)(3) 
 
 Independent
 Director 
 
 67 
 
 2016 

(1) 
 Member
 of Audit Committee 

(2) 
 Member
 of Compensation Committee 

(3) 
 Member
 of Nominating Committee 

(4) 
 The
 address of each executive officer and director listed is 14001 Marshall Drive, Lenexa, Kansas 66215. 

The
Board has determined that Messrs. Richie, Hutchins, and Caulfield are independent directors, as defined by the rules and
listing standards of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq ). In making this determination, the Board considered the transactions
and relationships disclosed under Certain Relationships and Related Transactions below. 

Stanton
E. Ross has served as Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer CEO since September 2005. From March 1992
to June 2005, Mr. Ross was the Chairman and President of American Noble Gas Inc. (formerly known as Infinity Energy Resources, Inc.),
a publicly held oil and gas exploration and development company AMGAS and served as an officer and director of each of
AMGAS s subsidiaries. He resigned from all his positions with AMGAS in June 2005, except Chairman, but was reappointed President
in October 2006. From 1991 until March 1992, he founded and served as President of Midwest Financial, a financial services corporation
involved in mergers, acquisitions, and financing for corporations in the Midwest. From 1990 to 1991, Mr. Ross was employed by Duggan
Securities, Inc., an investment banking firm in Lenexa, Kansas, where he primarily worked in corporate finance. From 1989 to 1990, he
was employed by Stifel, Nicolaus Co., a member of the New York Stock Exchange, where he was an investment executive. From 1987
to 1989, Mr. Ross was self-employed as a business consultant. From 1985 to 1987, Mr. Ross was President and founder of Kansas Microwave,
Inc., which developed a radar detector product. From 1981 to 1985, he was employed by Birdview Satellite Communications, Inc., which
manufactured and marketed home satellite television systems, initially as a salesman and later as National Sales Manager. Mr. Ross estimates
he devoted most of his time to Digital Ally and the balance to AMGAS in 2020. In late 2007, AMGAS sold a substantial portion of its operating
assets and has not required a substantial amount of his time since such point. Mr. Ross holds no public company directorships other than
with the Company and AMGAS and has not held any others during the previous five years. The Company believes that Mr. Ross s broad
entrepreneurial, financial, and business expertise and his experience with micro-cap public companies and his role as President and Chief
Executive Officer give him the qualifications and skills to serve as a Director. 

40 

Leroy
C. Richie has been the Lead Independent Director of Digital Ally since September 2005. He is also the Chairman of the Compensation
Committee and Nominating Committee and a member of the Audit Committee. Since June 1, 1999, Mr. Richie has been a director of AMGAS.
Additionally, until 2017, Mr. Richie served as a member of the board of directors of Columbia Mutual Funds, (or mutual fund companies
acquired by or merged with Columbia Mutual Funds), a family of investment companies managed by Ameriprise Financial, Inc. From 2004 to
2015, he was of counsel to the Detroit law firm of Lewis Munday, P.C. From 2007 to 2014, Mr. Richie served as a member of the board
of directors of OGE Energy Corp. He holds no other public directorships and has not held any others during the previous five years. Until
2019, Mr. Richie served as the Vice-Chairman of the Board of Trustees and Chairman of the Compensation Committee for the Henry Ford Health
System, in Detroit. Mr. Richie was formerly Vice President of Chrysler Corporation and General Counsel for automotive legal affairs,
where he directed all legal affairs for its automotive operations from 1986 until his retirement in 1997. Before joining Chrysler, he
was an associate with the New York law firm of White Case (1973-1978) and served as director of the New York office of the Federal
Trade Commission (1978-1983). Mr. Richie received a B.A. from City College of New York, where he was valedictorian, and a J.D. from the
New York University School of Law, where he was awarded an Arthur Garfield Hays Civil Liberties Fellowship. The Company believes that
Mr. Richie s extensive experience as a lawyer and as an officer or director of public companies gives him the qualifications and
skills to serve as a Director. 

Daniel
F. Hutchins was elected a Director in December 2007. He serves as Chairman of the Audit Committee and is the Board s financial
expert. Mr. Hutchins, a Certified Public Accountant, was a Principal with the accounting firm of Hutchins Haake, LLC until his
retirement on July 1, 2021. Mr. Hutchins currently serves as a director and the Chief Financial Officer of AMGAS, of which Mr. Ross is
the Chairman and President. Mr. Hutchins has served as an instructor for the Becker CPA exam with the Keller Graduate School of Management
and has over 18 years of teaching experience preparing CPA candidates for the CPA exam. He has over 40 years of public accounting experience,
including five years with Deloitte Touche, LLP. He has served on the boards of various non-profit groups and is a member of the
American Institute of Certified Public Accountants. Mr. Hutchins earned his Bachelor of Business Administration degree in Accounting
at Washburn University in Topeka, Kansas. Mr. Hutchins holds no other public company directorships and has not held any others during
the previous five years. The Company believes that Mr. Hutchins significant experience in finance and accounting gives him the
qualifications and skills to serve as a Director. 

Michael
J. Caulfield was elected a Director in May 2016. He is a member of the Audit Committee, Compensation Committee and Nominating
Committee. He served as Vice President Strategic Development of the Company from June 1, 2009 to January 11, 2012. Mr. Caulfield
was most recently (2012-2016) a Vice-Chairman at Teneo Holdings, LLC, a global advisory firm where he was responsible for the firm s
investment banking relationships with a broad range of industrial companies. From 2006 to 2009, Mr. Caulfield served as a Managing Director
at Banc of America Securities BAS ), where he was responsible for the merger, acquisition, divestiture and restructuring
advisory services for a number of large public and private companies. He was also in charge of BAS s global investment banking
activities involving the Safety, Security, Engineering and Construction Industries. Prior to joining BAS, Mr. Caulfield spent six years
(2000-2006) as a Managing Director with Morgan Stanley in New York City, leading that global investment banking firm s efforts
in the Aerospace and Defense Industries. He was also responsible for the investment banking relationships with a number of Morgan Stanley s
largest clients. From 1989 to 2000, he worked at General Electric Capital Corp., where he served as a Managing Director and head of the
Corporate Finance Group. In this capacity, he advised GE Capital and the industrial divisions of General Electric on such issues as capital
structuring, mergers and acquisitions, and private equity transactions. Mr. Caulfield received an MBA from the Wharton School of the
University of Pennsylvania and a B.S. Degree from the University of Minnesota. The Company believes that Mr. Caulfield s significant
experience in investment banking and the public market gives him the qualifications and skills to serve as a Director. 

Our
Directors are elected annually and hold office until the next annual meeting of our stockholders or until their successors are elected
and qualified. Officers are elected annually and serve at the discretion of the Board of Directors. There is no family relationship between
any of our directors, director nominees and executive officers. Board vacancies are filled by a majority vote of the Board. 

41 

Board
of Directors and Committee Meetings 

Our
Board of Directors held four meetings and acted a number of times by unanimous consent resolutions during the fiscal year ended December
31, 2022. Each of our directors attended at least 75 of the meetings of the Board of Directors and the committees on which he served
in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. Our directors are expected, absent exceptional circumstances, to attend all Board meetings
and meetings of committees on which they serve and are also expected to attend our annual meeting of stockholders. All directors then
in office attended the 2022 annual meeting of stockholders. 

Committees
of the Board of Directors 

Our
Board of Directors currently has four committees: an Audit Committee, a Compensation Committee and a Nominating Committee. Each committee
has a written charter approved by the Board of Directors outlining the principal responsibilities of the committee. These charters are
also available on the Investor Relations page of our website. All of our directors, other than our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer,
have met in executive sessions without management present on a regular basis in 2022 and year-to-date 2023. 

Audit
Committee 

Our
Audit Committee appoints the Company s independent auditors, reviews audit reports and plans, accounting policies, financial statements,
internal controls, audit fees, and certain other expenses and oversees our accounting and financial reporting process. Specific responsibilities
include selecting, hiring and terminating our independent auditors; evaluating the qualifications, independence and performance of our
independent auditors; approving the audit and non-audit services to be performed by our auditors; reviewing the design, implementation,
adequacy and effectiveness of our internal controls and critical accounting policies; overseeing and monitoring the integrity of our
financial statements and our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements as they relate to financial statements or accounting matters;
reviewing any earnings announcements and other public announcements regarding our results of operations in conjunction with management
and our public auditors; conferring with management and the independent auditors regarding the effectiveness of internal controls, financial
reporting processes and disclosure controls; consulting with management and the independent auditors regarding Company policies governing
financial risk management; reviewing and discussing reports from the independent auditors on critical accounting policies used by the
Company; establishing procedures, as required under applicable law, for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received by
the Company regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or auditing matters and the confidential and anonymous submission by employees
of concerns regarding questionable accounting or auditing matters; reviewing and approving related-person transactions in accordance
with the Company s policies and procedures with respect to related-person transactions and applicable rules; reviewing the financial
statements to be included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K; discussing with management and the independent auditors the results of the
annual audit and the results of quarterly reviews and any significant changes in our accounting principles; and preparing the report
that the SEC requires in our annual proxy statement. 

The
Audit Committee is comprised of three Directors, each of whom is independent, as defined by the rules and regulations of the SEC and
Nasdaq Rule 5605(a)(2). The Audit Committee held four meetings during the year ended December 31, 2022. The members of our Audit Committee
are Daniel F. Hutchins (Chairman), Leroy C. Richie and Michael J. Caulfield. The Board of Directors determined that Mr. Hutchins qualifies
as an audit committee financial expert, as defined under the applicable rules and listing standards of Nasdaq and SEC rules
and regulations and is independent as noted above. 

42 

Under
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, all audit and non-audit services performed by the Company s independent registered public accounting
firm must be approved in advance by the Audit Committee to assure that such services do not impair the auditor s independence from
the Company. Accordingly, the Audit Committee has adopted an Audit and Non-Audit Services Pre-Approval Policy (the Policy that sets forth the procedures and the conditions pursuant to which services to be performed by the independent auditors are to be pre-approved.
Pursuant to the Policy, certain services described in detail in the Policy may be pre-approved on an annual basis together with pre-approved
maximum fee levels for such services. The services eligible for annual pre-approval consist of services that would be included under
the categories of Audit Fees, Audit-Related Fees and Tax Fees in the table, as well as services for limited review of actuarial reports
and calculations. If not pre-approved on an annual basis, proposed services must otherwise be separately approved prior to being performed
by the independent registered public accounting firm. In addition, any services that receive annual pre-approval but exceed the pre-approved
maximum fee level also will require separate approval by the Audit Committee prior to being performed. The Audit Committee may delegate
authority to pre-approve audit and non-audit services to any member of the Audit Committee but may not delegate such authority to management. 

Compensation
Committee 

Our
Compensation Committee assists our Board of Directors in determining the development plans and compensation of our officers, directors
and employees. Specific responsibilities include approving the compensation and benefits of our executive officers; reviewing the performance
objectives and actual performance of our officers; administering our stock option and other equity compensation plans; and reviewing
and discussing with management the compensation discussion and analysis that the SEC requires in our future Form 10-Ks and proxy statements. 

Our
Compensation Committee is comprised of three Directors, whom the Board considers to be independent under the applicable rules and listing
standards of Nasdaq and SEC rules and regulations. The members of our Compensation Committee are Leroy C. Richie (Chairman) and Michael
J. Caulfield. The Compensation Committee held two meetings and acted several times by unanimous written consent resolutions during the
year ended December 31, 2022. Mr. Ross, our Chief Executive Officer, does not participate in the determination of his own compensation
or the compensation of directors. However, he makes recommendations to the Compensation Committee regarding the amount and form of the
compensation of the other executive officers and key employees, and he often participates in the Compensation Committee s deliberations
about such persons compensation. Thomas J. Heckman, our Chief Financial Officer CFO ), also assists the Compensation
Committee in its deliberations regarding executive officer, director and employee compensation. No other executive officers participate
in the determination of the amount or the form of the compensation of executive officers or directors. The Compensation Committee does
not utilize the services of an independent compensation consultant to assist in its oversight of executive and director compensation. 

Nominating
Committee 

Our
Nominating Committee assists our Board of Directors by identifying and recommending individuals qualified to become members of our Board
of Directors, reviewing correspondence from our stockholders, and establishing, evaluating, and overseeing our corporate governance guidelines.
Specific responsibilities include the following: evaluating the composition, size and governance of our Board of Directors and its committees
and making recommendations regarding future planning and appointing directors to our committees; establishing a policy for considering
stockholder nominees for election to our Board of Directors; and evaluating and recommending candidates for election to our Board of
Directors. 

43 

Our
Nominating Committee strives for a Board composed of individuals who bring a variety of complementary skills, expertise, or background
and who, as a group, will possess the appropriate skills and experience to oversee our business. The diversity of the members of the
Board relates to the selection of its nominees. While the Committee considers diversity and variety of experiences and viewpoints to
be important factors, it does not believe that a director nominee should be chosen or excluded solely or largely because of race, color,
gender, national origin or sexual orientation or identity. In selecting a director nominee for recommendation to our Board, our Nominating
Committee focuses on skills, expertise or background that would complement the existing members on the Board. Accordingly, although diversity
may be a consideration in the Committee s process, the Committee and the Board of Directors do not have a formal policy regarding
the consideration of diversity in identifying director nominees. 

When
the Nominating Committee has either identified a prospective nominee or determined that an additional or replacement director is required,
the Nominating Committee may take such measures as it considers appropriate in connection with its evaluation of a director candidate,
including candidate interviews, inquiry of the person or persons making the recommendation or nomination, engagement of an outside search
firm to gather additional information, or reliance on the knowledge of the members of the Board of Directors or management. In its evaluation
of director candidates, including the members of the Board eligible for re-election, the Nominating Committee considers a number of factors,
including: the current size and composition of the Board of Directors, the needs of the Board of Directors and the respective committees
of the Board, and such factors as judgment, independence, character and integrity, age, area of expertise, diversity of experience, length
of service and potential conflicts of interest. 

The
Nominating Committee of the Board selects director nominees and recommends them to the full Board of Directors. In relation to such nomination
process, the Nominating Committee: 

determines
 the criteria for the selection of prospective directors and committee members; 

reviews
 the composition and size of the Board and its committees to ensure proper expertise and diversity among its members; 

evaluates
 the performance and contributions of directors eligible for re-election; 

determines
 the desired qualifications for individual directors and desired skills and characteristics for the Board; 

identifies
 persons who can provide needed skills and characteristics; 

screens
 possible candidates for Board membership; 

reviews
 any potential conflicts of interests between such candidates and the Company s interests; and 

shares
 information concerning the candidates with the Board and solicits input from other directors. 

The
Nominating Committee has specified the following minimum qualifications that it believes must be met by a nominee for a position on the
Board: the highest personal and professional ethics and integrity; proven achievement and competence in the nominee s field and
the ability to exercise sound business judgment; skills that are complementary to those of the existing Board; the ability to assist
and support management and make significant contributions to our success; the ability to work well with the other directors; the extent
of the person s familiarity with the issues affecting our business; an understanding of the fiduciary responsibilities that are
required of a member of the Board of Directors; and the commitment of time and energy necessary to diligently carry out those responsibilities.
A candidate for director must agree to abide by our Code of Ethics and Conduct. 

44 

After
completing its evaluation, the Nominating Committee makes a recommendation to the full Board of Directors as to the persons who should
be nominated to the Board, and the Board of Directors determines the nominees after considering the recommendation and report of the
Committee. 

Our
Nominating Committee is comprised of two Directors, whom the Board considers to be independent under the applicable rules and listing
standards of Nasdaq and SEC rules and regulations. The Nominating Committee held one meeting during the year ended December 31, 2022.
The members of our Nominating Committee are Leroy C. Richie (Chairman) and Michael J. Caulfield. 

Board
of Directors Role in the Oversight of Risk Management 

We
face a variety of risks, including credit, liquidity, and operational risks. In fulfilling its risk oversight role, our Board of Directors
focuses on the adequacy of our risk management process and overall risk management system. Our Board of Directors believes that an effective
risk management system will (i) adequately identify the material risks that we face in a timely manner; (ii) implement appropriate risk
management strategies that are responsive to our risk profile and specific material risk exposures; (iii) integrate consideration of
risk and risk management into our business decision-making; and (iv) include policies and procedures that adequately transmit necessary
information regarding material risks to senior executives and, as appropriate, to the Board or relevant committee. 

The
Board of Directors has designated the Audit Committee to take the lead in overseeing risk management at the Board of Directors level.
Accordingly, the Audit Committee schedules time for periodic review of risk management, in addition to its other duties. In this role,
the Audit Committee receives reports from management, independent registered public accounting firm, outside legal counsel, and other
advisors, and strives to generate serious and thoughtful attention to our risk management process and system, the nature of the material
risks we face, and the adequacy of our policies and procedures designed to respond to and mitigate these risks. 

Although
the Board of Directors has assigned the primary risk oversight to the Audit Committee, it also periodically receives information about
our risk management system and the most significant risks that we face. This is principally accomplished through Audit Committee reports
to the Board of Directors and summary versions of the briefings provided by management and advisors to the Audit Committee. 

In
addition to the formal compliance program, our Board of Directors and the Audit Committee encourage management to promote a corporate
culture that understands risk management and incorporates it into our overall corporate strategy and day-to-day business operations.
Our risk management structure also includes an ongoing effort to assess and analyze the most likely areas of future risk for us. As a
result, the Board of Directors and the Audit Committee periodically ask our executives to discuss the most likely sources of material
future risks and how we are addressing any significant potential vulnerability. 

Board
Leadership Structure 

Our
Board of Directors does not have a policy on whether the roles of Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors should
be separate and, if they are to be separate, whether the Chairman of the Board should be selected from the non-employee directors or
be an employee. Our Board of Directors believes that it should be free to make a choice from time to time in any manner that is in the
best interest of us and our stockholders. The Board of Directors believes that Mr. Ross s service as both Chief Executive Officer
and Chairman of the Board is in the best interest of us and our stockholders. Mr. Ross possesses detailed and in-depth knowledge of the
issues, opportunities and challenges we face and is thus best positioned to develop agendas, with the input of Mr. Richie, the lead independent
director, to ensure that the Board s time and attention are focused on the most critical matters. His combined role enables decisive
leadership, ensures clear accountability, and enhances our ability to communicate our message and strategy clearly and consistently to
our stockholders, employees, customers, and suppliers, particularly during times of turbulent economic and industry conditions. 

45 

Our
Board of Directors also believes that a lead independent director is part of an effective Board leadership structure. To this end, the
Board has appointed Mr. Richie as the lead independent director. The independent directors meet regularly in executive sessions at which
only they are present, and the lead independent director chairs those sessions. As the lead independent director, Mr. Richie calls meetings
of the independent directors as needed; sets the agenda for meetings of the independent directors; presides at meetings of the independent
directors; is the principal liaison on Board issues between the independent directors and the Chairman and between the independent directors
and management; provides feedback to the Chairman and management on the quality, quantity and timeliness of information sent to the Board;
is a member of the Compensation Committee that evaluates the CEO s performance; and oversees the directors evaluation of
the Board s overall performance. The Nominating Committee and the Board believe that its leadership structure, which includes the
appointment of a lead independent director, is appropriate because it, among other things, provides for an independent director who gives
board member leadership and each of the directors, other than Mr. Ross, is independent. Our Board of Directors believes that the independent
directors provide effective oversight of management. 

Stockholder
Communications with the Board of Directors 

Stockholders
may communicate with the Board of Directors by writing to us as follows: Digital Ally, Inc., attention: Corporate Secretary, 14001 Marshall
Drive, Lenexa, Kansas 66215. Stockholders who would like their submission directed to a member of the Board of Directors may so specify
and the communication will be forwarded as appropriate. 

Policy
for Director Recommendations and Nominations 

Our
Nominating Committee will consider candidates for Board membership suggested by Board members, management and our stockholders. The policy
of our Nominating Committee is to consider recommendations for candidates to the Board of Directors from any stockholder of record in
accordance with our Bylaws. A director candidate recommended by our stockholders will be considered in the same manner as a nominee recommended
by a Board member, management or other sources. In addition, a stockholder may nominate a person directly for election to the Board of
Directors at an annual meeting of stockholders, provided the stockholder meets the requirements set forth in our Bylaws. We do not pay
a fee to any third party to identify or evaluate or assist in identifying or evaluating potential nominees. 

Stockholder
Recommendations for Director Nominations . Stockholder recommendations for director nominations may be submitted to the
Company at the following address: Digital Ally, Inc., Attention: Corporate Secretary, 14001 Marshall Drive, Lenexa, Kansas 66215. Such
recommendations will be forwarded to the Nominating Committee for consideration, provided that they are accompanied by sufficient information
to permit the Board to evaluate the qualifications and experience of the nominees, and they are in time for the Nominating Committee
to do an adequate evaluation of the candidate before the Annual Meeting. The submission must be accompanied by a written consent of the
individual to stand for election if nominated by the Board of Directors and to serve if elected and to cooperate with a background check. 

Stockholder
Nominations of Directors. Our Bylaws provide that, in order for a stockholder to nominate a director at an annual meeting of
stockholders, the stockholder must give timely written notice to our Secretary and such notice must be received at our principal executive
offices not less than one-hundred-and-twenty (120) days before the date of our release of the proxy statement to stockholders in connection
with our previous year s annual meeting of stockholders. Such stockholder s notice shall include, with respect to each person
whom the stockholder proposes to nominate for election as a director, all information relating to such nominee that is required under
the Exchange Act, including such person s written consent to being named in the proxy statement as a nominee and serving as a director,
and cooperating with a background investigation. In addition, the stockholder must include in such notice the name and address, as they
appear on our records, of the stockholder proposing the nomination of such person, and the name and address of the beneficial owner,
if any, on whose behalf the nomination is made, the class and number of shares of our capital stock that are owned beneficially and of
record by such stockholder of record and by the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the nomination is made, and any material interest
or relationship that such stockholder of record and/or the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the nomination is made may respectively
have in such business or with such nominee. At the request of the Board of Directors, any person nominated for election as a director
shall furnish to our Secretary the information required to be set forth in a stockholder s notice of nomination that pertains to
the nominee. 

To
be timely in the case of a special meeting or if the date of the annual meeting is changed by more than thirty (30) days from such anniversary
date, a stockholder s notice must be received at our principal executive offices no later than the close of business on the tenth
(10 th day following the earlier of the day on which notice of the meeting date was mailed or public disclosure of the meeting
date was made. 

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 

None of our executive officers serves, or in the past has served, as a
member of the Compensation Committee. None of the members of our Compensation Committee is, or has ever been, an officer or employee of
the Company. 

Code
of Ethics and Conduct 

Our
Board of Directors has adopted a Code of Ethics and Conduct that is applicable to all of our employees, officers and directors.
Our Code of Ethics and Conduct is intended to ensure that our employees, officers and directors act in accordance with the highest
ethical standards. The Code of Ethics and Conduct is available on the Investor Relations page of our website at http://www.digitalally.com
 and the Code of Ethics and Conduct was filed as an exhibit to our Annual Report on Form 10-KSB filed March 4, 2008. 

46 

Item
 11. 
 E xecutive
 Compensation. 

The
following table presents information concerning the total compensation of the Company s Chief Executive Officer CEO ),
Chief Financial Officer CFO and Chief Operating Officer COO and collectively with the CEO and the CFO,
the Named Executive Officers for services rendered to the Company in all capacities for the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021, as required by Item 402(m)(2) of Regulation S-K. 

Summary
Compensation Table 

Name
 and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary
 ) 
 Bonus
 ) 
 Stock
 awards ) 
 
 Option
 awards ) (1) 
 All
 other compensation ) (2) 
 Total
 ) 
 
 Stanton
 E. Ross 
 2021 
 250,000 
 250,000 
 828,000 
 (1)(3) 
 
 30,805 
 1,358,805 
 
 Chairman,
 CEO and President 
 2022 
 300,000 
 100,000 
 374,500 
 (6) 
 
 32,034 
 806,534 

Thomas
 J. Heckman 
 2021 
 230,000 
 115,000 
 414,000 
 (1)(4) 
 
 23,329 
 782,329 
 
 CFO,
 Treasurer and Secretary 
 2022 
 120,000 
 
 80,250 
 (7) 
 
 16,292 
 216,542 

Peng
 Han (9) 
 2021 
 165,000 
 
 63,000 
 (1)(5) 
 
 5,428 
 233,428 
 
 COO 
 2022 
 250,000 
 
 107,000 
 (8) 
 
 10,576 
 367,576 

(1)
Represents aggregate grant date fair value pursuant to ASC Topic 718 for the respective year for stock options granted. Please refer
to Note 14 to the consolidated financial statements for a further description of the awards and the underlying assumptions utilized to
determine the amount of grant date fair value related to such grants. 

(2)
Amounts included in all other compensation include the following items: the employer contribution to the Company s 401(k) Retirement
Savings Plan (the 401(k) Plan on behalf of the named executive. We are required to provide a 100 matching contribution
for all who elect to contribute up to 3 of their compensation to the plan and a 50 matching contribution for all employees elective
deferral between 4 and 5 . The employee (i) is 100 vested at all times in the employee contributions and employer matching contributions;
(ii) receives Company paid healthcare insurance; (iii) receives Company paid contributions to health savings accounts; and (iv) receives
Company paid life, accident and disability insurance. See All Other Compensation Table below. 

(3)
Stock awards include the following restricted stock granted during 2021 to Mr. Ross: 15,000 shares at 55.20 per share that vest 50 
on January 6, 2022 and 50 on January 6, 2023, subject to Mr. Ross remaining an employee of the Company at that point in time. 

(4)
Stock awards include the following restricted stock granted during 2021 to Mr. Heckman: 7,500 shares at 55.20 per share that vest 50 
on January 6, 2022 and 50 on January 6, 2023, subject to Mr. Heckman remaining an employee of the Company at that point in time. 

(5)
Stock awards include the following restricted stock granted during 2021 to Mr. Han: 2,500 shares at 25.20 per share that vest ratably
over the two-year period ending September 20, 2023. 

(6)
Stock awards include the following restricted stock granted during 2022 to Mr. Ross: 17,500 shares at 21.40 per share that vest 50 
on January 7, 2023 and 50 on January 7, 2024, subject to Mr. Ross remaining an employee of the Company at that point in time. 

(7)
Stock awards include the following restricted stock granted during 2022 to Mr. Heckman: 3,750 shares at 21.40 per share that on January
7, 2023, subject to Mr. Heckman remaining an employee of the Company at that point in time. 

47 

(8)
Stock awards include the following restricted stock granted during 2022 to Mr. Han: 5,000 shares at 21.40 per share that vest 20 annually
on the anniversary of January 7 from 2023 to 2027, subject to Mr. Han remaining an employee of the Company at that point in time. 

(9)
Mr. Han was appointed Chief Operating Officer on December 13, 2021, thus Mr. Han s 2021 compensation was set by management prior
to his appointment as a named executive officer of the Company. 

All
Other Compensation Table 

Name
 and Principal Position 
 Year 
 401(k)
 Plan contribution by Company 
 Company paid healthcare insurance 
 Flexible
 health savings account contributions by
 Company 
 Company paid
 life, accident disability insurance 
 Other Contractual payments 
 Total ) 
 
 Stanton
 E. Ross 
 2021 
 8,606 
 20,556 
 1,100 
 543 
 - 
 30,805 
 
 Chairman,
 CEO and President 
 2022 
 10,039 
 20,319 
 1,100 
 576 
 - 
 32,034 

Thomas
 J. Heckman 
 2021 
 9,138 
 12,848 
 800 
 543 
 - 
 23,329 
 
 CFO,
 Treasurer and Secretary 
 2022 
 4,800 
 10,021 
 895 
 576 
 - 
 16,292 

Peng
 Han (9) 
 2021 
 4,885 
 - 
 - 
 543 
 - 
 5,428 
 
 COO 
 2022 
 10,000 
 - 
 - 
 576 
 - 
 10,576 

Compensation
Policy. Our executive compensation plan is based on attracting and retaining qualified professionals who possess the skills and
leadership necessary to enable us to achieve earnings and profitability growth to satisfy its stockholders. We must, therefore, create
incentives for these executives to achieve both our and individual performance objectives using performance-based compensation programs.
No one component is considered by itself, but all forms of the compensation package are considered in total. Wherever possible, objective
measurements will be utilized to quantify performance, but many subjective factors still come into play when determining performance. 

Compensation
Components. The main elements of its compensation package consist of base salary, stock options or restricted stock awards and
bonus. 

Base
Salary. The base salary for each executive officer is reviewed and compared to the prior year, with considerations given for
increase or decrease. The review is generally on an annual basis but may take place more often in the discretion of the Compensation
Committee. 

On
January 7, 2021, the Compensation Committee restored the annual base salaries of Stanton E. Ross, President and Chief Executive Officer,
Thomas J. Heckman, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary, at 250,000 and 230,000, respectively for 2021. 

The
Compensation Committee plans to review the base salaries for possible adjustments on an annual basis. Base salary adjustments will be
based on both individual and our performances and will include both objective and subjective criteria specific to each executive s
role and responsibility with us. 

48 

Stock
Options and Restricted Stock Awards. The Compensation Committee determined stock option and restricted stock awards based on
numerous factors, some of which include responsibilities incumbent with the role of each executive with us, tenure with us, as well as
our performance. The vesting period of options and restricted stock is also tied, in some instances, to our performance directly related
to certain executive s responsibilities with us. The Compensation Committee determined that Messrs. Ross and Heckman were eligible
for awards of stock options or restricted stock in 2021 based on their performance. Refer to the Grants of Plan-Based Awards 
table below for restricted stock awards made in 2021. The Committee also determined that Messrs. Ross, Heckman, and Han would be eligible
in 2022 for awards of restricted stock or stock options. 

Bonuses.
 The Compensation Committee determined to award bonuses to each of the executive officers in 2022 and 2021, as set forth in the
foregoing table. Refer to the Summary Compensation Table above for the bonuses paid to Messrs. Ross and Heckman in 2022
and 2021. In fiscal 2022, Messrs. Ross and Heckman were eligible for bonuses of up to 250,000 and 120,000, respectively. Mr. Ross was
awarded a partial 2022 bonus of 100,000. The Compensation Committee reviews each executive officer s performance on a quarterly
basis and determines what, if any, portion of the bonus he has earned and will be paid as of such point. 

Other.
 In July 2008, we amended and restated our 401(k) Plan. The amended 401(k) Plan requires us to provide a 100 matching contribution
for employees who elect to contribute up to 3 of their compensation to the plan and a 50 matching contribution for employees 
elective deferrals between 4 and 5 . We have made matching contributions for executives who elected to contribute to the 401(k) Plan
during 2021. Each participant is 100 vested at all times in employee and employer matching contributions. As of December 31, 2022, a
total of 23,120 shares of our Common Stock were held in the 401(k) Plan. Mr. Heckman, as trustee of the 401(k) Plan, holds the voting
power as to the shares of our Common Stock held in the 401(k) Plan. We have no profit-sharing plan in place for our employees. However,
we may consider adding such a plan to provide yet another level of compensation to our compensation plan. 

The
following table presents information concerning the grants of plan-based awards to the Named Executive Officers during the year ended
December 31, 2022: 

Grant
of Plan-Based Awards 

Name 
 Grant
 date 
 Date approved
 by Compensation Committee 
 All
 other stock awards:
 Number of
 shares of stock or
 units: (#) (1) (2)(3) 
 Exercise
 or base price
 of option awards /Share) 
 Grant
 date fair value
 of stock awards
 ) (4) 
 
 Stanton
 E. Ross 

Chairman,
 CEO and President 
 January
 7, 2022 
 January
 7, 2022 
 17,500 (1) 
 21.40 
 374,500 

Thomas
 J. Heckman 

CFO,
 Treasurer and Secretary 
 January
 7, 2022 
 January
 7, 2022 
 3,750 (2) 
 21.40 
 80,250 

Peng
 Han 

COO 
 January
 7, 2022 
 January
 7, 2022 
 5,000 (3) 
 21.40 
 107,000 

(1)
These restricted stock awards were made under the Digital Ally, Inc. Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plans and vest over a two-year
period (50 on January 7, 2023 and 50 on January 7, 2024) contingent upon whether the individual is still employed by us at that point. 

49 

(2)
These restricted stock awards were made under the Digital Ally, Inc. Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plans and vest over a one-year
period contingent upon whether the individual is still employed by us at that point. 

(3)
These restricted stock awards were made under the Digital Ally, Inc. Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plans and vest over a five-year
period (20 on each anniversary of January 7 from 2023 to 2027) contingent upon whether the individual is still employed by us at that
point. 

(4)
Stock awards noted represent the aggregate amount of grant date fair value as determined under ASC Topic 718. Please refer to Note 14
to the consolidated financial statements that appear in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on April 15, 2022, for a further
description of the awards and the underlying assumptions utilized to determine the amount of grant date fair value related to such grants. 

Employment
Contracts; Termination of Employment and Change-in-Control Arrangements 

We
do not have any employment agreements with any of our executive officers. However, on December 23, 2008, we entered into retention agreements
with the following executive officers: Stanton E. Ross and Thomas J. Heckman. In April 2018 we amended these agreements. 

Retention
Agreements - Potential Payments upon Termination or Change of Control 

The
following table sets forth for each named executive officer potential post-employment payments and payments on a change in control and
assumes that the triggering event took place on January 1, 2023 and that the amendments to the retention agreements of each person were
in effect. 

Retention
Agreement Compensation 

Name 
 Change
 in control payment
 due based upon
 successful completion
 of transaction 
 Severance
 payment due
 based on termination
 after Change
 of Control
 occurs 
 Total 
 
 Stanton
 E. Ross 
 125,000 
 500,000 
 625,000 
 
 Thomas
 J. Heckman 
 115,000 
 460,000 
 575,000 
 
 Total 
 240,000 
 960,000 
 1,200,000 

The
retention agreements guarantee the executive officers specific payments and benefits upon a Change in Control of the Company.
The retention agreements also provide for specified severance benefits if, after a Change in Control of the Company occurs, the executive
officer voluntarily terminates employment for Good Reason or is involuntarily terminated without Cause. 

50 

Under
the retention agreements, a Change in Control means (i) one party alone, or acting with others, has acquired or gained
control over more than 50 of the voting shares of the Company; (ii) the Company merges or consolidates with or into another entity or
completes any other corporate reorganization, if more than 50 of the combined voting power of the surviving entity s securities
outstanding immediately after such merger, consolidation or other reorganization is owned by persons who were not stockholders of the
Company immediately prior to such merger, consolidation or other reorganization; (iii) a majority of the Board of Directors is replaced
and/or dismissed by the stockholders of the Company without the recommendation of or nomination by the Company s current Board
of Directors; (iv) the Company s Chief Executive Officer (the CEO is replaced and/or dismissed by stockholders without
the approval of the Board of Directors; or (v) the Company sells, transfers or otherwise disposes of all or substantially all of the
consolidated assets of the Company and the Company does not own stock in the purchaser or purchasers having more than 50 of the voting
power of the entity owning all or substantially all of the consolidated assets of the Company after such purchase. 

Good
Reason means either (i) a material adverse change in the executive s status as an executive or other key employee of the
Company, including without limitation, a material adverse change in the executive s position, authority, or aggregate duties or
responsibilities; (ii) any adverse change in the executive s base salary, target bonus or benefits; or (iii) a request by the Company
to materially change the executive s geographic work location. 

Cause 
means (i) the executive has acted in bad faith and to the detriment of the Company; (ii) the executive has refused or failed to act in
accordance with any specific lawful and material direction or order of his or her supervisor; (iii) the executive has exhibited, in regard
to employment, unfitness or unavailability for service, misconduct, dishonesty, habitual neglect, incompetence, or has committed an act
of embezzlement, fraud or theft with respect to the property of the Company; (iv) the executive has abused alcohol or drugs on the job
or in a manner that affects the executive s job performance; and/or (v) the executive has been found guilty of or has plead nolo
contendere to the commission of a crime involving dishonesty, breach of trust, or physical or emotional harm to any person. Prior to
termination for Cause, the Company shall give the executive written notice of the reason for such potential termination and provide the
executive a 30-day period to cure such conduct or act or omission alleged to provide grounds for such termination. 

If
any Change in Control occurs and the executive continues to be employed as of the completion of such Change in Control, upon completion
of such Change in Control, as payment for the executive s additional efforts during such Change in Control, the Company shall pay
the executive a Change in Control benefit payment equal to three months of the his base salary at the rate in effect immediately prior
to the Change in Control completion date, payable in a lump sum net of required tax withholdings. If any Change in Control occurs, and
if, during the one-year period following the Change in Control, the Company terminates the executive s employment without Cause
or the executive submits a resignation for Good Reason (the effective date of such termination or resignation, the Termination
Date ), then: 

a) 
 The
 Company shall pay the executive severance pay equal to 12 months of his base salary at the higher of the rate in effect immediately
 prior to the Termination Date or the rate in effect immediately prior to the occurrence of the event or events constituting Good
 Reason, payable on the Termination Date in a lump sum net of required tax withholdings, plus all other amounts then payable by the
 Company to the executive less any amounts then due and owing from the executive to the Company; 

b) 
 The
 Company shall provide continuation of the executive s health benefits at the Company s expense for 18 months following
 the Termination Date; and 

c) 
 The
 executive s outstanding employee stock options shall fully vest and be exercisable for a 90-day period following the Termination
 Date. 

51 

The
executive is not entitled to the above severance benefits for a termination based on death or disability, resignation without Good Reason
or termination for Cause. Following the Termination Date, the Company shall also pay the executive all reimbursements for expenses in
accordance with the Company policies, within ten days of submission of appropriate evidence thereof by the executive. 

The
following table presents information concerning the outstanding equity awards for the Named Executive Officers as of December 31, 2022: 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

Option
 Awards 
 
 Stock
 Awards 
 
 Name 
 Number
 of securities underlying unexercised options
 (#) exercisable (1) 
 Number
 of securities underlying unexercised options
 (#) unexercisable 
 Equity incentive plan awards: Number
 of securities underlying unexercised unearned options
 (#) 
 Option exercise price ) 
 Option expiration date 
 Number of shares or
 units of
 stock that have not vested (1) 
 Market value of shares or units
 of stock that have not vested (2) 
 Equity incentive plan awards: Number of unearned shares, units
 or other rights that
 have not vested 
 Equity incentive plan awards: Market or Payout value
 of unearned shares, units
 or other rights that
 have not vested 
 
 Stanton
 E. Ross 

Chairman,
 CEO and President 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 25,000 
 115,000 
 - 
 - 

Thomas
 J. Heckman 

CFO,
 Treasurer and Secretary 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 7,500 
 34,500 
 - 
 - 

Peng
 Han (9) 

COO 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 6,250 
 28,750 
 - 
 - 

(1)
These stock option and restricted stock awards were made under the Digital Ally, Inc. Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plans and vest
over the prescribed period contingent upon whether the individual is still employed by the Company at that point. 

(2)
Market value based upon the closing market price of 4.60 on December 31, 2022. 

52 

The
following table presents information concerning the stock options exercised and the vesting of restricted stock awards during 2021 for
the Named Executive Officers for the year ended December 31, 2022: 

Option Exercises and Restricted Stock Vested 

Option Awards 
 Stock Awards 

Number of Shares acquired realized on exercise (#) 
 Value realized on exercise ) 
 Number of Shares acquired on vesting (#) 
 Value on vesting ) 
 
 Stanton E. Ross 

Chairman, CEO and President 
 - 
 - 
 7,500 
 160,500 (1) 

Thomas J. Heckman 

CFO, Treasurer and Secretary 
 - 
 - 
 3,750 
 80,250 (1) 

Peng Han 

COO 
 331 
 28,520 
 1,250 
 15,000 (2) 

(1) 
 Based
 on the closing market price of our Common Stock of 21.40 on January 7, 2022, the date of vesting for 7,500 shares of Common Stock
 for Mr. Ross, and 3,750 shares of Common Stock for Mr. Heckman. 

(2) 
 Based
 on the closing market price of our Common Stock of 12.00 on September 20, 2022, the date of vesting for 1,250 shares of Common Stock
 for Mr. Han. 

The
number of stock options and restricted stock awards that an employee, director, or consultant may receive under our Plans (defined below
under Information Regarding Plans and Other Arrangements Not Subject to Security Holder Action is in the discretion of
the administrator and therefore cannot be determined in advance. The Board of Directors policy in 2022 was to grant officers an
award of 17,500 restricted shares of Common Stock to our CEO/President and 3,750 restricted shares of Common Stock to our CFO/Treasurer
and each non-employee director an award of options to purchase 5,000 shares of Common Stock, all subject to vesting requirements. 

The
following table sets forth (a) the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock subject to options granted under the Plans during the year
ended December 31, 2022 and (b) the average per share exercise price of such options. 

Stock
Options and Restricted Stock Grants 

Name of Individual or Group 
 Number of Restricted Shares of Common Stock Granted 
 Number of Options Granted 
 Average per Share Exercise Price 
 
 Stanton E. Ross, Chairman of the Board of Directors, CEO President 
 17,500 
 - 
 - 
 
 Leroy C. Richie, Director 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Daniel F. Hutchins, Director 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Michael J. Caulfield, Director 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Thomas J. Heckman, Vice President, CFO, Treasurer Secretary 
 3,750 
 - 
 - 
 
 Peng Han 
 5,000 
 - 
 - 

All executive officers, as a group 
 26,250 
 - 
 - 
 
 All directors who are not executive officers, as a group 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 All employees who are not executive officers, as a group 
 5,500 
 - 
 - 

Director
Compensation 

Our
non-employee directors received the stock option grants noted in the Director Compensation table below for their service
on the Board of Directors in 2022, including on the Audit, Nominating and Compensation Committees. 

In
July 2021, we granted to Messrs. Richie, Caulfield and Hutchins each options exercisable to acquire 5,000 shares of Common Stock at an
exercise price of 33.40 per share for their service on the Board of Directors until the next annual meeting of stockholders with vesting
to occur ratably through May 31, 2022, provided each person has remained a director at such dates. 

Director
compensation for the year ended December 31, 2022 was as follows: 

Director
Compensation 

Name 
 Fees earned or paid in 
 cash ) 
 Stock 
 awards ) 
 Option 
 awards ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Stanton E. Ross, Chairman of the Board of Directors (1) 

Leroy C. Richie 
 95,000 

95,000 
 
 Daniel F. Hutchins 
 90,000 

90,000 
 
 Michael J. Caulfield 
 87,917 

87,917 

(1) 
 As
 a Named Executive Officer, Mr. Ross s compensation and option awards are fully reflected in the Summary Compensation 
 table, and elsewhere under Executive Compensation. He did not receive compensation, stock awards or options for his
 services as a director. 

53 

Stock
Option and Restricted Stock Grants to Directors 

Name 
 Number of Restricted Shares of Common Stock Granted 
 Number of Options Granted 
 Average per Share Exercise Price 
 
 Stanton E. Ross, Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Leroy C. Richie, Director 
 - 
 5,000 
 33.40 
 
 Daniel F. Hutchins, Director 
 - 
 5,000 
 33.40 
 
 Michael J. Caulfield, Director 
 - 
 5,000 
 33.40 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

Our
Board of Directors adopted the 2005 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan (the 2005 Plan on September 1, 2005. The 2005
Plan authorized us to reserve 15,625 shares of our Common Stock for issuance upon exercise of options and grant of restricted stock awards.
The 2005 Plan terminated in 2015 with 1,078 shares of Common Stock reserved for awards that are now unavailable for issuance. Stock options
granted under the 2005 Plan that remain unexercised and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 total 284. 

On
January 17, 2006, our Board adopted the 2006 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan (the 2006 Plan ). The 2006 Plan authorizes
us to reserve 9,375 shares of Common Stock for future grants under it. The 2006 Plan terminated in 2016 with 2,739 shares of Common Stock
reserved for awards that are now unavailable for issuance. Stock options granted under the 2006 Plan that remain unexercised and outstanding
as of December 31, 2022 total 531. 

On
January 24, 2007, our Board adopted the 2007 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan (the 2007 Plan ). The 2007 Plan authorizes
us to reserve 9,375 shares of Common Stock for future grants under it. The 2007 Plan terminated in 2017 with 4,733 shares of Common Stock
reserved for awards that are now unavailable for issuance. There are no stock options granted under the 2007 Plan that remain unexercised
and outstanding as of December 31, 2022. 

On
January 2, 2008, our Board adopted the 2008 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan (the 2008 Plan ). The 2008 Plan authorizes
us to reserve 6,250 shares of Common Stock for future grants under it. The 2008 Plan terminated in 2018 with 2,025 shares of Common Stock
reserved for awards that are now unavailable for issuance. There are no stock options granted under the 2008 Plan that remain unexercised
and outstanding as of December 31, 2022. 

On
March 18, 2011, our Board adopted the 2011 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan (the 2011 Plan ). The 2011 Plan authorizes
us to reserve 3,125 shares of Common Stock for future grants under it. At December 31, 2022, there were 438 shares of Common Stock reserved
for awards available for issuance under the 2011 Plan. Stock options granted under the 2011 Plan that remain unexercised and outstanding
as of December 31, 2022 total 50. 

On
March 22, 2013, our Board adopted the 2013 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan (the 2013 Plan ). The 2013 Plan was amended
on March 28, 2014 and November 14, 2014 to increase the number of shares of Common Stock authorized and reserved for issuance under the
2013 Plan to a total of 15,000. At December 31, 2022, there were no shares of Common Stock reserved for awards available for issuance
under the 2013 Plan. Stock options granted under the 2013 Plan that remain unexercised and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 total
1,000. 

On
March 27, 2015, our Board of Directors adopted the 2015 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan (the 2015 Plan ). The 2015
Plan was amended on February 25, 2016 and May 31, 2017 to increase the number of shares of Common Stock authorized and reserved for issuance
under the 2015 Plan to a total of 62,500. At December 31, 2022, there were no shares of Common Stock reserved for awards available for
issuance under the 2015 Plan, as amended. Stock options granted under the 2015 Plan that remain unexercised and outstanding as of December
31, 2022 total 6,500. 

54 

On
April 12, 2018, our Board of Directors adopted the 2018 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan (the 2018 Plan ). The 2018
Plan was amended on May 21, 2019 to increase the number of shares of Common Stock authorized and reserved for issuance under the 2018
Plan to a total of 87,500. At December 31, 2022, there were 31,275 shares of Common Stock reserved for awards available for issuance
under the 2018 Plan. Stock options granted under the 2018 Plan that remain unexercised and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 total
17,000. 

Our
Board of Directors adopted the 2020 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan (the 2020 Plan on June 30, 2020 and the Company s
stockholders approved the 2020 Plan at the Annual Meeting held on September 9, 2020. The Company s stockholders approved an amendment
to the 2020 Plan at the Annual Meeting held on June 22, 2021 which increased the number of shares of Common Stock authorized and reserved
for issuance under the 2020 Plan to a total of 125,000. At December 31, 2022, there were 12,042 shares of Common Stock reserved for awards
available for issuance under the 2020 Plan. Stock options granted under the 2020 Plan that remain unexercised and outstanding as of December
31, 2022 total 29,000. 

Our
Board of Directors adopted the 2022 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan (the 2022 Plan on October 28, 2022 and the
Company s stockholders approved the 2022 Plan at the Annual Meeting held on December 7, 2022. The number of shares of Common Stock
authorized and reserved for issuance under the 2022 Plan totals 125,000. At December 31, 2022, there were no shares of Common Stock reserved
for awards available for issuance under the 2022 Plan. Stock options granted under the 2022 Plan that remain unexercised and outstanding
as of December 31, 2022 total 125,000. 

The
2005 Plan, 2006 Plan, 2007 Plan, 2008 Plan, 2011 Plan, 2013 Plan, 2015 Plan, 2018 Plan, 2020 Plan, and 2022 Plan are collectively referred
to as the Plans. 

The
Plans authorize us to grant (i) to the key employees incentive stock options (except for the 2007 Plan) to purchase shares of Common
Stock and non-qualified stock options to purchase shares of Common Stock and restricted stock awards, and (ii) to non-employee directors
and consultants non-qualified stock options and restricted stock. The Compensation Committee of our Board (the Compensation
Committee administers the Plans by making recommendations to the Board or determinations regarding the persons to whom options
or restricted stock should be granted and the amount, terms, conditions and restrictions of the awards. 

The
Plans allow for the grant of incentive stock options (except for the 2007 Plan), non-qualified stock options and restricted stock awards.
Incentive stock options granted under the Plans must have an exercise price at least equal to 100 of the fair market value of the Common
Stock as of the date of grant. Incentive stock options granted to any person who owns, immediately after the grant, stock possessing
more than 10 of the combined voting power of all classes of our stock, or of any parent or subsidiary corporation, must have an exercise
price at least equal to 110 of the fair market value of the Common Stock on the date of grant. Non-statutory stock options may have
exercise prices as determined by our Compensation Committee. 

The
Compensation Committee is also authorized to grant restricted stock awards under the Plans. A restricted stock award is a grant of shares
of the Common Stock that is subject to restrictions on transferability, risk of forfeiture and other restrictions and that may be forfeited
in the event of certain terminations of employment or service prior to the end of a restricted period specified by the Compensation Committee. 

We
have filed various registration statements on Form S-8 and amendments to previously filed Form S-8 s with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the SEC ), which registered a total of 408,750 shares of Common Stock issued or to be issued underlying the
awards under the Plans. 

The following table sets forth
certain information regarding the Plans as of December 31, 2022: 

Equity Compensation Plan Information 

Plan category 
 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights (a) 

Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights (b) 

Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) (c) 

Equity compensation plans approved by stockholders 

53,950 

45.80 

408,750 

Equity compensation plans not approved by stockholders 

Total all plans 

53,950 

45.80 

408,750 

55 

Item
 12. 
 Security
 Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The
following table sets forth, as of March 31, 2023, information regarding beneficial ownership of our Common Stock for: 

each
 person, or group of affiliated persons, known by us to beneficially own more than 5 of our Common Stock; 

each
 of our executive officers; 

each
 of our directors; and 

all
 of our current executive officers and directors as a group 

Beneficial
ownership is determined according to the rules of the SEC and generally means that a person has beneficial ownership of a security if
he, she or it possesses sole or shared voting or investment power of that security, including securities that are currently exercisable
or exercisable within sixty (60) days of March 31, 2023. Except as indicated by the footnotes below, we believe, based on the information
furnished to us, that the persons named in the table below have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of Common
Stock shown that they beneficially own, subject to community property laws where applicable. 

Common
Stock subject to securities currently exercisable or exercisable within sixty (60) days of March 31, 2023 are deemed to be outstanding
for computing the percentage ownership of the person holding such securities and the percentage ownership of any group of which the holder
is a member but are not deemed outstanding for computing the percentage of any other person. 

Unless
otherwise indicated, the address of each beneficial owner listed in the table below is c/o Digital Ally, Inc., 14001 Marshall Drive.,
Lenexa, KS 66215. 

Number of Shares of Common Stock Beneficially Owned (1) 
 of Total Voting 

Shares 
 
 Power 
 
 5 or Greater Stockholders: 

None 

Executive Officers and Directors: 

Stanton E. Ross (2) 
 116,065 
 4.2 
 4.2 
 
 Leroy C. Richie (3) 
 18,211 

Daniel F. Hutchins (4) 
 17,885 

Michael J. Caulfield (5) 
 16,393 

Thomas J. Heckman (6) 
 76,687 
 2.8 
 2.8 
 
 Peng Han (7) 
 13,781 

All executive officers and directors as a group (five individuals) 
 259,022 
 9.2 
 9.2 

Represents
 less than 1 . 

(1) 
 Based
 on 2,755,170 shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding as of March 31, 2023 and, with respect only to the ownership by all executive
 officers and directors as a group. 

(2) 
 Mr.
 Ross s total shares of Common Stock include 26,250 restricted shares that are subject to forfeiture to us. 

(3) 
 Mr.
 Richie s total shares of Common Stock include 16,250 shares of Common Stock to be received upon the exercise of vested options. 

(4) 
 Mr.
 Hutchins total shares of Common Stock include 16,250 shares of Common Stock to be received upon the exercise of vested options. 

(5) 
 Mr.
 Caulfield s total shares of Common Stock include 16,250 shares of Common Stock to be received upon the exercise of vested options. 

(6) 
 Mr.
 Heckman s total shares of Common Stock include (i) 3,750 restricted shares that are subject to forfeiture to us and (ii) 23,120
 shares of Common Stock held in the Company s 401(k) Plan (on December 31, 2022) as to which Mr. Heckman has voting power as
 trustee of the 401(k) Plan. 

(7) 
 Mr.
 Han s total shares of Common Stock include (i) 10,250 restricted shares that are subject to forfeiture to us and (ii) 331
 shares of Common Stock to be received upon the exercise of vested options. 

56 

Item
 13. 
 Certain
 Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

Transactions
with Managing Member of Nobility Healthcare 

On
January 27, 2022, the Board of Directors appointed Christian J. Hoffmann, III as a member of the Board, effective immediately. Mr. Hoffmann
is a principal owner and manager of Nobility, LLC which is currently the managing member of our consolidated subsidiary Nobility Healthcare,
LLC. 

The
Company has advanced a total of 158,384 in the form of a working capital loan to Nobility, LLC in order to fund capital expenditures
necessary for the initial growth of the joint venture during 2022. The outstanding balance of the working capital loan was 138,384 as
of December 31, 2022 and the Company anticipates full repayment of this advance during the year ended December 31, 2023. The Company
paid distributions to the noncontrolling in consolidated subsidiary totaling 15,692 and -0-, for the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021, respectively. 

On
August 1, 2022, Mr. Hoffmann resigned as a member of the Board, effective immediately. He remains as a principal owner and manager of
Nobility, LLC. 

Item
 14. 
 Principal
 Accountant Fees and Services. 

The
following table is a summary of the fees billed to us by RBSM LLP for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Fee Category 
 Fiscal 2022 fees 
 Fiscal 2021 fees 
 
 Audit fees 
 327,415 
 189,250 
 
 Audit-related fees 
 
 61,500 
 
 Tax fees 

All other fees 

Total fees 
 327,415 
 250,750 

Audit
Fees . Such amount consists of fees billed for professional services rendered in connection with the audit of our annual
financial statements and review of the interim financial statements included in our quarterly reports. It also includes services that
are normally provided by our independent registered public accounting firms in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements. 

Audit-Related
Fees . Consists of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the
audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include employee benefit
plan audits, consents issued for certain filings with the SEC, accounting consultations in connection with acquisitions, attest services
that are not required by statute or regulation, and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. 

Tax
Fees . Tax fees consist of fees billed for professional services related to tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning.
These services include assistance regarding federal, state and international tax compliance, tax audit defense, customs and duties, mergers
and acquisitions, and international tax planning. 

All
Other Fees . Consists of fees for products and services other than the services reported above. 

Pre Approval
Policy of Services Performed by Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. The Audit Committee s policy is to pre approve
all audit and non audit related services, tax services and other services. Pre approval is generally provided for up to one
year, and any pre approval is detailed as to the particular service or category of services and is generally subject to a specific
budget. The Audit Committee has delegated the pre approval authority to its chairperson when expedition of services is necessary.
The independent registered public accounting firm and management are required to periodically report to the full Audit Committee regarding
the extent of services provided by the independent registered public accounting firm in accordance with this pre approval and the
fees for the services performed to date. 

57 

PART
IV 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits
 and Financial Statement Schedules. 

(a) 
 The
 following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 

1. 
 Consolidated
 Financial Statements : 

The
 consolidated financial statements required to be included in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, begin
 on Page F-1 and are submitted as a separate section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

2. 
 Financial
 Statement Schedules : 

All
 schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or are not required, or because the required information is included in the
 consolidated financial statements or notes in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

3. 
 Exhibits :

Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Description
 of Exhibit 

2.1 
 
 Agreement
 and Plan of Merger. 
 
 (19) 
 
 3.1(i)(a) 
 
 Articles
 of Incorporation. 
 
 (19)

3.1(i )(b) 
 
 Articles
 of Merger. 
 
 (19) 
 
 3.1(i)(c) 
 
 Certificate
 of Amendment to Digital Ally, Inc. s Articles of Incorporation. 
 
 (22) 
 
 3.1(i)(d) 
 
 Certificate
 of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation of Digital Ally, Inc. 
 
 (23) 
 
 3.1(ii) 
 
 Bylaws 
 
 (19) 

4.1 
 
 Form of Common Stock Certificate. 

4.2 
 
 Form of Series A-1 Warrant. 
 
 (6) 
 
 4.3 
 
 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant. 
 
 (7) 
 
 4.4 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant of Digital Ally, Inc. 
 
 (8) 
 
 4.5 
 
 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant 
 
 (10) 
 
 4.6 
 
 Description of the Registrant s Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

10.1 
 
 2005 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan. 
 
 (2) 
 
 10.2 
 
 2006 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan. 
 
 (2) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Form of Stock Option Agreement (ISO and Non-Qualified) 2005 Stock Option Plan. 
 
 (2) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Form of Stock Option Agreement (ISO and Non-Qualified) 2006 Stock Option Plan. 
 
 (2) 

10.9 
 
 Forms of Restricted Stock Agreement for 2005, 2006, 2007 and 2008 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plans. 
 
 (3) 
 
 10.11 
 
 2011 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan 
 
 (4) 
 
 10.12 
 
 Form of Stock Option Agreement for 2011 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan 
 
 (4) 
 
 10.13 
 
 Amended and Restated 2015 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan 
 
 (5) 
 
 10.14 
 
 Form
 of 2015 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan Restricted Stock Grant Agreement. 

10.15 
 
 Digital Ally, Inc. 2018 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan . 
 
 (9) 
 
 10.16 
 
 Form
 of 2018 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan Restricted Stock Grant Agreement. 

10.17 
 
 Digital
 Ally, Inc. 2020 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan. 
 
 (11) 
 
 10.18 
 
 Amendment to Digital Ally, Inc. 2020 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan . 
 
 (14) 
 
 10.19 
 
 Form of 2020 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan Restricted Stock Grant Agreement. 

10.20 
 
 Digital Ally, Inc. 2022 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan . 
 
 (21) 
 
 10.21 
 
 Form of 2022 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan Restricted Stock Grant Agreement under the 2022 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan. 
 
 (24) 
 
 10.22 
 
 Proceeds Investment Agreement, dated as July 31, 2018, by and between Digital Ally, Inc. and Brickell Key Investments LP 
 
 (8) 
 
 10.23 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated as July 31, 2018, by and between Digital Ally, Inc. and Brickell Key Investments LP 
 
 (8) 
 
 10.24 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of January 11, 2021, by and between the Company and the Investors. 
 
 (12) 
 
 10.25 
 
 Form of Placement Agency Agreement, dated January 27, 2021, by and between the Company and Kingswood Capital Markets, division of Benchmark Investments, Inc. 
 
 (13) 

58 

10.26 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of January 27, 2021, by and between the Company and the Investors. 
 
 (13) 
 
 10.27 
 
 Commercial Real Estate Sales Contract, dated February 24, 2021, between the Company and DDG Holding, LLC. 
 
 (15) 
 
 10.28 
 
 Form of Operating Agreement of Nobility Healthcare, LLC, dated June 1, 2021 
 
 (16) 

10.29 
 
 Warrant Exchange Agreement, dated August 19, 2021, by and among the Company and the warrant holders who are signatories thereto. 
 
 (17) 
 
 10.30 
 
 Unit Purchase Agreement, dated September 2, 2021 
 
 (18) 
 
 10.31 
 
 Form of Exchange Agreement. 
 
 (19) 
 
 10.32 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement between Digital Ally, Inc. and the investors thereto. 
 
 (20) 
 
 10.33 
 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement by and among Digital Ally, Inc. and the investors named therein. 
 
 (20) 
 
 14.1 
 
 Code of Ethics and Code of Conduct. 
 
 (1) 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of Registrant 

23.1 
 
 Consent of RBSM LLP 

24.1 
 
 Power of Attorney 

31.1 
 
 Certificate of Stanton E. Ross, Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2 
 
 Certificate of Thomas J. Heckman, Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1 
 
 Certificate of Stanton E. Ross, Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.2 
 
 Certificate of Thomas J. Heckman, Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101.INS 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Schema 
 
 101.CAL 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase 
 
 101.LAB
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Label Linkbase 
 
 101.PRE
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Presentation Linkbase 
 
 104 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Filed
herewith. 

The XBRL related information in Exhibit 101 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K shall not be deemed filed for purposes of
Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to liability of that Section and shall not be incorporated
by reference into any filing or other document pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, except as shall be expressly set forth
by specific reference in such filing or document. 

(1) 
 Filed as an exhibit to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10KSB for the Year ended December 31, 2007. 

(2) 
 Filed as an exhibit to the Company s October 2006 Form SB-2. 

(3) 
 Filed as an exhibit to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10K for the Year ended December 31, 2009. 

(4) 
 Filed as an exhibit to the Company s Form 8-K filed June 1, 2011. 

(5) 
 Filed as an exhibit to the Company s Form S-8 filed May 23, 2016. 

(6) 
 Filed as an exhibit to the Company s Form 8-K filed August 25, 2017. 

(7) 
 Filed as an exhibit to the Company s Form 8-K filed April 4, 2018. 

(8) 
 Filed as an exhibit to the Company s Form 8-K filed August 2, 2018. 

(9) 
 Filed as an exhibit to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed August 20, 2018. 

(10) 
 Filed as an exhibit to the Company s Form 8-K filed August 5, 2019. 

(11) 
 Filed as an exhibit to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed November 16, 2020. 

(12) 
 Filed as an exhibit to the Company s Form 8-K filed January 12, 2021. 

(13) 
 Filed as an exhibit to the Company s Form 8-K filed January 28, 2021. 

(14) 
 Filed as Appendix A to the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed April 27, 2021. 

(15) 
 Filed as an exhibit to the Company s Form 8-K filed May 3, 2021. 

(16) 
 Filed as an exhibit to the Company s Form 8-K filed June 9, 2021. 

(17) 
 Filed as an exhibit to the Company s Form 8-K filed August 19, 2021. 

(18) 
 Filed as an exhibit to the Company s Form 8-K filed September 9, 2021. 

(19) 
 Filed as an exhibit to the Company s Form 8-K filed August 23, 2022. 

(20) 
 Filed as an exhibit to the Company s Form 8-K filed October 19, 2022. 

(21) 
 Filed as Appendix A to the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed October 28, 2022. 

(22) 
 Filed as an exhibit to the Company s Form 8-K filed 8-K filed December 8, 2022. 

(23) 
 Filed as an exhibit to the Company s Form 8-K filed 8-K filed February 7, 2023. 

(24) 
 Filed as an exhibit to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed February 28, 2023. 

(b) 
 No
 financial statement schedules have been provided because the information is not required or is shown either in the financial statements
 or the notes thereto. 

59 

Signatures 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

DIGITAL
 ALLY, INC., 

a
 Nevada corporation 

By: 
 /s/
 Stanton E. Ross 

Stanton
 E. Ross 

Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

Dated: 
 March
 31, 2023 

Each
person whose signature appears below authorizes Stanton E. Ross to execute in the name of each such person who is then an officer or
director of the registrant, and to file, any amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K necessary or advisable to enable the registrant
to comply with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and any rules, regulations and requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission
in respect thereof, which amendments may make such changes in such Report as such attorney-in-fact may deem appropriate. 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on
behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature
 and Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Stanton E. Ross 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Stanton
 E. Ross, Director and Chief Executive Officer 

/s/
 Leroy C. Richie 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Leroy
 C. Richie, Director 

/s/
 Michael J. Caulfield 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Michael
 J. Caulfield, Director 

/s /
 Daniel F. Hutchins 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Daniel
 F. Hutchins, Director 

/s/
 Thomas J. Heckman 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Thomas
J. Heckman, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary, Treasurer and Principal Accounting Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

60 

DIGITAL
 ALLY, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 INDEX
 TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 Page(s) 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No: 
 
 F-2 

Consolidated
 Financial Statements: 

Consolidated Balance Sheets December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-6 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-7 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-8 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F-9 

F- 1 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To
the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Digital Ally, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Digital Ally, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31,
2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the years in
the two year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion,
the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and
2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flow for each of the years in the two year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

The
Company s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note
1 to the financial statements, the Company has incurred substantial operating losses and will require additional capital to continue
as a going concern. This raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s
plans regarding these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments to reflect the possible
future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classification of liabilities that may result from
the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statement are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws
and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

The
critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements
that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relate to accounts or disclosures that are
material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The
communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole,
and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the
accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

F- 2 

Goodwill,
Indefinite Life Intangibles and Other Intangibles Impairment Assessments Entertainment/Ticketing Reporting Unit Refer
to Notes 1, 8 and 22 to the consolidated financial statements 

Critical
Audit Matter Description 

As
described in Note 22 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s goodwill and indefinite life intangible asset balance
was 5,886,547 and 600,000, respectively as of December 31, 2022. The Company also has amortizable identifiable intangible assets of
 5,600,000 and 600,000 which are being amortized over 5 years and 4 years, respectively, and are related to the Entertainment/Ticketing
reporting unit. Management tests these assets annually for impairment or more frequently when potential impairment triggering events
are present. Goodwill is tested for impairment by comparing the estimated fair value of a reporting unit to its carrying value. Management
uses a market approach to estimate the fair value of its reporting unit. The key assumptions and estimates utilized in the market approach
primarily include market multiples, peer group and comparable transaction selection and selection of relevant financial matrices for
concluding the fair value of reporting unit discount rates, and future levels of revenue growth and operating margins. 

The
principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the goodwill and intangible asset impairment assessments
of the Entertainment/Ticketing reporting unit is a critical audit matter because (i) the significant judgment used by management when
determining the fair value estimates of the reporting units; (ii) the high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity and effort in performing
procedures and evaluating the significant assumptions used in management s fair value estimates; and (iii) the audit effort involved
in the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. 

How
the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 

Addressing
the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated
financial statements. 

These
 procedures included, among others, (i) testing management s process for determining
 the fair value estimates of the entertainment/ticketing reporting unit; (ii) testing the
 completeness and accuracy of the underlying data used in the market approach; and (iii) evaluating
 the reasonableness of the significant assumptions used by management related to market multiples,
 peer group and comparable transaction selection and selection of relevant financial matrices
 for concluding the fair value of reporting unit discount rates, and future levels of revenue
 growth and operating margins. 
 
 Evaluating
 management s assumptions related to the future levels of revenue growth and operating
 margins involved evaluating whether the assumptions were reasonable considering (i) current
 and past performance of the reporting units; (ii) the consistency with external market and
 industry data; and (iii) whether these assumptions were consistent with evidence obtained
 in other areas of the audit. 
 
 Professionals
 with specialized skill and knowledge were used to assist in evaluating (i) the appropriateness
 of the market approach and (ii) the reasonableness of significant assumptions related to
 the market multiples, peer group and comparable transaction selection and selection of relevant
 financial matrices for concluding the fair value of reporting unit discount rates, and future
 levels of revenue growth and operating margins. 

Goodwill
and Other Intangibles arising from the acquisition of Healthcare Acquisition and Medical Billing Acquisitions Refer to Notes
1, 8 and 21 to the consolidated financial statements 

Critical
Audit Matter Description 

As
disclosed in Note 1, Goodwill arises in connection with acquisitions. The excess purchase price over the fair value of net tangible assets
and identifiable intangible assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. 

As
disclosed in Note 21, on June 30, 2021, August 31, 2021 and January 1, 2022 the Company completed acquisitions in accordance with the
stock purchase agreement. The consideration included an initial payment of cash. In addition to the initial payment amount, the Company
agreed to issue an earn-out agreement to the selling stockholders in the contingent amount of 1,750,000 that is subject to an earn-out
adjustment based on difference between projected revenue and cash basis revenue collected by the Company in its normal course of business
from the clients existing on the acquisition date during the measurement period. The Company gave a fair value of 1,750,000 to the earn-out
on the date of acquisition which is considered a contingent liability. Auditing the accounting for the acquisition was complex due to
the significant estimation uncertainty in determining the fair values of identified intangible assets, which consisted of Client Agreements
 664,034 and Goodwill of 5,480,966. 

F- 3 

Given
the significant judgments made by management to estimate the intangible assets acquired, performing audit procedures to evaluate the
reasonableness of management s estimates and assumptions required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased effort, including
the need to involve our fair value specialists. 

How
the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 

Addressing
the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated
financial statements. These procedures included, among others: 

We
 utilized personnel with specialized knowledge and skill in valuation to assist in; a) assessing
 the appropriateness of Multi-Period Excess Earnings Method - valuation methodology for the
 client agreements intangible asset, b) evaluating the reasonableness of the growth
 rates, percent of revenues derived from acquired customers, medical loss ratio, operating
 costs, contributory asset charge and discount rate used in the income approach, c) evaluating
 the reasonableness of the assumptions and estimates used in the valuation methodologies. 
 
 Evaluate
 the reasonableness of management s significant estimates and assumptions including
 revenue growth rates, percent of revenues derived from acquired customers, medical loss ratio,
 operating costs, contributory asset charge and discount rates and futures market conditions. 
 
 Evaluate
 if there have been events and circumstances that might indicate Goodwill has been impaired. 
 
 Professionals
 with specialized skill and knowledge were used to assist in evaluating (i) the appropriateness
 of the income approach and (ii) the reasonableness of significant assumptions. 
 
 Reviewed
 and assessed the appropriateness of adjustments to Goodwill, Other Intangibles and other
 Assets and Liabilities acquired based on changes to their estimated fair values. 

/s/

We
 have served as the Company s auditor since 2019. 

March
 31, 2023 
 PCAOB
 ID Number 587 

F- 4 

DIGITAL
ALLY, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable-trade, less allowance for doubtful accounts of 2022 and 2021 

Other receivables (including due from related parties 2022 and 2021, refer to Note 19) 

Inventories, net 

Prepaid expenses 

Total current assets 

Property, plant, and equipment, net 

Goodwill and other intangible assets, net 

Operating lease right of use assets, net 

Other assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities and Equity 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Current portion of operating lease obligations 

Contract liabilities current 

Debt obligations current 

Warrant derivative liabilities 

Income taxes payable 

Total current liabilities 

Long-term liabilities: 

Debt obligations long term 

Operating lease obligation long term 

Contract liabilities long term 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 
 - 
 - 

Mezzanine equity: 

Series A Convertible Redeemable Preferred stock, 
 par value; shares issued: 
 2022 and 
 2021 

Series B Convertible Redeemable Preferred stock, 
 par value; shares issued: 
 2022 and 
 2021 

Equity: 

Common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued: 2022 and 2021 

Additional paid in capital 

Noncontrolling interest in consolidated subsidiary 

Accumulated deficit 

Total equity 

Total liabilities and equity 

See
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

F- 5 

DIGITAL
ALLY, INC. 
CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenue: 

Product 

Service and other 

Total revenue 

Cost of revenue: 

Product 

Service and other 

Total cost of revenue 

Gross profit 

Selling, general and administrative expenses: 

Research and development expense 

Selling, advertising and promotional expense 

General and administrative expense 

Total selling, general and administrative expenses 

Operating loss 

Other income (expense): 

Interest income 

Interest expense 

Other expense 

Change in fair value of short-term investments 

Change in fair value of warrant derivative liabilities 

Change in fair value of contingent consideration promissory notes and earn-out agreements 

Warrant modification expense 

Gain on the extinguishment of debt 

Gain on extinguishment of warrant derivative liabilities 

Gain on sale of property, plant and equipment 

Total other income 

Income (loss) before income tax expense (benefit) 

Income tax expense (benefit) 

Net income (loss) 

Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests of consolidated subsidiary 

Loss on redemption Series A B convertible redeemable preferred stock 

Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders 

Net income (loss) per share attributable to common information: 

Basic 

Diluted 

Weighted average shares outstanding: 

Basic 

Diluted 

See
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

F- 6 

DIGITAL
ALLY, INC. 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY 

 YEARS
ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Noncontrolling 

Additional 
 
 Interest
 in 

Common
 Stock 
 Paid
 In 
 Treasury 
 consolidated 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 stock 
 subsidiary 
 deficit 
 Total 
 
 Balance, December
 31, 2020 

Stock-based compensation 

Restricted common stock grant 

Restricted common stock forfeitures 

Issuance of common stock through
 registered direct offering at 
 per share and accompanying warrants (net of
 offering expenses and placement agent discount) 

Issuance of common stock through
 registered direct offering at 
 per share and accompanying warrants (net of
 offering expenses and placement agent discount) 

Exercise of pre-funded common
 stock purchase warrants at 
 per share 

Exercise of pre-funded common
 stock purchase warrants at 
 per share 

Issuance of pre-funded common
 stock purchase warrants in connection with the registered direct offerings 

Issuance of common stock purchase
 warrants at exercise price of 
 per share in connection with the registered
 direct offerings 

Issuance of common stock as
 consideration for acquisition 

Repurchase and cancellation
 of common stock 

Cancellation of treasury stock 

Net income 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Balance 

Stock-based compensation 

Restricted common stock grant 

Restricted common stock forfeitures 

Distribution to noncontrolling
 interest in consolidated subsidiary 

Issuance of common stock under
 rule 144 restrictions related to contemplated spin-off transaction 

Repurchase and cancellation
 of common stock 

Issuance of common stock through
 warrant exchange agreement 

Loss on redemption of Series
 A and Series B Preferred Stock 

Net income (loss) 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

Balance 

See
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

F- 7 

DIGITAL
ALLY, INC. 
CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 YEARS
ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net income (loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash flows used in operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Gain on sale of property, plant and equipment 

Stock based compensation 

Provision for doubtful accounts receivable 

Provision for doubtful lease receivable 

Gain on extinguishment of debt 

Change in fair value of contingent consideration promissory notes and earn-out agreements 

Change in fair value of warrant derivative liability 

Gain of extinguishment of warrant derivative liabilities 

Warrant modification expense 

Provision for inventory obsolescence 

Change in operating assets and liabilities: 

(Increase) decrease in: 

Accounts receivable trade 

Accounts receivable other (including related party) 

Inventories 

Prepaid expenses 

Operating lease right of use assets 

Other assets 

Increase (decrease) in: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Income taxes payable 

Operating lease obligations 

Contract liabilities 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Purchases of property, plant and equipment 

Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment 

Purchases of intangible assets 

Proceeds from sale of intangible assets 

Cash paid for acquisition of Medical Billing Company 

Cash paid for acquisition of Medical Billing Company 

Cash paid for acquisition of Medical Billing Company 

Cash paid for asset acquisition of Medical Billing Company 

Cash paid for acquisition of TicketSmarter 

Collection of notes receivable 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock upon exercise of pre-funded warrants 

Net proceeds from sale of common stock in registered direct offerings 

Repurchase and cancellation of common stock 

Distribution to noncontrolling interest in consolidated subsidiary 

Principal payment on contingent consideration promissory notes 

Proceeds from issuance of Series A B convertible redeemable preferred shares,
 net of issuance costs 

Redemption of Series A B convertible redeemable
 preferred shares 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash, cash equivalents, beginning of year 

Cash, cash equivalents, end of year 

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: 

Cash payments for interest 

Cash payments for income taxes 

Supplemental disclosures of non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Restricted common stock grant 

Restricted common stock forfeitures 

Issuance of contingent consideration earn-out agreement for business acquisitions 

Issuance of contingent consideration promissory note for business acquisitions 

Issuance of contingent consideration promissory note for asset acquisitions 

Assets acquired in business acquisitions 

Identifiable intangible assets acquired in business acquisitions 

Goodwill acquired in business acquisitions 

Liabilities assumed in business acquisitions 

ROU and lease liability recorded on extension of lease 

Common stock issued as consideration for business acquisitions 

Amounts allocated to initial measurement of warrant derivative liabilities in connection to the warrants and pre-funded warrants 

Issuance of common stock through warrant exchange agreement 

Cancellation of treasury stock 

See
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

F- 8 

DIGITAL
ALLY, INC. 
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(the Reverse Stock Split of the shares of its common stock. The Reverse Stock Split was
effective as of time of filing. No fractional shares were issued in connection with the Reverse Stock Split. Any fractional shares
of our Common Stock that would have otherwise resulted from the Reverse Stock Split were rounded up to the nearest whole number. In
connection with the Reverse Stock Split, the board of directors of the Company approved appropriate and proportional adjustments to
all outstanding securities or other rights convertible or exercisable into shares of the Company s common stock, including, without
limitation, all preferred stock, warrants, options, and other equity compensation rights. All historical share and per-share amounts
reflected throughout the Company s consolidated financial statements and other financial information in this Report have been adjusted to
reflect the Reverse Stock Split as if the split occurred as of the earliest period presented. The par value per share of the Company s common
stock was not affected by the Reverse Stock Split. 

The
following is a summary of the Company s Significant Accounting Policies: 

Service
and other revenue is comprised of revenues from extended warranties, repair services, cloud revenue and software revenue. Revenue is
recognized upon shipment of the product and acceptance of the service or materials by the end customer for repair services. Revenue for
extended warranty, cloud service or other software-based products is over the term of the contract warranty or service period. A time-elapsed
method is used to measure progress because the Company transfers control evenly over the contractual period. Accordingly, the fixed consideration
related to these revenues is generally recognized on a straight-line basis over the contract term, as long as the other revenue recognition
criteria have been met. 

The
Company s multiple performance obligations may include future in-car or body-worn camera devices to be delivered at defined points
within a multi-year contract, and in those arrangements, the Company allocates total arrangement consideration over the life of the multi-year
contract to future deliverables using management s best estimate of selling price. 

Revenue
Cycle Management 

The
Company reports revenue cycle management revenues on a net basis, as its primary source of revenue is its end-to-end service fees which
is generally determined as a percentage of the invoice amounts collected. These service fees are reported as revenue monthly upon completion
of the Company s performance obligation to provide the agreed upon service. 

Entertainment 

The
Company reports ticketing revenue on a gross or net basis based on management s assessment of whether the Company is acting as
a principal or agent in the transaction. The determination is based upon the evaluation of control over the event ticket, including the
right to sell the ticket, prior to its transfer to the ticket buyer. 

The
Company sells tickets held in inventory, which consists of one performance obligation, being to transfer control of an event ticket to
the buyer upon confirmation of the order. The Company acts as the principal in these transactions as the ticket is owned by the Company
at the time of sale, therefore controlling the ticket prior to transferring to the customer. In these transactions, revenue is recorded
on a gross basis based on the value of the ticket and is recognized when an order is confirmed. Payment is typically due upon delivery
of the ticket. 

The
Company also acts as an intermediary between buyers and sellers through online secondary marketplace. Revenues derived from this
marketplace primarily consist of service fees from ticketing operations, and consists of one primary performance obligation, which is
facilitating the transaction between the buyer and seller, being satisfied at the time the order has been confirmed. As the Company does
not control the ticket prior to the transfer, the Company acts as an agent in these transactions. Revenue is recognized on a net basis,
net of the amount due to the seller when an order is confirmed, the seller is then obligated to deliver the tickets to the buyer per
the seller s listing. Payment is due at the time of sale. 

Other 

Contract
liabilities consist of deferred revenue and include payments received in advance of performance under the contract and are reported separately
as current liabilities and non-current liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Such amounts consist of extended warranty contracts,
prepaid cloud services and prepaid installation services and are generally recognized as the respective performance obligations are satisfied.
During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized revenue of million related to its contract liabilities. Contract
liabilities consist of deferred revenue and include payments received in advance of performance under the contract and are reported separately
as current liabilities and non-current liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Such amounts consist of extended warranty contracts,
prepaid cloud services and prepaid installation services and are generally recognized as the respective performance obligations are satisfied.
Total contract liabilities consist of the following: 

Contract liabilities, non-current 

December 31, 2021 

December 31, 2020 
 Additions/Reclass 
 Recognized Revenue 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Contract liabilities, current 

Contract liabilities, non-current 

Sales
returns and allowances aggregated and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Obligations for
estimated sales returns and allowances are recognized at the time of sales on an accrual basis. The accrual is determined based upon
historical return rates adjusted for known changes in key variables affecting these return rates. 

Short-term investments with original maturities of 90 days or less (Level 1): 

Money market funds 

December 31, 2021 

Adjusted Cost 
 Unrealized Gains 
 Unrealized Losses 
 Fair Value 
 
 Demand deposits 

Short-term investments with original maturities of 90 days or less (Level 1): 

Money market funds 

Mutual funds 

The
Company maintains its cash and cash equivalents in banks insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) in accounts that
at times may be in excess of the federally insured limit of per bank. The Company minimizes this risk by placing its cash deposits
with numerous major financial institutions. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the uninsured balance amounted to and ,
respectively. 

The
Company determines the fair value of its reporting units using the market approach. Under the market approach, we estimate the fair
value based on multiples of comparable public companies and precedent transactions. Significant estimates in the market approach
include: identifying similar companies with comparable business factors such as size, growth, profitability, risk and return on
investment, and assessing comparable revenue and operating income multiples in estimating the fair value of the reporting unit. 

Long-lived
and Other Intangible Assets - The Company periodically assesses potential impairments of its long-lived assets in accordance with
the provisions of ASC 360, Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-lived Assets . An impairment review is performed whenever
events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the assets may not be recoverable. The Company groups its assets
at the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent of the cash flows of the other assets and liabilities.
The Company has determined that the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are available is the operating segment level. 

Factors
considered by the Company include, but are not limited to, significant underperformance relative to historical or projected operating
results; significant changes in the manner of use of the acquired assets or the strategy for the overall business; and significant negative
industry or economic trends. When the carrying value of a long-lived asset may not be recoverable based upon the existence of one or
more of the above indicators of impairment, the Company estimates the future undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use
of the asset and its eventual disposition. If the sum of the expected future undiscounted cash flows and eventual disposition is less
than the carrying amount of the asset, the Company recognizes an impairment loss. An impairment loss is reflected as the amount by which
the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the fair value of the asset, based on the fair value if available, or discounted cash flows,
if fair value is not available. The Company assessed potential impairments of its long-lived assets as of December 31, 2022 and concluded
that there was no impairment. 

Long-lived assets such as property, plant and equipment and purchased intangible assets subject to amortization are
reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable.
If circumstances require a long-lived asset or asset group be tested for possible impairment, the Company first compares undiscounted
cash flows expected to be generated by that asset or asset group to its carrying value. If the carrying value of the long-lived asset
or asset group is not recoverable on an undiscounted cash flow basis, an impairment is recognized to the extent that the carrying value
exceeds its fair value. Fair value is determined through various valuation techniques, including discounted cash flow models, quoted market
values and third-party appraisals, as considered necessary. 

Intangible
assets include deferred patent costs and license agreements. Legal expenses incurred in preparation of patent application have been deferred
and will be amortized over the useful life of granted patents. Costs incurred in preparation of applications that are not granted will
be charged to expense at that time. The Company has entered into several sublicense agreements under which it has been assigned the exclusive
rights to certain licensed materials used in its products. These sublicense agreements generally require upfront payments to obtain the
exclusive rights to such material. The Company capitalizes the upfront payments as intangible assets and amortizes such costs over their
estimated useful life on a straight-line method. 

As
these service parts age over the related product group s post-production service life, we reduce the net carrying value of our
repairable spare part inventory on the consolidated balance sheet to account for the excess that builds over the service life. The post-production
service life of our systems is generally seven to twelve years and, at the end of twelve years, the carrying value for these parts in
our consolidated balance sheet is reduced to zero. We also perform periodic monitoring of our installed base for premature end of service
life events and expense, through cost of sales, the remaining net carrying value of any related spare parts inventory in the period incurred. 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021, respectively. Such costs are included in selling, general and administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Such costs are included
in selling, advertising and promotional expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

of being realized upon ultimate settlement with the tax authority assuming full knowledge of the position
and all relevant facts. Application requires numerous estimates based on available information. The Company considers many factors when
evaluating and estimating its tax positions and tax benefits, and it recognized tax positions and tax benefits may not accurately anticipate
actual outcomes. As it obtains additional information, the Company may need to periodically adjust its recognized tax positions and tax
benefits. These periodic adjustments may have a material impact on its Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

The
Company s policy is to record estimated interest and penalties related to the underpayment of income taxes as income tax expense
in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. There was interest expense related to the underpayment of estimated taxes during the
years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. There were penalties in 2022 and 2021. 

The
Company is subject to taxation in the United States and various states. As of December 31, 2022, the Company s tax returns filed
for 2019, 2020 and 2021 and to be filed for 2022 are subject to examination by the relevant taxing authorities. With a few exceptions,
as of December 31, 2022, the Company is no longer subject to Federal, state, or local examinations by tax authorities for taxable years
prior to 2019. 

allowance was deemed necessary
for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

. Principal payment,
since its inception, on this promissory note totaled as of December 31, 2022, resulting in a remaining balance of 
maturing . 

In
June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments Credit Losses to improve information on credit losses
for financial assets and net investment in leases that are not accounted for at fair value through net income. ASU 2016-13 replaces the
current incurred loss impairment methodology with a methodology that reflects expected credit losses. In April 2019 and May 2019, the
FASB issued ASU No. 2019-04, Codification Improvements to Topic 326, Financial Instruments-Credit Losses, Topic 815, Derivatives
and Hedging, and Topic 825, Financial Instruments and ASU No. 2019-05, Financial Instruments-Credit Losses (Topic 326):
Targeted Transition Relief which provided additional implementation guidance on the previously issued ASU. In November 2019, the
FASB issued ASU 2019-10, Financial Instruments - Credit Loss (Topic 326), Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815), and Leases (Topic
842), which defers the effective date for public filers that are considered small reporting companies SRC as defined
by the Securities and Exchange Commission to fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022, including interim periods within those fiscal
years. Since the Company is an SRC, implementation is not needed until January 1, 2023. The Company will continue to evaluate the effect
of adopting ASU 2016-13 will have on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

million
for the year ended December 31, 2022 and million during the year ended December 31, 2021 and it had an accumulated deficit of 
million as of December 31, 2022. In recent years the Company has accessed the public and private capital markets to raise funding through
the issuance of debt and equity. In that regard, the Company raised approximately million in the year ended December 31, 2021 through
two underwritten public offerings. These equity raises were utilized to fund its operations and acquisitions. Management expects to continue
this pattern until it achieves positive cash flows from operations, although it can offer no assurance in this regard. 

The
Company will have to restore positive operating cash flows and profitability over the next year and/or raise additional capital to fund
its operational plans, meet its customary payment obligations and otherwise execute its business plan. There can be no assurance that
it will be successful in restoring positive cash flows and profitability, or that it can raise additional financing when needed, and
obtain it on terms acceptable or favorable to the Company. 

The
Company has increased its contract liabilities to nearly million as of December 31, 2022, which results in recurring revenue
during the period of 2023 to 2026. The Company believes that its quality control and cost cutting initiatives, expansion to non-law enforcement
sales channels and new product introduction will eventually restore positive operating cash flows and profitability, although it can
offer no assurances in this regard. 

The
Company has significantly cut costs in its entertainment segment through the removal of several large partnerships and sponsorships.
These were not yielding the results management expected; thus, it is not expected that these costs with significantly hinder total revenues
in 2023 and beyond. 

In
addition to the initiatives described above, the Board of Directors is conducting a review of a full range of strategic alternatives
to best position the Company for the future including, but not limited to, the sale of all or certain assets, properties or groups of
properties or individual businesses or merger or combination with another company. The result of this review may also include the continued
implementation of the Company s business plan. There can be no assurance that any additional transactions or financings will result
from this process. 

Based
on the uncertainties described above, the Company believes its business plan does not alleviate the existence of substantial doubt about
its ability to continue as a going concern within one year from the date of the issuance of these consolidated financial statements.
The accompanying consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments related to the recoverability and classification of
asset amounts or the classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

as of December
31, 2022 and as of December 31, 2021. 

The
Company maintains its cash and cash equivalents in banks insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) in accounts that
at times may be in excess of the federally insured limit of per bank. The Company minimizes this risk by placing its cash deposits
with major financial institutions. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the uninsured balance amounted to and , respectively.
The Company uses primarily a network of unaffiliated distributors for international sales and an employee-based direct sales force for
domestic sales. No international distributor individually exceeded of total revenues. No one individual customer receivable balance
exceeded of total accounts receivable as of December 31, 2022. 

The
Company s video solutions segment purchases finished circuit boards and other proprietary component parts from suppliers located
in the United States and on a limited basis from Asia. Although the Company obtains certain of these components from single source suppliers,
it generally owns all tooling and management has located alternative suppliers to reduce the risk in most cases to supplier problems
that could result in significant production delays. The Company has not historically experienced significant supply disruptions from
any of its principal vendors and does not anticipate future supply disruptions. The Company acquires most of its components on a purchase
order basis and does not have long-term contracts with its suppliers. 

Provision for bad debts 

Charge-offs to allowance, net of recoveries 

Ending balance 

Lease
 receivable 

Other 

Total
 other assets 

Notes
receivable increased by over 
million at December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021, primarily due to a note receivable issued by the Company during 2022.
The Company entered into a promissory note, through its entertainment segment, as part of a co-marketing agreement, with a principal
amount of . Principal payment, since its inception, on this promissory note totaled as of December 31, 2022,
resulting in a remaining balance of maturing . Lease receivable increased by nearly 
million primarily due to increased sales under the Company s subscription model during 2022. The Company determines if an allowance for doubtful accounts by regularly evaluating notes receivable and individual
customer lease receivables, by considering a customer s financial condition, credit history, and current economic conditions. 
allowance was deemed necessary for the year ended December 31, 2022. Other receivables relate to a related party receivable further described
in Note 19. 

Work-in-process video solutions segment 

Finished goods video solutions segment 

Finished goods entertainment segment 

Subtotal 

Reserve for excess and obsolete inventory video solutions segment 

Reserve for excess and obsolete inventory entertainment segment 

Total inventories 

Finished
goods inventory includes units held by potential customers and sales agents for test and evaluation purposes. The cost of such units
totaled and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Prepaid advertising 

Other 

Total prepaid expenses 

Prepaid
expenses decreased by nearly million primarily due to a decline in prepaid inventory purchases and advertising expenses in 2022. 

years 

Land 

Office furniture, fixtures, equipment, and aircraft 
 - years 

Warehouse and production equipment 
 - years 

Demonstration and tradeshow equipment 
 - years 

Building improvements 
 - years 

Rental equipment 
 - years 

Total cost 

Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization 

Net property, plant and equipment 

Depreciation
and amortization of property, plant and equipment aggregated and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
The cost and accumulated depreciation related to assets sold or retired are removed from the accounts and any gain or loss is credited
or charged to income. The Company retired fixed assets during 2022 totaling resulting in a gain on sale of assets of 
for the year ended December 31, 2022 on the Company s Consolidated Statement of Operations. The Company retired fixed assets during 2021 totaling all of which
were fully depreciated resulting in no gain or loss for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Patents and trademarks (video solutions segment) 

Sponsorship agreement network (entertainment segment) 

SEO content (entertainment segment) 

Personal seat licenses (entertainment segment) 

Client agreements (revenue cycle management segments) 

Indefinite life intangible assets: 

Goodwill (entertainment and revenue cycle management segments) 

Trade name (entertainment segment) 

Patents and trademarks pending (video solutions segment) 

Total 

Patents
and trademarks pending will be amortized beginning at the time they are issued by the appropriate authorities. If issuance of the final
patent or trademark is denied, then the amount deferred will be immediately charged to expense. 

Amortization
expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. Estimated amortization for intangible
assets with definite lives for the next five years ending December 31, 2022, and thereafter is as follows: 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 and thereafter 

Total 

Sponsorship network 

Other 

Total other assets 

Contingent consideration promissory note Nobility Healthcare Division Acquisition 

Contingent consideration promissory note Nobility Healthcare Division Acquisition 

Contingent consideration promissory note Nobility Healthcare Division Acquisition 

Contingent consideration promissory note Nobility Healthcare Division Acquisition 

Debt obligations 

Less: current maturities of debt obligations 

Debt obligations, long-term 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 and thereafter 

Total 

2020
Small Business Administration Notes . 

On
May 12, 2020, the Company received in loan funding from the SBA under the EIDL program administered by the SBA, which program
was expanded pursuant to the recently enacted CARES Act. The EIDL is evidenced by an unsecured promissory note, dated May 8, 2020, in
the original principal amount of with the SBA, the lender. 

Under
the terms of the note issued under the EIDL program, interest accrues on the outstanding principal at the rate of per annum. The
term of such note is thirty years, though it may be payable sooner upon an event of default under such note. Monthly principal and interest
payments began in November 2022, after being deferred for thirty months after the date of disbursement and total per month thereafter. Such note may be prepaid
in part or in full, at any time, without penalty. The Company granted the secured party a continuing interest in and to any and all collateral,
including but not limited to tangible and intangible personal property. 

Contingent
Consideration Promissory Notes 

On
June 30, 2021, Nobility Healthcare, a subsidiary of the Company, issued a contingent consideration promissory note (the June Contingent
Note in connection with a stock purchase agreement between Nobility Healthcare and a private company (the June Seller of . The Contingent Note has a three-year term and bears interest at a rate of per annum. Quarterly principal and interest
payments are deferred for six months and is due in equal quarterly installments on the seventh business day of each quarter. The principal
amount of the June Contingent Note is subject to an earn-out adjustment, being the difference between the (the June Projected
Revenue and the cash basis revenue (the June Measurement Period Revenue collected by the June Seller in its normal
course of business from the clients existing on June 30, 2021, during the period from October 1, 2021 through September 30, 2022 (the
 June Measurement Period measured on a quarterly basis and annualized as of the relevant period. If the June Measurement
Period Revenue is less than the June Projected Revenue, such amount will be subtracted from the principal balance of this June Contingent
Note on a dollar-for-dollar basis. If the June Measurement Period Revenue is more than the June Projected Revenue, such amount will be
added to the principal balance of this June Contingent Note on a dollar-for-dollar basis. In no event will the principal balance of this
June Contingent Note become a negative number. The maximum downward earn-out adjustment to the principal balance will be to zero. There
are no limits to the increases to the principal balance of the June Contingent Note as a result of the earn-out adjustments. 

The
June Contingent Payment Note is considered to be additional purchase price, therefore the estimated fair value of the contingent liability
is recorded as a liability at the acquisition date and the fair value is considered part of the consideration paid for the acquisition.
Management has recorded the contingent consideration promissory note at its estimated fair value of at the acquisition date.
Principal payments, since its inception, on this contingent consideration promissory note totaled . The estimated fair value
of the June Contingent Note at December 31, 2022 is , representing a decrease in its estimated fair value of as compared
to its estimated fair value as of December 31, 2021. Therefore, the Company recorded a gain of and in the Consolidated
Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

On
August 31, 2021, Nobility Healthcare, issued another contingent consideration promissory note (the August Contingent Payment Note in connection with a stock purchase agreement between Nobility Healthcare and a private company (the August Sellers of
 . The August Contingent Payment Note has a three-year term and bears interest at a rate of per annum. Quarterly principal
and interest payments are deferred for six months and is due in equal quarterly installments on the seventh business day of each quarter.
The principal amount of the August Contingent Payment Note is subject to an earn-out adjustment, being the difference between the 
(the August Projected Revenue and the cash basis revenue (the August Measurement Period Revenue collected
by the August Sellers in its normal course of business from the clients existing on September 1, 2021, during the period from December
1, 2021 through November 30, 2022 (the August Measurement Period measured on a quarterly basis and annualized as of the
relevant period. If the August Measurement Period Revenue is less than the August Projected Revenue, such amount will be subtracted from
the principal balance of this August Contingent Payment Note on a dollar-for-dollar basis. If the August Measurement Period Revenue is
more than the August Projected Revenue, such amount will be added to the principal balance of this August Contingent Payment Note on
a dollar-for-dollar basis. In no event will the principal balance of this August Contingent Payment Note become a negative number. The
maximum downward earn-out adjustment to the principal balance will be to zero. There are no limits to the increases to the principal
balance of the August Contingent Payment Note as a result of the earn-out adjustments. 

The
August Contingent Payment Note is considered to be additional purchase price, therefore the estimated fair value of the contingent liability
is recorded as a liability at the acquisition date and the fair value is considered part of the consideration paid for the acquisition.
Management has recorded the contingent consideration promissory note at its estimated fair value of at the acquisition date.
Principal payments, since its inception, on this contingent consideration promissory note totaled . The estimated fair value
of the August Contingent Note at December 31, 2022 is , representing an increase in its estimated fair value of as compared
to is estimated fair value as of December 31, 2021. Therefore, the Company recorded a loss of and - - in the Consolidated Statements
of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

On
January 1, 2022, Nobility Healthcare issued another contingent consideration promissory note (the January Contingent Payment Note in connection with a stock purchase agreement between Nobility Healthcare and a private company (the January Sellers of
 . The January Contingent Payment Note has a two -and-a-half-year term and bears interest at a rate of per annum. Quarterly
principal and interest payments are deferred for seven months and is due in equal quarterly installments on the tenth business day of
each quarter. The principal amount of the January Contingent Payment Note is subject to an earn-out adjustment, being the difference
between (the January Projected Revenue and the cash basis revenue (the January Measurement Period Revenue collected by the January Sellers in its normal course of business from the clients existing on January 1, 2022, during the period from
April 1, 2022 through March 31, 2023 (the January Measurement Period measured on a quarterly basis and annualized as of
the relevant period. If the January Measurement Period Revenue is less than the January Projected Revenue, such amount will be subtracted
from the principal balance of this January Contingent Payment Note on a dollar-for-dollar basis. If the January Measurement Period Revenue
is more than the January Projected Revenue, such amount will be added to the principal balance of this January Contingent Payment Note
on a dollar-for-dollar basis. In no event will the principal balance of this January Contingent Payment Note become a negative number.
The maximum downward earn-out adjustment to the principal balance will be a reduction to zero. There are no limits to the increases to
the principal balance of the January Contingent Payment Note as a result of the earn-out adjustments. 

The
January Contingent Payment Note is considered to be additional purchase price, therefore the estimated fair value of the contingent liability
is recorded as a liability at the acquisition date and the fair value is considered part of the consideration paid for the acquisition.
Management has recorded the contingent consideration promissory note at its estimated fair value of at the acquisition date.
Principal payments, since its inception, on this contingent consideration promissory note totaled . The estimated fair value
of the January Contingent Note at December 31, 2022 is , representing a decrease in its estimated fair value of as compared
to its estimated fair value as of the inception date. Therefore, the Company recorded a gain of and - - in the Consolidated
Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

On
February 1, 2022, Nobility Healthcare issued another contingent consideration promissory note (the February Contingent Payment
Note in connection with an asset purchase agreement between Nobility Healthcare and a private company (the February Sellers of . The February Contingent Payment Note has a three-year term and bears interest at a rate of per annum. Quarterly principal
and interest payments are deferred for seven months and are due in equal quarterly installments on the tenth business day of each quarter.
The principal amount of the February Contingent Payment Note is subject to an earn-out adjustment, being the difference between 
(the February Projected Revenue and the cash basis revenue (the February Measurement Period Revenue collected
by the February Sellers in its normal course of business from the clients existing on February 1, 2022, during the period from May 1,
2022 through April 30, 2023 (the February Measurement Period measured on a quarterly basis and annualized as of the relevant
period. If the February Measurement Period Revenue is less than the February Projected Revenue, such amount will be subtracted from the
principal balance of this February Contingent Payment Note on a dollar-for-dollar basis. If the February Measurement Period Revenue is
more than the February Projected Revenue, such amount will be added to the principal balance of this February Contingent Payment Note
on a dollar-for-dollar basis. In no event will the principal balance of this February Contingent Payment Note become a negative number.
The maximum downward earn-out adjustment to the principal balance will be a reduction to zero. There are no limits to the increases to
the principal balance of the February Contingent Payment Note as a result of the earn-out adjustments. 

The
February Contingent Payment Note is considered to be additional purchase price, therefore the estimated fair value of the contingent
liability is recorded as a liability at the acquisition date and the fair value is considered part of the consideration paid for the
acquisition. Management has recorded the contingent consideration promissory note at its estimated fair value of at the acquisition
date. The estimated fair value of the February Contingent Note at December 31, 2022 is , representing a decrease in its estimated
fair value of as compared to its estimated fair value as of the inception date. Therefore, the Company recorded a gain of 
and - - in the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

Contingent
consideration earn-out Agreement TicketSmarter Acquisition 

On
September 1, 2021, TicketSmarter, Inc., a subsidiary of the Company, issued a contingent consideration earn-out agreement (the TicketSmarter
Earn-Out in connection with the Stock Purchase Agreement between TicketSmarter, Inc., Goody Tickets, LLC and TicketSmarter, LLC TicketSmarter of up to with a fair value at acquisition of . The TicketSmarter Earn-Out shall be
payable with ninety percent readily available funds and ten percent in stock consideration. The principal amount of the TicketSmarter
Earn-Out is subject to an earn-out adjustment, being the difference between the (the Projected EBITDA and the
actual EBITDA (the Measurement Period EBITDA generated by TicketSmarter in its normal course of business, during the period
from September 1, 2021 through December 31, 2021 (the Measurement Period ). If the Measurement Period EBITDA is less than
seventy percent of the Projected EBITDA, there will be zero contingent payment. If the Measurement Period EBITDA is between seventy
percent and one hundred percent of the Projected EBITDA, then a fractional amount of the contingent payment will be paid
out. If the Measurement Period EBITDA is more than the Projected EBITDA, the full principal balance of this TicketSmarter Earn-Out will
be paid out. In no event will the principal balance of this TicketSmarter Earn-Out become a negative number. The maximum downward earn-out
adjustment to the earn-out balance will be to reduce the balance to zero. 

The
contingent consideration earn-out is considered to be additional purchase price, therefore the estimated fair value of the contingent
liability is recorded as a liability at the acquisition date and the fair value is considered part of the consideration paid for the
acquisition. Management has recorded the contingent consideration earn-out at its estimated fair value of at the acquisition
date. Management determined that the actual Measurement Period EBITDA generated by TicketSmarter was less than 70 of the Projected EBITDA
threshold. Therefore, no TicketSmarter Earn-Out payments amounts were due under the agreement. Therefore, the fair value of the contingent
consideration earn-out agreement was reduced to zero, and the resulting gain of - - and was reported in our Consolidated
Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

December 31, 2021 

Level 1 
 Level 2 
 Level 3 
 Total 
 
 Liabilities: 

Warrant derivative liabilities 

Contingent consideration promissory notes and contingent consideration earn-out agreement 

Issuance
 of contingent consideration promissory note - Revenue Cycle Management Segment Business Acquisition 

Issuance
 of contingent consideration promissory note - Revenue Cycle Management Segment Asset Acquisition 

Change
 in fair value of warrant derivative liabilities 

Gain
 on extinguishment of warrant derivative liabilities 

Issuance
 of common stock through warrant exchange agreement 

Principal
 payments on contingent consideration promissory notes Revenue Cycle Management Acquisitions 

Change
 in fair value of contingent consideration promissory notes - Revenue Cycle Management Acquisitions 

Balance,
 December 31, 2022 

Accrued litigation costs 

Accrued sales commissions 

Accrued payroll and related fringes 

Accrued sales returns and allowances 

Accrued taxes 

Other 

Total accrued expenses 

Provision for warranty expense 

Charges applied to warranty reserve 

Ending balance 

State taxes, net of Federal benefit 

Stock based compensation 

Change in valuation reserve on deferred tax assets 

Termination of warrant derivative liabilities 

Contingent consideration for acquisition 

Other, net 

Income tax (provision) benefit 

The effective tax rate for the
years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 varied from the expected statutory rate due to the Company continuing to provide a valuation
allowance on net deferred tax assets. The Company determined that it was appropriate to continue the full valuation allowance on net deferred
tax assets as of December 31, 2022, primarily because of the current year operating losses. 

Start-up costs 

Inventory reserves 

Uniform capitalization of inventory costs 

Allowance for doubtful accounts receivable 

Property, plant and equipment depreciation 

Deferred revenue 

Accrued litigation reserve 

Accrued expenses 

Net operating loss carryforward 

Research and development tax credit carryforward 

State jobs credit carryforward 

Charitable contributions carryforward 

Total deferred tax assets 

Valuation reserve 

Total deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Warrant derivative liabilities 

Intangible assets 

Domestic international sales company 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

Net deferred tax assets (liability) 

The
valuation allowance on deferred tax assets totaled and as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. The Company
records the benefit it will derive in future accounting periods from tax losses and credits and deductible temporary differences as deferred
tax assets. In accordance with ASC 740, Income Taxes, the Company records a valuation allowance to reduce the carrying
value of our deferred tax assets if, based on all available evidence, it is more likely than not that some or all of the deferred tax
assets will not be realized. 

The
Company incurred operating losses in 2022 but generated income 2021 and it continues to be in a three-year cumulative loss position at
December 31, 2022 and 2021. Accordingly, the Company determined there was not sufficient positive evidence regarding its potential for
future profits to outweigh the negative evidence of our three-year cumulative loss position under the guidance provided in ASC 740. Therefore,
it determined to increase our valuation allowance by but continue to fully reserve its deferred tax assets at December 31,
2022. The Company expects to continue to maintain a full valuation allowance until it determines that it can sustain a level of profitability
that demonstrates its ability to realize these assets. To the extent the Company determines that the realization of some or all of these
benefits is more likely than not based upon expected future taxable income, a portion or all of the valuation allowance will be reversed.
Such a reversal would be recorded as an income tax benefit and, for some portion related to deductions for stock option exercises, an
increase in shareholders equity. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company had available approximately 
of Federal net operating loss carry-forwards available to offset future taxable income generated. Such tax net operating loss carry-forwards
expire between 2024 and 2042, with 
 of the tax net operating loss carry-forwards have an indefinite
life since the enactment of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017. In addition, the Company had research and development tax credit carry-forwards
totaling 
 available as of December 31, 2022, which . 

The
Internal Revenue Code contains provisions under Section 382 which limit a company s ability to utilize net operating loss carry-forwards
in the event that it has experienced a more than 50 change in ownership over a three-year period. Current estimates prepared by the
Company indicate that due to ownership changes which have occurred, approximately of its net operating loss and of
its research and development tax credit carry-forwards are currently subject to an annual limitation of approximately and
may be further limited by additional ownership changes which may occur in the future. As stated above, the net operating loss and research
and development credit carry-forwards , allowing the Company to potentially utilize all of the limited net
operating loss carry-forwards during the carry-forward period. 

As
discussed in Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, tax positions are evaluated in a two-step process. The
Company first determines whether it is more likely than not that a tax position will be sustained upon examination. If a tax position
meets the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold, it is then measured to determine the amount of benefit to recognize in the financial
statements. The tax position is measured as the largest amount of benefit that is of being realized upon ultimate
settlement. Management has identified no tax positions taken that would meet or exceed these thresholds and therefore there are no gross
interest, penalties and unrecognized tax expense/benefits that are not expected to ultimately result in payment or receipt of cash in
the consolidated financial statements. 

The
effective tax rate for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 varied from the expected statutory rate due to the Company continuing
to provide a valuation allowance on net deferred tax assets. The Company determined that it was appropriate to continue the full
valuation allowance on net deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2022, primarily because of the current year operating losses. 

The
Company s federal and state income tax returns are closed for examination purposes by relevant statute and by examination for 2018
and all prior tax years. 

to thereafter, with a . The Company is responsible for property taxes, utilities, insurance and its proportionate share of common area costs related to
its new location. The Company took possession of the leased facilities on June 15, 2020. The remaining lease term for the Company s
office and warehouse operating lease as of December 31, 2022 was forty-eight months . 

The
Company entered into an operating lease with a third party in October 2019 for copiers used for office and warehouse purposes. The terms
of the lease include monthly payments of with a . The Company has the option to purchase such
equipment at maturity for its estimated fair market value at that point in time. The remaining lease term for the Company s copier
operating lease as of December 31, 2022 was . 

On
June 30, 2021, the Company completed the acquisition of its first medical billing company, through Nobility Healthcare. Upon completion
of this acquisition, Nobility Healthcare became responsible for the operating lease for the seller s office space. The lease terms
include monthly payments ranging from 
 to 
 thereafter, with a . The Company is responsible
for property taxes, utilities, insurance and its proportionate share of common area costs related to this location. The remaining lease
term for the Company s office and warehouse operating lease as of December 31, 2022 was . 

On
August 31, 2021, the Company completed the acquisition of its second acquired medical billing company, through Nobility Healthcare.
Upon completion of this acquisition, Nobility Healthcare became responsible for the operating lease for the seller s office
space. The lease terms include monthly payments ranging from 
to 
thereafter, with a . The Company is responsible for property taxes, utilities, insurance and its proportionate share of common
area costs related to this location. The Company took possession of the leased facilities on September 1, 2021. The remaining lease
term for the Company s office and warehouse operating lease as of December 31, 2022 was . The Company plans to relocate the revenue cycle management operating segment
acquired operations to existing owned or leased facilities upon termination of this operating lease. 

On
September 1, 2021, the Company completed the acquisition of Goody Tickets, LLC and TicketSmarter, LLC through TicketSmarter. Upon
completion of this acquisition, the Company became responsible for the operating lease for TicketSmarter s office space. The
lease terms include monthly payments ranging from 
to 
thereafter, with a . The Company is responsible for property taxes, utilities, insurance and its proportionate share of
common area costs related to this location. The Company took possession of the leased facilities on September 1, 2021. The Company
signed a six-month extension for the lease, extending the remaining lease term for the Company s office and the remaining
lease term for the Company s warehouse operating lease as of December 31, 2022 was . 

On
January 1, 2022, the Company completed the acquisition of a private medical billing company, through its revenue cycle management segment.
Upon completion of this acquisition, the Company became responsible for the operating lease for the seller s office space. The
lease terms include monthly payments ranging from to , with a . The Company is responsible
for property taxes, utilities, insurance and its proportionate share of common area costs related to this location. The Company took
possession of the leased facilities on January 1, 2022. The remaining lease term for the Company s office and warehouse operating
lease as of December 31, 2022, was . 

Lease
expense related to the office spaces and copier operating leases was recorded on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Total lease
expense under the five operating leases was approximately for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

The
weighted-average remaining lease term related to the Company s lease liabilities as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021
was years and years, respectively. 

The
discount rate implicit within the Company s operating leases was not generally determinable, and therefore, the Company determined
the discount rate based on its incremental borrowing rate on the information available at commencement date. As of commencement date,
the operating lease liabilities reflect a weighted average discount rate of . 

Liabilities: 

Operating lease obligations-current portion 

Operating lease obligations-less current portion 

Total operating lease obligations 

2024 

2025 

2026 

Total undiscounted minimum future lease payments 

Imputed interest 

Total operating lease liability 

While
the ultimate resolution is unknown, based on the information currently available, we do not expect that these lawsuits will individually,
or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect to our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. However, the outcome
of any litigation is inherently uncertain and there can be no assurance that any expense, liability or damages that may ultimately result
from the resolution of these matters will be covered by our insurance or will not be in excess of amounts recognized or provided by insurance
coverage and will not have a material adverse effect on our operating results, financial condition or cash flows. 

Notice
of Delisting 

On
July 7, 2022, the Company, received a written notification (the Notice from the Listing Qualifications Department of The
Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq notifying the Company that it was not in compliance with the minimum bid price requirement
for continued listing on the Nasdaq Capital Market, as set forth under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2) (the Minimum Bid Price Requirement ),
because the closing bid price of the Company s common stock was below per share for the previous thirty (30) consecutive
business days. The Notice has no immediate effect on the listing of the Common Stock, which will continue to trade uninterrupted on the
Nasdaq Capital Market under the ticker DGLY. 

Pursuant
to Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A), the Company has been granted 180 calendar days from the date of the Notice, or until January 3,
2023 (the Compliance Period ), to regain compliance with the Minimum Bid Price Requirement. If at any time during the Compliance
Period, the bid price of the Common Stock closes at or above per share for a minimum of ten (10) consecutive business days, Nasdaq
will provide the Company with written confirmation of compliance with the Minimum Bid Price Requirement and the matter will be closed. 

On February 23, 2023, the Company received notice from Nasdaq confirming that the Company has cured its bid price deficiency
and has fully regained compliance with the Minimum Bid Price Requirement. 

General 

401
(k) Plan. The Company sponsors a 401(k) retirement savings plan for the benefit of its employees. matching contributions for employees, who elect to contribute up to 3 of their compensation to the plan and matching
contributions for employee s elective deferrals on the next 2 of their contributions . The Company made matching contributions
totaling and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Each participant is vested at all times
in employee and employer matching contributions. 

and 
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company had adopted ten separate stock option and restricted stock plans: (i) the 2005 Stock Option and
Restricted Stock Plan (the 2005 Plan ), (ii) the 2006 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan (the 2006
Plan ), (iii) the 2007 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan (the 2007 Plan ), (iv) the 2008 Stock Option and
Restricted Stock Plan (the 2008 Plan ), (v) the 2011 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan (the 2011
Plan ), (vi) the 2013 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan (the 2013 Plan ), (vii) the 2015 Stock Option and
Restricted Stock Plan (the 2015 Plan ), (viii) the 2018 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan (the 2018
Plan ), (ix) the 2020 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan (the 2020 Plan ), and (x) the 2022 Stock Option and
Restricted Stock Plan (the 2022 Plan ). The 2005 Plan, 2006 Plan, 2007 Plan, 2008 Plan, 2011 Plan, 2013 Plan, 2015
Plan, 2018 Plan, 2020 Plan and 2022 Plan are referred to as the Plans. 

These
Plans permit the grant of stock options or restricted stock to its employees, non-employee directors and others for up to a total of
 shares of common stock. The 2005 Plan terminated during 2015 with shares not awarded or underlying options, which shares
are now unavailable for issuance. Stock options granted under the 2005 Plan that remain unexercised and outstanding as of December 31,
2022 total . The 2006 Plan terminated during 2016 with shares not awarded or underlying options, which shares are now unavailable
for issuance. Stock options granted under the 2006 Plan that remain unexercised and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 total .
The 2007 Plan terminated during 2017 with shares not awarded or underlying options, which shares are now unavailable for issuance.
There are stock options granted under the 2007 Plan that remain unexercised and outstanding as of December 31, 2022. The 2008 Plan
terminated during 2018 with shares not awarded or underlying options, which shares are now unavailable for issuance. There are
no stock options granted under the 2008 Plan that remain unexercised and outstanding as of December 31, 2022. 

Our
Board of Directors adopted the 2020 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan (the 2020 Plan on June 30, 2020 and the Company s
stockholders approved the 2020 Plan at the Annual Meeting held on September 9, 2020. The Company s stockholders approved an amendment
to the 2020 Plan at the Annual Meeting held on June 22, 2021 which increased the number of shares of Common Stock authorized and reserved
for issuance under the 2020 Plan to a total of . A total of options and restricted stock have been granted under the
2020 Plan to date. The 2020 Plan also authorizes us to grant (i) to the key employees incentive stock options to purchase shares
of Common Stock and non-qualified stock options to purchase shares of Common Stock and restricted stock awards and (ii) to non-employee
directors and consultants non-qualified stock options and restricted stock. 

Our
Board of Directors adopted the 2022 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan (the 2022 Plan on October 28, 2022 and the
Company s stockholders approved the 2022 Plan at the Annual Meeting held on December 7, 2022. The number of shares of Common Stock authorized and reserved
for issuance under the 2022 Plan totals . The 2022 Plan also authorizes us to grant (i) to the key employees incentive
stock options to purchase shares of Common Stock and non-qualified stock options to purchase shares of Common Stock and restricted stock
awards and (ii) to non-employee directors and consultants non-qualified stock options and restricted stock. 

The
Company believes that such awards better align the interests of our employees with those of its stockholders. Option awards have been
granted with an exercise price equal to the market price of its stock at the date of grant with such option awards generally vesting
based on the completion of continuous service and having ten-year contractual terms. These option awards typically provide for accelerated
vesting if there is a change in control (as defined in the Plans). The Company has registered all shares of common stock that are issuable
under its Plans with the SEC. A total of shares remained available for awards under the various Plans as of December 31, 2022. 

The
fair value of each option award is estimated on the date of grant using a Black-Scholes option valuation model. 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited 

Outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Exercisable at December 31, 2021 

Options 
 Number of Shares 
 Weighted Average Exercise Price 
 
 Outstanding at January 1, 2022 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Exercisable at December 31, 2022 

The
fair value of each option award is estimated on the date of grant using a Black-Scholes option valuation model. The total estimated grant
date fair value stock options issued during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 

Risk-free rate 

Expected term 
 years 
 years 
 
 Exercise price 

The
Plans allow for the cashless exercise of stock options. This provision allows the option holder to surrender/cancel options with an intrinsic
value equivalent to the purchase/exercise price of other options exercised. There were no shares surrendered pursuant to cashless exercises
during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

At
December 31, 2022 and 2021, the aggregate intrinsic value of options outstanding was approximately - - and - -, respectively, and the
aggregate intrinsic value of options exercisable was approximately - - and - -, respectively. 

to 
 
 years 
 
 years 
 
 to 
 
 years 
 
 years 
 
 to 
 
 years 
 
 years 

years 
 
 years 

Restricted
stock grants. The Board of Directors has granted restricted stock awards under the Plans. Restricted stock awards are valued
on the date of grant and have no purchase price for the recipient. Restricted stock awards typically vest over one to four years corresponding
to anniversaries of the grant date. Under the Plans, unvested shares of restricted stock awards may be forfeited upon the termination
of service to or employment with the Company, depending upon the circumstances of termination. Except for restrictions placed on the
transferability of restricted stock, holders of unvested restricted stock have full stockholder s rights, including voting rights
and the right to receive cash dividends. 

Granted 

Vested 

Forfeited 

Nonvested balance, December 31, 2021 

Number of Restricted shares 
 Weighted average grant date fair value 
 
 Nonvested balance, January 1, 2022 

Granted 

Vested 

Forfeited 

Nonvested balance, December 31, 2022 

The
Company estimated the fair market value of these restricted stock grants based on the closing market price on the date of the grant.
As of December 31, 2022, there were of total unrecognized compensation costs related to all remaining non-vested restricted
stock grants, which will be amortized over the next forty-eight months in accordance with their respective vesting scale. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

shares of common stock at to per share as of December 31, 2022. and certain of the outstanding warrants allow for cashless exercise. 

On
January 14, 2021 and February 1, 2021, the Company issued warrants to purchase a total of shares of Common Stock. The warrant
terms provide for net cash settlement outside the control of the Company under certain circumstances in the event of tender offers. As
such, the Company is required to treat these warrants as derivative liabilities which are valued at their estimated fair value at their
issuance date and at each reporting date with any subsequent changes reported in the consolidated statements of operations as the change
in fair value of warrant derivative liabilities. Furthermore, the Company re-values the fair value of warrant derivative liability as
of the date the warrant is exercised with the resulting warrant derivative liability transitioned to change in fair value of warrant
derivative liabilities through the consolidated statement of operations. 

On
August 19, 2021, the Company entered into a Warrant Exchange Agreement (the Exchange Agreement with the Investors cancelling
February Warrants exercisable for an aggregate of shares of Common Stock in consideration for its issuance of (i) new warrants
(the Exchange Warrants to the Investors exercisable for an aggregate of up to shares of Common Stock. The Company
also issued warrants (the Replacement Original Warrants replacing the February Warrants for the remaining shares of Common
Stock exercisable thereunder, representing an aggregate of shares of Common Stock, and extended the expiration date of the
February Warrants to . The Exchange Warrants provide for an initial exercise price of per share, subject to customary
adjustments thereunder, and are immediately exercisable upon issuance for cash and on a cashless basis. On the date of the exchange,
the Company calculated the fair value, using the Black-Scholes method, of the cancelled February Warrants and the newly issued Exchange
Warrants, the difference in fair value measurement of the respective warrants was attributed to warrant modification expense in the consolidated
statement of operations. 

On
the date of the exchange, the February Warrants and Exchange Warrants were valued at and using the original and
modified expiry date of the warrants, respectively, using the Black-Scholes method. The difference of was accordingly recorded
as a warrant modification expense in the consolidated statement of operations. 

Risk-free rate 

Dividend 

Remaining contractual term 
 years 
 years 
 
 Exercise price 

Common stock issuable under the warrants 

On
August 23, 2022, the Company entered into Warrant Exchange Agreements (the Warrant Exchange Agreements with certain
investors (the Investors ), pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue to the Investors an aggregate of 
shares of Common Stock in exchange for the cancellation by the Investors of the January Warrants, the Exchange Warrants and the
Replacement Originals Warrants. On the date of the exchange, the Company calculated the fair value of the issuance of shares of
common stock pursuant to the Warrant Exchange Agreements, attributing that value to common stock and additional paid in capital.
The remaining value of the warrant derivative liability was attributed to an income from change in fair market value of warrant
derivative liabilities and gain on extinguishment of warrant derivative liabilities in the consolidated statement of operations. On
the date of the Warrant Exchange Agreement, using the Black-Scholes method, the fair value of the warrant derivative liability was
 
million, compared to 
million at June 30, 2022, resulting in income from change in fair market value of warrant derivative liabilities of 
million during the year ended December 31, 2022. Further, the value of the issued shares of Common Stock was 
million, applied to additional paid in capital, resulting in a gain on the extinguishment of warrant derivative liabilities of
 
million during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Risk-free rate 
 - 
 
 Dividend 

Remaining contractual term 
 - years 
 
 Exercise price 

Common stock issuable under the warrants 

Fluctuations
in the Company s stock price are a primary driver for the changes in the derivative valuations during each reporting period. As
the stock price increases for each of the related derivative instruments, the value to the holder of the instrument generally increases,
therefore increasing the liability on the Company s balance sheet. Additionally, stock price volatility is one of the significant
unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurement of each of the Company s derivative instruments. The simulated fair value
of these liabilities is sensitive to changes in the Company s expected volatility. Increases in expected volatility would generally
result in higher fair value measurement. A change in pricing inputs and changes in volatilities and correlation factors would not
result in a material change in our Level 3 fair value. 

Granted 

Exercised 

Cancelled 

Vested Balance, December 31, 2021 

Warrants 
 Weighted average exercise price 
 
 Vested Balance, January 1, 2022 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited/cancelled 

Vested Balance, December 31, 2022 

The
total intrinsic value of all outstanding warrants aggregated - - as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the weighted average remaining
term was and months as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

years 

years 

years 

years 

shares of common
stock Shares ), (ii) pre-funded warrants to purchase up to shares of Common Stock (the Pre-Funded Warrants ),
issuable to investors whose purchase of shares of Common Stock would otherwise result in such investor, together with its affiliates
and certain related parties, beneficially owning more than 4.99 (or, at the election of the holder, 9.99 of the Company s outstanding
Common Stock immediately following the consummation of the Registered Offering Pre-Funded Warrants and (iii) common
stock purchase warrants Warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of shares of Common Stock (the Warrant
Shares ), which are exercisable for a period of after issuance at an initial exercise price per share, subject
to certain adjustments, as provided in the Warrants. The Offering was conducted pursuant to a placement agency agreement, dated January
12, 2021, between the Company and Kingswood Capital Markets, division of Benchmark Investments, Inc., who acted as the exclusive placement
agent in connection with the Offering pursuant to a placement agency agreement. The Shares and accompanying Warrants in the Offering
were sold at a combined offering price of per Share and accompanying Warrant and the Pre-Funded Warrants and accompanying Warrants
in the Offering were sold at a combined offering price of per Pre-Funded Warrant and accompanying Warrant. 

The
securities in the Offering were issued pursuant to a prospectus supplement to the Company s effective shelf registration statement
on Form S-3 (File No. 333-239419). The placement agency agreement contained customary representations, warranties and agreements by the
Company, customary conditions to closing, indemnification obligations of the Company and the placement agent. The placement agent received
discounts and commissions of six percent of the gross cash proceeds received by the Company from the sale of the securities sold
in the Offering and certain expenses. 

The
Company received approximately upon full exercise of the prefunded warrants) in net proceeds from the Offering
after deducting the discounts, commissions, and other estimated offering expenses payable by the Company. As of December 31, 2021, all
pre-funded warrants have been fully exercised. The Company plans to use the net proceeds from the Offering for working capital, product
development, order fulfilment and for general corporate purposes. 

Proceeds from the sale of shares of Common Stock at per share 

Proceeds from the sale of pre-funded warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock at per share 

Less: Placement agent fees and other expenses of the offering 

Net proceeds of the offering 

In
conjunction with this Offering, the Company issued prefunded Common Stock purchase warrants to purchase up to shares Common
Stock at per share prefunded at closing) and Common Stock purchase warrants to purchase up to shares of Common
Stock at 65.00 per share. The underlying warrant terms provide for net cash settlement outside the control of the Company under certain
circumstances in the event of tender offers. As such, the Company is required to treat these warrants as derivative liabilities which
are valued at their estimated fair value at their issuance date and at each reporting date with any subsequent changes reported in the
consolidated statements of operations as the change in fair value of warrant derivative liabilities. Accordingly, the Company allocated
a portion of the net proceeds of this offering to warrant derivative liabilities based on their estimated fair value as follows (See
Notes 11 and 17): 

Pre-funded warrant derivative liabilities 

Total allocation of the net proceeds of the offering to warrant derivative liabilities 

Registered
Direct Offerings 

On
February 1, 2021, 
shares of common stock February 2021 Shares ), (ii) pre-funded warrants to purchase up to 
shares of Common Stock (the February 2021 Pre-Funded Warrants ), issuable to investors whose purchase of shares of
Common Stock would otherwise result in such investor, together with its affiliates and certain related parties, beneficially owning
more than 4.99 (or, at the election of the holder, 9.99 of the Company s outstanding Common Stock immediately following the
consummation of the Registered Offering; and (iii) common stock purchase warrants February 2021 Warrants to purchase
up to an aggregate of 
shares of Common Stock (the February 2021 Warrant Shares ), which are exercisable for a period of after issuance at an initial exercise price 
per share, subject to certain adjustments, as provided in the February 2021 Warrants. The Second Offering was conducted
pursuant to a placement agency agreement, dated January 28, 2021, between the Company and Kingswood Capital Markets, division of
Benchmark Investments, Inc., who acted as the exclusive placement agent in connection with the Second Offering pursuant to a
placement agency agreement. The February 2021 Shares and accompanying February 2021 Warrants in the Second Offering were sold at a
combined offering price of 
per February 2021 Share and accompanying February 2021 Warrant and the February 2021 Pre-Funded Warrants and accompanying February
2021 Warrants in the Offering were sold at a combined offering price of 
per February 2021 Pre-Funded Warrant and accompanying February 2021 Warrant. 

The
securities in the Second Offering were issued pursuant to a prospectus supplement to the Company s effective shelf registration
statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-239419). The placement agency agreement contained customary representations, warranties and agreements
by the Company, customary conditions to closing, indemnification obligations of the Company and the placement agent. The placement agent
received discounts and commissions of six percent of the gross cash proceeds received by the Company from the sale of the securities
sold in the Second Offering and certain expenses. 

The
Company received approximately upon full exercise of the prefunded warrants) in net proceeds from the Second
Offering after deducting the discounts, commissions, and other estimated offering expenses payable by the Company. As of December 31,
2021, all pre-funded warrants have been fully exercised. The Company plans to use the net proceeds from the Second Offering for working
capital, product development, order fulfilment and for general corporate purposes. 

shares of Common Stock at per share 

Proceeds from the sale of pre-funded warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock at per share 

Less: Placement agent fees and other expenses of the offering 

Net proceeds of the offering 

In
conjunction with the Second Offering, the Company issued prefunded Common Stock purchase warrants to purchase up to 
 shares of common Stock at 
 per share 
 prefunded at closing) and Common Stock purchase
warrants to purchase up to 
 shares of Common Stock at 
 per share. The underlying warrant terms provide
for net cash settlement outside the control of the Company under certain circumstances in the event of tender offers. As such, the Company
is required to treat these warrants as derivative liabilities which are valued at their estimated fair value at their issuance date and
at each reporting date with any subsequent changes reported in the consolidated statements of operations as the change in fair value
of warrant derivative liabilities. Accordingly, the Company allocated a portion of the net proceeds of this offering to warrant derivative
liabilities based on their estimated fair value as follows (See Notes 11 and 17): 

Pre-funded warrant derivative liabilities 

Total allocation of the net proceeds of the offering to warrant derivative liabilities 

2022
Issuance of Restricted Common Stock. 

On
January 7, 2022, the board of directors approved the grant of shares of common stock to officers of the Company. . 

On
various dates in January 2022, the board of directors approved the grant of shares of common stock to employees of the Company.
Most shares will generally vest in varying amounts over the next two to five years , provided that each grantee remains an employee on
such vesting dates. 

Cancellation
of Restricted Stock 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company cancelled shares for various reasons. 

Preferred
Stock Transaction 

On
October 13, 2022, the Company, entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement with certain
institutional investors (the Preferred Stock Investors ), pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue and sell, in a
private placement (the 2022 Offering ), 
shares of the Company s Series A Convertible Redeemable Preferred Stock, par value 
per share (the Series A Preferred Stock ), and 
shares of the Company s Series B Convertible Redeemable Preferred Stock, par value 
per share (the Series B Preferred Stock , and together with the Series A Preferred Stock, the Preferred
Stock ), at an offering price of 
per share, representing a 5 original issue discount to the stated value of 
per share, for gross aggregate proceeds of 
million in the 2022 Offering, before the deduction of discounts, fees and offering expenses. The shares of Preferred Stock will,
under certain circumstances, be convertible into shares of the Company s common stock, at the option of the holders of the
Preferred Stock and, in certain circumstances, by the Company. 
and reimbursed the Financial Advisor for certain of its expenses in an amount not to exceed 135,000 . 

Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement,
the Company filed on October 17, 2022 certificates of designation (the Certificates of Designation with the Secretary of
the State of Nevada designating the rights, preferences and limitations of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred
Stock. The Certificate of Designation for the Series A Preferred Stock provides, in particular, that the Series A Preferred Stock will
have no voting rights other than the right to vote on the Amendments on an as-if-converted-to-Common-Stock basis. . 

The holders of Preferred Stock will be entitled to dividends, on an as-if
converted-to-Common-Stock basis, equal to dividends actually paid, if any, on shares of Common Stock. The Preferred Stock is convertible,
at the option of the holders and, in certain circumstances, by the Company, into shares of Common Stock at a conversion price of 
per share. The conversion price can be adjusted pursuant to the Certificates of Designation for stock dividends and stock splits, subsequent
rights offering, pro rata distributions of dividends or other distribution of its assets, or the occurrence of a fundamental transaction
(as defined in the applicable Certificate of Designation). 

. 

The
proceeds of the 2022 Offering were held in an escrow account, along with the additional amount that would be necessary to fund the
105 redemption price until the expiration of the redemption period for the Preferred Stock, as applicable, subject to the earlier
payment to redeeming holders. Upon expiration of the redemption period, any proceeds remaining in the escrow account will be
disbursed to the Company. 

The
2022 Offering closed on October 19, 2022. In December 2022, the Company redeemed 
shares of Series A 
shares of Series B Preferred Stock, for a redemption price of ,
with a 
carrying amount, resulting in a loss
on redemption. 

Issuance
of Common Stock as Consideration for the Potential Spin-Off Transaction. 

On
December 28, 2022, the Company issued a total of shares of common stock as a portion of the consideration paid for the advisory
services associated with the potential spin-off transaction. 

Stock
Repurchase Program 

On
December 6, 2021, the board of directors of the Company authorized the repurchase of up to million of the Company s outstanding
common stock under the specified terms of a share repurchase program (the Program ). During the year ended December 31,
2022, the Company repurchased shares of its common stock for , in accordance with the Program. 

January 2022 

February 2022 

March 2022 

April 2022 

May 2022 

June 2022 

Total all plans 

On
June 30, 2022, the board of directors of the Company elected to terminate the Program, effective immediately. The Program began in December
2021, with the Company purchasing a total of shares at a cost of through June 30, 2022. 

Noncontrolling
Interests 

The
Company owns a equity interest in its consolidated subsidiary, Nobility Healthcare. As a result, the noncontrolling shareholders
or minority interest is allocated of the income/loss of Nobility Healthcare which is reflected in the statement of (income) loss
as net (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interests of consolidated subsidiary . We reported net income attributable
to noncontrolling interests of consolidated subsidiary of and for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

in the form of a working capital loan to Nobility,
LLC in order to fund capital expenditures necessary for the initial growth of the joint venture during 2022. The outstanding balance
of the working capital loan was 
 as of December 31, 2022 and the Company anticipates
full repayment of this advance during the year ended December 31, 2023. The Company paid distributions to the noncontrolling in consolidated
subsidiary totaling 
 and - - ,
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

On
August 1, 2022, Mr. Hoffmann resigned as a member of the Board, effective immediately. He remains as a principal owner and manager of
Nobility, LLC. 

Denominator for basic loss per share weighted average shares outstanding 

Dilutive effect of shares issuable upon conversion of convertible debt and the exercise of stock options and warrants outstanding 

Denominator for diluted loss per share adjusted weighted average shares outstanding 

Net income (loss) per share: 

Basic 

Diluted 

Basic
income (loss) per share is based upon the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. For the
years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, all shares issuable upon conversion of convertible debt and the exercise of outstanding
stock options and warrants were antidilutive, and, therefore, not included in the computation of diluted income (loss) per
share. 

million to support the venture s
business strategy to make acquisitions of RCM companies. The venture comprises the Company s revenue cycle management segment. 

On
June 30, 2021, the Company s revenue cycle management segment completed the acquisition of a private medical billing company (the
 Healthcare Acquisition ). In accordance with the stock purchase agreement, the Company s revenue cycle management
segment agreed to a non-refundable initial payment (the Initial Payment Amount of . In addition to the Initial
Payment Amount, the Company s revenue cycle management segment agreed to issue a promissory note to the stockholders of the Healthcare
Acquisition in the principal amount of that is subject to an earn-out adjustment. Management s estimate of the fair value
of this Contingent Note at December 31, 2021 is . The gain associated with the adjustment in the estimated fair value of this
contingent promissory note is recorded as a gain in the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2021. Lastly,
the Company s revenue cycle management segment agreed to pay representing the principal and accrued interest balance due
under a promissory note issued to the selling shareholders prior to the acquisition closing date. The Company s revenue cycle management
segment anticipates the estimated fair value of the contingent promissory note to be paid in full, therefore, the total aggregate purchase
price was determined to be approximately . Total acquisition related costs aggregated , which was expensed as incurred.
Subsequent to the acquisition date, the Company received further information regarding the purchased assets and assumed liabilities.
As a result, the initial allocation of the purchase price was adjusted by increasing accounts receivable by with a corresponding
reduction of goodwill during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

The
Company accounts for business combinations using the acquisition method and that the Company has early adopted the amendments of Regulation
S-X dated May 21, 2020 and has concluded that this acquisition was not significant. Accordingly, the presentation of the assets acquired,
historical financial statements under Rule 3-05 and related pro forma information under Article 8 of Regulation S-X, respectively, are
not required to be presented. Under the acquisition method, the purchase price of the Healthcare Acquisition has been allocated to the
acquired tangible and identifiable intangible assets and assumed liabilities based on their estimated fair values at the time of the
Healthcare Acquisition. This allocation involves a number of assumptions, estimates, and judgments that could materially affect the timing
or amounts recognized in our financial statements. Our assumptions and estimates are based upon information obtained from the management
of the Company s revenue cycle management segment. The acquisition was structured as stock purchase, therefore the excess purchase
price over the fair value of net tangible assets acquired was recorded as goodwill, which will not be amortized for income tax filing
purposes. The results of operations of acquired businesses are included in the consolidated financial statements from the acquisition
date. 

The
purchase price of the Healthcare Acquisition was allocated to the tangible assets, and assumed liabilities based on their
preliminary estimated fair values at the time of the Healthcare Acquisition. The preliminary and final estimated fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed
in the Healthcare Acquisition were as follows: 

Intangible
 assets acquired Client Agreements 

Intangible assets acquired client agreements 

Goodwill 

Liabilities assumed consisting of a promissory note issued by the selling shareholders which was paid off at closing, net of lease liability assumed 

Liabilities assumed pursuant to stock purchase agreement 

Net assets acquired and liabilities assumed 

Consideration: 

Cash paid at Healthcare Acquisition date 

Contingent consideration earn-out agreement 

Total Healthcare Acquisition purchase price 

years 

For
the period from the date of the Healthcare Acquisition to June 30, 2022, the Company adjusted its preliminary fair value estimates and
estimated useful lives based upon information obtained through June 30, 2022, which resulted in adjustments to the preliminary allocation
of the purchase price. These adjustments primarily related to estimated identifiable intangible asset fair values of client agreements
and goodwill. 

During
the measurement period (which is the period required to obtain all necessary information that existed at the acquisition date, or to
conclude that such information is unavailable, not to exceed one year), additional assets or liabilities may be recognized, or there
could be changes to the amounts of assets or liabilities previously recognized on a preliminary basis, if new information is obtained
about facts and circumstances that existed as of the acquisition date that, if known, would have resulted in the recognition of these
assets or liabilities as of that date. The change in fair value of the contingent consideration is more fully described in Note 10, Debt
Obligations . 

On
August 31, 2021, the Company s revenue cycle management segment completed the acquisition of another private medical billing company
(the Medical Billing Acquisition ). In accordance with the stock purchase agreement, Nobility Healthcare agreed to a non-refundable
initial payment (the Initial Payment Amount of . In addition to the Initial Payment Amount, the Company s
revenue cycle management segment agreed to issue a contingent promissory note to the stockholders of the Medical Billing Acquisition
in the principal amount of that is subject to an earn-out adjustment. The Company s revenue cycle management segment anticipates
the estimated fair value of the contingent promissory note to be paid in full, therefore, the total aggregate purchase price was determined
to be approximately . Total acquisition related costs aggregated , which was expensed as incurred. 

The Company accounts for business combinations using the acquisition method
and that the Company has early adopted the amendments of Regulation S-X dated May 21, 2020 and has concluded that this acquisition was
not significant. Accordingly, the presentation of the assets acquired, historical financial statements under Rule 3-05 and related pro
forma information under Article 8 of Regulation S-X, respectively, are not required to be presented. Under the acquisition method, the
purchase price of the Healthcare Acquisition has been allocated to the acquired tangible and identifiable intangible assets and assumed
liabilities based on their estimated fair values at the time of the Healthcare Acquisition. This allocation involves a number of assumptions,
estimates, and judgments that could materially affect the timing or amounts recognized in our financial statements. Our assumptions and
estimates are based upon information obtained from the management of the Company s revenue cycle management segment. The acquisition
was structured as stock purchase, therefore the excess purchase price over the fair value of net tangible assets acquired was recorded
as goodwill, which will not be amortized for income tax filing purposes. The results of operations of acquired businesses are included
in the consolidated financial statements from the acquisition date. 

The
purchase price of the Medical Billing Acquisition was allocated to the tangible assets, and assumed liabilities based on their
preliminary estimated fair values at the time of the Medical Billing Acquisition. The preliminary and final estimated fair value of assets acquired, and liabilities
assumed in the Medical Billing Acquisition were as follows: 

Identifiable intangible assets acquired client agreements 

Goodwill 

Liabilities assumed pursuant to stock purchase agreement 

Net assets acquired and liabilities assumed 

Consideration: 

Cash paid at Healthcare Acquisition date 

Contingent consideration earn-out agreement 

Total Healthcare Acquisition purchase price 

years 

For
the period from the date of the Healthcare Acquisition to August 31, 2022, the Company adjusted its preliminary fair value estimates
and estimated useful lives based upon information obtained through August 31, 2022, which resulted in adjustments to the preliminary
allocation of the purchase price. These adjustments primarily related to estimated identifiable intangible asset fair values of client
agreements and goodwill. 

During
the measurement period (which is the period required to obtain all necessary information that existed at the acquisition date, or to
conclude that such information is unavailable, not to exceed one year), additional assets or liabilities may be recognized, or there
could be changes to the amounts of assets or liabilities previously recognized on a preliminary basis, if new information is obtained
about facts and circumstances that existed as of the acquisition date that, if known, would have resulted in the recognition of these
assets or liabilities as of that date. The change in fair value of the contingent consideration is more fully described in Note 10, Debt
Obligations . 

On
January 1, 2022, the Company s revenue cycle management segment completed the acquisition of another private medical billing company
(the Medical Billing Acquisition ). In accordance with the stock purchase agreement, Nobility Healthcare agreed to a non-refundable
initial payment (the Initial Payment Amount of . In addition to the Initial Payment Amount, the Company s
revenue cycle management segment agreed to issue a contingent promissory note to the stockholders of the Medical Billing Acquisition
in the principal amount of that is subject to an earn-out adjustment. The Company s revenue cycle management segment anticipates
the estimated fair value of the contingent promissory note to be paid in full, therefore, the total aggregate purchase price was determined
to be approximately . Total acquisition related costs aggregated , which was expensed as incurred. 

The Company accounts for
business combinations using the acquisition method and that the Company has early adopted the amendments of Regulation S-X dated May
21, 2020 and has concluded that this acquisition was not significant. Accordingly, the presentation of the assets acquired, historical
financial statements under Rule 3-05 and related pro forma information under Article 8 of Regulation S-X, respectively, are not required
to be presented. Under the acquisition method, the purchase price of the Healthcare Acquisition has been allocated to the acquired tangible
and identifiable intangible assets and assumed liabilities based on their estimated fair values at the time of the Healthcare Acquisition.
This allocation involves a number of assumptions, estimates, and judgments that could materially affect the timing or amounts recognized
in our financial statements. Our assumptions and estimates are based upon information obtained from the management of the Company s
revenue cycle management segment. The acquisition was structured as stock purchase, therefore the excess purchase price over the fair
value of net tangible assets acquired was recorded as goodwill, which will not be amortized for income tax filing purposes. The results
of operations of acquired businesses are included in the consolidated financial statements from the acquisition date. 

The
purchase price of the Medical Billing Acquisition was allocated to the tangible assets, and assumed liabilities based on their preliminary
estimated fair values at the time of the Medical Billing Acquisition. There was no change from the preliminary estimated fair value to the final estimated fair value of assets acquired,
and liabilities assumed in the Healthcare Acquisition, those value were as follows: 

Goodwill 

Liabilities assumed pursuant to stock purchase agreement 

Total assets acquired and liabilities assumed 

Consideration: 

Cash paid at acquisition date 

Contingent consideration promissory note 

Total acquisition purchase price 

During
the measurement period (which is the period required to obtain all necessary information that existed at the acquisition date, or to
conclude that such information is unavailable, not to exceed one year), additional assets or liabilities may be recognized, or there
could be changes to the amounts of assets or liabilities previously recognized on a preliminary basis, if new information is obtained
about facts and circumstances that existed as of the acquisition date that, if known, would have resulted in the recognition of these
assets or liabilities as of that date. The change in fair value of the contingent consideration is more fully described in Note 10, Debt
Obligations . 

On
February 1, 2022, the Company s revenue cycle management segment completed an asset acquisition from another private medical billing
company (the Medical Billing Asset Acquisition ). In accordance with the asset purchase agreement, Nobility Healthcare agreed
to a non-refundable initial payment (the Initial Payment Amount of . In addition to the Initial Payment Amount,
the Company s revenue cycle management segment agreed to issue a contingent promissory note to the stockholders of the Medical
Billing Asset Acquisition in the principal amount of that is subject to an earn-out adjustment. The Company s revenue
cycle management segment anticipates the estimated fair value of the contingent promissory note to be paid in full, therefore, the total
aggregate purchase price was determined to be approximately . Total acquisition related costs aggregated , which was expensed
as incurred. 

In
accordance with ASC 805, Business Combinations , the acquisition method of accounting is used, and recognition of the assets
acquired is at fair value as of the acquisition dates. All acquisition costs were expensed as incurred. The consideration paid has been
allocated to the assets acquired based on their estimated fair values at the acquisition date. The estimate of fair values for the intangible
assets acquired were agreed to by both buyer and seller. The estimated fair value of intangible assets acquired in the Medical Billing
Asset Acquisition were as follows: 

Total assets acquired and liabilities assumed 

Consideration: 

Cash paid at acquisition date 

Contingent consideration promissory note 

Total acquisition purchase price 

years 

The
change in fair value of the contingent consideration is more fully described in Note 10, Debt Obligations and will be estimated
on a quarterly basis. 

through a combination of cash and common stock. In addition
to the Initial Payment Amount, the Company agreed to issue an earn-out agreement to the stockholders of Goody Tickets and TicketSmarter
LLC in the contingent amount of that is subject to an earn-out adjustment based on actual EBITDA achieved in 2021, of which
the Company gave a fair value of on the date of acquisition. However, following the completion of 2021, it was determined
that the actual EBITDA threshold for any earn-out adjustment to be paid was not met. Thus, in accordance with U.S. GAAP, the fair value
of the contingent earn-out is reduced to zero, and the associated gain related to this revaluation is recorded in our Consolidated Statements
of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2021. Lastly, included in the agreement, the Company agreed to place in escrow,
subject to a working capital adjustment based on actual working capital amounts on the acquisition date as defined in the agreement,
this amount was subject to disbursement 45 days following the close of the acquisition. The parties completed the working capital adjustment
resulting in the Company retaining of the escrow amount with the released to the Sellers. The total acquisition related
costs aggregated , which was expensed as incurred. 

The Company accounts for business combinations using the acquisition method
and that the Company has early adopted the amendments of Regulation S-X dated May 21, 2020 and has concluded that this acquisition was
not significant. Accordingly, the presentation of the assets acquired, historical financial statements under Rule 3-05 and related pro
forma information under Article 11 of Regulation S-X, respectively, are not required to be presented. Under the acquisition method, the
purchase price of the TicketSmarter Acquisition has been allocated to Goody Tickets and TicketSmarter LLC s acquired tangible
and identifiable intangible assets and assumed liabilities based on their estimated fair values at the time of the TicketSmarter Acquisition.
This allocation involves a number of assumptions, estimates, and judgments that could materially affect the timing or amounts recognized
in our financial statements. The TicketSmarter Acquisition was structured as a stock purchase; however the parties agreed to coordinate
the election to invoke IRS Section 338(h)(10) relative to this transaction for tax purposes. Therefore, the excess purchase price over
the fair value of net tangible assets acquired was recorded as goodwill, which will be amortized over 15 years for income tax filing purposes.
Likewise, the other acquired assets were stepped up to fair value and is deductible for income tax purposes. The results of operations
of acquired businesses are included in the consolidated financial statements from the acquisition date. 

The
purchase price of the TicketSmarter Acquisition was allocated to Goody Tickets and TicketSmarter LLC s tangible assets,
goodwill, identifiable intangible assets, and assumed liabilities based on their preliminary estimated fair values at the time of the
TicketSmarter Acquisition. The Company retained the services of an independent valuation firm to determine the fair value of these identifiable
intangible assets. The preliminary and final estimated
fair value of assets acquired, and liabilities assumed in the TicketSmarter Acquisition were as follows: 

 of cash acquired 

Identifiable intangible assets acquired 

Goodwill 

Liabilities assumed 

Liabilities assumed pursuant to stock purchase agreement 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Net assets acquired and liabilities assumed 

Consideration: 

Cash paid at TicketSmarter Acquisition date 

Common stock issued as consideration for TicketSmarter Acquisition at date of acquisition 

Contingent consideration earn-out agreement 

Cash paid at closing to escrow amount 

Cash retained from escrow amount pursuant to settlement of working capital target 

Total TicketSmarter Acquisition purchase price 

indefinite 
 
 Sponsorship agreement network 

years 
 
 Search engine optimization/content 

years 

For
the period from the date of the TicketSmarter Acquisition to December 31, 2021, the Company adjusted its preliminary fair value estimates
and estimated useful lives based upon information obtained through December 31, 2021, which resulted in adjustments to the preliminary
allocation of the purchase price. These adjustments primarily related to estimated identifiable intangible asset fair values (primarily
related to the sponsorship agreement network), the estimated fair value of the contingent earn-out agreement liability and goodwill.
There were no adjustments to the allocation of the purchase price during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

During
the measurement period (which is the period required to obtain all necessary information that existed at the acquisition date, or to
conclude that such information is unavailable, not to exceed one year), additional assets or liabilities may be recognized, or there
could be changes to the amounts of assets or liabilities previously recognized on a preliminary basis, if new information is obtained
about facts and circumstances that existed as of the acquisition date that, if known, would have resulted in the recognition of these
assets or liabilities as of that date. The change in fair value of the contingent consideration is more fully described in Note 10, Debt
Obligations . 

The
Video Solutions Segment encompasses our law, commercial, and shield divisions. This segment includes both service and product revenues
through our subscription models offering cloud and warranty solutions, and hardware sales for video and health safety solutions. The
Revenue Cycle Management Segment provides working capital and back-office services to a variety of healthcare organizations throughout
the country, as a monthly service fee. The Entertainment Segment acts as an intermediary between ticket buyers and sellers within our
secondary ticketing platform, ticketsmarter.com, and we also acquire tickets from primary sellers to then sell through various platforms. 

The
Company s corporate administration activities are reported in the corporate line item. These activities primarily include expense
related to certain corporate officers and support staff, certain accounting staff, expense related to the Company s Board of Directors,
stock option expense for options granted to corporate administration employees, certain consulting expenses, investor relations activities,
and a portion of the Company s legal, auditing and professional fee expenses. Corporate identifiable assets primarily consist of
cash, invested cash (if any), refundable income taxes (if any), and deferred income taxes. 

Revenue Cycle Management 

Entertainment 

Total Net Revenues 

Total net revenues 

Gross Profit: 

Video Solutions 

Revenue Cycle Management 

Entertainment 

Total Gross Profit 

Total gross profit 
 2,321,941 
 5,663,774 

Operating Income (loss): 

Video Solutions 

Revenue Cycle Management 

Entertainment 

Corporate 

Total Operating Income (Loss) 

Total operating income (loss) 

Depreciation and Amortization: 

Video Solutions 

Revenue Cycle Management 

Entertainment 

Total Depreciation and Amortization 

Total depreciation and amortization 

Assets (net of eliminations): 

Video Solutions 

Revenue Cycle Management 

Entertainment 

Corporate 

Total Identifiable Assets 

The
segments recorded noncash items effecting the gross profit and operating income (loss) through the established inventory reserves
based on estimates of excess and/or obsolete current and non-current inventory. The Company recorded a reserve for excess and
obsolete inventory in the video solutions segment of 
and a reserve for the entertainment segment of as of December 31, 2022 . 

The
segment net revenues reported above represent sales to external customers. Segment gross profit represents net revenues less cost of
revenues. Segment operating income, which is used in management s evaluation of segment performance, represents net revenues, less
cost of revenues, less all operating expenses. Identifiable assets are those assets used by each segment in its operations. Corporate
assets primarily consist of cash, property, plant and equipment, accounts receivable, inventories, and other assets. 

shares of restricted common stock that will vest one half on January 10, 2024 and one half on January 10, 2025 provided that he
remains an officer on such dates. Peng Han was awarded 
shares of restricted common stock that will vest 
shares on January 10, 2024, January 10, 2025, January 10, 2026, January 10, 2027 and January 10, 2028 provided that he remains an
officer on such dates. The Compensation Committee awarded employees a total of 
shares of restricted common stock that will vest one half on January 10, 2024 and one half on January 10, 2025 provided that they
remain employees on such dates. 

Reverse
Stock Split 

On February 6, 2023, we filed a Certificate of Amendment to the Articles
of Incorporation, as amended, with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada to effect a (the Reverse Stock Split of the shares of our common
stock. The Reverse Stock Split was effective as of time of filing. No fractional shares were issued in connection
with the Reverse Stock Split. Any fractional shares of our Common Stock that would have otherwise resulted from the Reverse Stock Split
were rounded up to the nearest whole number. In connection with the Reverse Stock Split, our board approved appropriate and proportional
adjustments to all outstanding securities or other rights convertible or exercisable into shares of our Common Stock, including, without
limitation, all preferred stock, warrants, options, and other equity compensation rights. All historical share and per-share amounts
reflected throughout our consolidated financial statements and other financial information in this Report have been adjusted to reflect
the Reverse Stock Split as if the split occurred as of the earliest period presented. The par value per share of our common stock was
not affected by the Reverse Stock Split. 

Nasdaq Compliance 

On February
23, 2023, the Company received notice from Nasdaq confirming that the Company has cured its bid price deficiency and has fully regained compliance
with the Minimum Bid Price Requirement. 

F- 50 

<EX-10.14>
 2
 ex10-14.htm

Exhibit
10.14 

2015
Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan Restricted Stock Grant Agreement 

Digital
Ally, Inc. 

I. Notice
 of Restricted Stock Grant: 

Grantee s
 Name and Address: 

14001
 Marshall Drive 
 Lenexa,
 KS 66215 

You
have been granted restricted shares of Common Stock of the Company, subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Restricted
Stock Grant Agreement, as follows: 

Date
 of Grant: 
 January
 __, 2016 

Market
 Value per Share: 
 _____
 (closing share price on date of grant). 

Total
 Number of Shares Granted: 
 ___________. 

Total
 Value of Grant: 
 ___________
 (number of shares multiplied by closing share price on date of grant). 

Vesting
 Schedule: 
 The
 restricted shares of Common Stock will vest as follows: 

Fifty
 percent (50.00 ), or _______ shares, vests on January __, 2017. 

Fifty
 percent (50.00 ), or _______ shares, vests on January __, 2018. 

2015
Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan 

Restricted
Stock Grant Agreement 

Digital
Ally, Inc. 

This
Restricted Stock Agreement (this Restricted
Stock Agreement) is dated January __, 2016 between Digital Ally, Inc . , a
Nevada Company (the Company and _______________ (the Recipient ).
Unless otherwise defined herein, the terms defined in the Digital Ally, Inc. 2018 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan (the Plan shall have the same defined meanings in this Agreement. 

1. 
 Grant .
 The Company hereby grants a Restricted Stock Award (the Award with respect to ____________ (___,____) shares
 of common stock, 0.001 par value Common Stock of the Company (the Shares ), all in accordance with
 and subject to the Plan and the following terms and conditions. 

2. 
 Grant
 Date; Value . This Award was made as of January __, 2016 (the Date of Grant ). The value of the
 Award is __________ , calculated as the Shares multiplied by __.__,the closing price per share on the Date of Grant. 

3. 
 Custody
 of Restricted Stock . The Shares granted hereunder may be evidenced in such manner as the Company shall determine. The Shares
 may be held, along with any stock dividends and other non-cash distributions relating thereto, in custody by the Company or an agent
 for the Company until it shall become vested. If any certificates are issued for the Shares, the certificates will bear an appropriate
 legend as determined by the Company referring to the applicable restrictions. Upon the vesting of the Shares pursuant to the terms
 hereof and the satisfaction of any withholding tax obligations described below, the Recipient will receive vested shares of Common
 Stock. 

4. 
 Vesting
 Requirements . This Award shall become vested in accordance with the schedule set forth below: 

Vesting
 Date 

of Shares Becoming Vested 
 
 January
 __, 2017 
 
 Fifty
 percent (50.00 ), or (__,000 shares) 

January
 __, 2018 
 
 Fifty
 percent (50.00 ), or (__,000 shares) 

5. 
 Accelerated
 Vesting . Notwithstanding the vesting schedule reflected in the preceding Section 4, Vesting Requirements, or
 Section 7, Termination of Employment, in the event of a Change in Control all restrictions imposed on any then-restricted
 Shares shall terminate (such that any Shares shall vest and become fully transferable) immediately prior to any such event. A Change
 in Control means (i) one party alone, or acting with others, has acquired or gained control over more than fifty percent (50 of the voting shares of the Company; or (ii) the Company merges or consolidates with or into another entity or completes any other
 corporate reorganization, if more than fifty percent (50 of the combined voting power of the surviving entity s securities
 outstanding immediately after such merger, consolidation or other reorganization is owned by persons who were not shareholders of
 the Company immediately prior to such merger, consolidation or other reorganization; or (iii) a majority of the Company s Board
 of Directors is replaced and/or dismissed by the shareholders of the Company without the recommendation of or nomination by the Company s
 current Board of Directors; or (iv) the Company s Chief Executive Officer (the CEO is replaced and/or dismissed
 by shareholders without the approval of the Company s Board of Directors; or (v) the Company sells, transfers or otherwise
 disposes of all or substantially all of the consolidated assets of the Company and the Company does not own stock in the purchaser
 or purchasers having more than fifty percent (50 of the voting power of the entity owning all or substantially all of the consolidated
 assets of the Company after such purchase. 

6. 
 Rights
 as Shareholder . The Recipient will have the right to vote the Shares and to receive any cash dividends. However, stock dividends,
 stock rights or others securities issued with respect to the Shares shall subject to the same restrictions as exist regarding the
 original Shares. 

7. 
 Termination
 of Employment . If the Recipient ceases to be an employee of the Company for any reason, including, without limitation, death,
 disability, termination for cause or without cause or voluntary separation, the Shares granted to the Recipient that have not vested
 prior to such time will no longer vest, and any such Shares, if issued, shall be returned to the Company for cancellation, and neither
 the Recipient nor his or her heirs, executors, administrators or successors shall have any right or interest in any of such unvested
 restricted stock. 

8. 
 No
 Guarantee of Employment . Recipient acknowledges and agrees that the vesting of shares
 pursuant to the vesting schedule hereof is earned only by continuing service as an employee at the will of the Company and not through
 the act of being granted the Award. The Recipient further acknowledges and agrees that this Restricted Stock Agreement, the transactions
 contemplated hereunder and the vesting schedule set forth herein do not constitute an express or implied promise of continued retention
 as an employee for the vesting period, for any period, or at all, and shall not interfere with the Recipient s right or the
 Company s right to terminate the Recipient s service as an employee at any time, with or without cause. 

9. 
 Award
 Not Transferable . The Shares are not transferable except by will or the laws of descent and distribution, and may not be
 assigned, negotiated, or pledged in any way (whether by operation of law or otherwise), and shall not be subject to execution, attachment
 or similar process. 

10. 
 Conformity
 to Securities Laws . The Recipient acknowledges that the Plan is intended to conform, to the extent necessary, with all provisions
 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and any and all regulations and rules
 promulgated thereunder by the Securities and Exchange Commission. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Plan shall
 be administered only in such a manner as to conform to such laws, rules and regulations. To the extent permitted by applicable law,
 the Plan and this Restricted Stock Agreement shall be deemed amended to the extent necessary to conform to such laws, rules and regulations. 

11. 
 Tax
 Withholding . The Company may require, as a condition to the vesting of any shares of the Shares, that the Recipient concurrently
 pay to the Company any taxes which the Company is required to withhold by reason of such vesting. In lieu of part or all of such
 payment, the Recipient may request, subject to such rules and regulations as the Board may adopt from time to time, that the Company
 withhold a portion of the shares otherwise becoming vested to defray all or a portion of any applicable taxes, or request that the
 Company withhold the required amounts from other compensation, if any, payable to the Recipient. 

12. 
 Restricted
 Stock Legend . While the Recipient is a member of the Board of Directors of the Company or otherwise an Affiliate of the Company,
 the stock certificates evidencing the Shares shall indicate that the Shares are restricted stock. 

13. 
 Entire
 Agreement; Governing Law . The Plan is incorporated herein by reference. The Plan and this Restricted Stock Agreement constitute
 the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede in their entirety all prior undertakings
 and agreements of the Company and Recipient with respect to the subject matter hereof, and may not be modified adversely to the Recipient s
 interest except by means of a writing signed by the Company and the Recipient. This Restricted Stock Agreement is governed by Nevada
 law except for that body of law pertaining to conflict of laws. 

[THE
REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK] 

By
your signature and the signature of the Company s representative below, you and the Company agree that this Award is granted under
and governed by the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Restricted Stock Agreement. The Recipient has reviewed the Plan and this
Restricted Stock Agreement in their entirety, has had an opportunity to obtain the advice of counsel prior to executing this Restricted
Stock Agreement and fully understands all provisions of the Plan and Restricted Stock Agreement. Recipient hereby agrees to accept as
binding, conclusive and final all decisions or interpretations of the Board of Directors upon any questions relating to the Plan and
Restricted Stock Agreement. The Recipient further agrees to notify the Company upon any change in the residence address indicated below. 

RECIPIENT: 
 
 DIGITAL
 ALLY, INC. 

By: 

Signature 

Signature 

Thomas
 J. Heckman 

Print
 Name 

Residence
 Address 

Title: 
 CFO,
 Treasurer Secretary 

CONSENT
OF SPOUSE 

The
undersigned spouse of Recipient has read and hereby approves the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Restricted Stock Agreement.
In consideration of the Company s granting his or her spouse the right to purchase Shares as set forth in the Plan and this Restricted
Stock Agreement, the undersigned hereby agrees to be irrevocably bound by the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Restricted Stock
Agreement and further agrees that any community property interest shall be similarly bound. The undersigned hereby appoints the undersigned s
spouse as attorney-in-fact for the undersigned with respect to any amendment or exercise of rights under the Plan or this Restricted
Stock Agreement. 

Spouse
 of Recipient 

</EX-10.14>

<EX-10.16>
 3
 ex10-16.htm

Exhibit
10.16 

2018
Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan Restricted Stock Grant Agreement 

Digital
Ally, Inc. 

I. Notice
 of Restricted Stock Grant: 

Grantee s
 Name and Address: 

14001
 Marshall Drive 
 Lenexa,
 KS 66215 

You
have been granted restricted shares of Common Stock of the Company, subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Restricted
Stock Grant Agreement, as follows: 

Date
 of Grant: 
 January
 __, 2019 

Market
 Value per Share: 
 _____
 (closing share price on date of grant). 

Total
 Number of Shares Granted: 
 ___________. 

Total
 Value of Grant: 
 ___________
 (number of shares multiplied by closing share price on date of grant). 

Vesting
 Schedule: 
 The
 restricted shares of Common Stock will vest as follows: 

Fifty
 percent (50.00 ), or _______ shares, vests on January __, 2020. 

Fifty
 percent (50.00 ), or _______ shares, vests on January __, 2021. 

2018
Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan 

Restricted
Stock Grant Agreement 

Digital
Ally, Inc. 

This
Restricted Stock Agreement (this Restricted
Stock Agreement) is dated January __, 2019 between Digital Ally, Inc . , a
Nevada Company (the Company and _______________ (the Recipient ).
Unless otherwise defined herein, the terms defined in the Digital Ally, Inc. 2018 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan (the Plan shall have the same defined meanings in this Agreement. 

1. 
 Grant .
 The Company hereby grants a Restricted Stock Award (the Award with respect to ____________ (___,____) shares
 of common stock, 0.001 par value Common Stock of the Company (the Shares ), all in accordance with
 and subject to the Plan and the following terms and conditions. 

2. 
 Grant
 Date; Value . This Award was made as of January __, 2019 (the Date of Grant ). The value of the
 Award is __________ , calculated as the Shares multiplied by __.__,the closing price per share on the Date of Grant. 

3. 
 Custody
 of Restricted Stock . The Shares granted hereunder may be evidenced in such manner as the Company shall determine. The Shares
 may be held, along with any stock dividends and other non-cash distributions relating thereto, in custody by the Company or an agent
 for the Company until it shall become vested. If any certificates are issued for the Shares, the certificates will bear an appropriate
 legend as determined by the Company referring to the applicable restrictions. Upon the vesting of the Shares pursuant to the terms
 hereof and the satisfaction of any withholding tax obligations described below, the Recipient will receive vested shares of Common
 Stock. 

4. 
 Vesting
 Requirements . This Award shall become vested in accordance with the schedule set forth below: 

Vesting
 Date 

of Shares Becoming Vested 
 
 January
 __, 2020 
 
 Fifty
 percent (50.00 ), or (__,000 shares) 

January
 __, 2021 
 
 Fifty
 percent (50.00 ), or (__,000 shares) 

5. 
 Accelerated
 Vesting . Notwithstanding the vesting schedule reflected in the preceding Section 4, Vesting Requirements, or
 Section 7, Termination of Employment, in the event of a Change in Control all restrictions imposed on any then-restricted
 Shares shall terminate (such that any Shares shall vest and become fully transferable) immediately prior to any such event. A Change
 in Control means (i) one party alone, or acting with others, has acquired or gained control over more than fifty percent (50 of the voting shares of the Company; or (ii) the Company merges or consolidates with or into another entity or completes any other
 corporate reorganization, if more than fifty percent (50 of the combined voting power of the surviving entity s securities
 outstanding immediately after such merger, consolidation or other reorganization is owned by persons who were not shareholders of
 the Company immediately prior to such merger, consolidation or other reorganization; or (iii) a majority of the Company s Board
 of Directors is replaced and/or dismissed by the shareholders of the Company without the recommendation of or nomination by the Company s
 current Board of Directors; or (iv) the Company s Chief Executive Officer (the CEO is replaced and/or dismissed
 by shareholders without the approval of the Company s Board of Directors; or (v) the Company sells, transfers or otherwise
 disposes of all or substantially all of the consolidated assets of the Company and the Company does not own stock in the purchaser
 or purchasers having more than fifty percent (50 of the voting power of the entity owning all or substantially all of the consolidated
 assets of the Company after such purchase. 

6. 
 Rights
 as Shareholder . The Recipient will have the right to vote the Shares and to receive any cash dividends. However, stock dividends,
 stock rights or others securities issued with respect to the Shares shall subject to the same restrictions as exist regarding the
 original Shares. 

7. 
 Termination
 of Employment . If the Recipient ceases to be an employee of the Company for any reason, including, without limitation, death,
 disability, termination for cause or without cause or voluntary separation, the Shares granted to the Recipient that have not vested
 prior to such time will no longer vest, and any such Shares, if issued, shall be returned to the Company for cancellation, and neither
 the Recipient nor his or her heirs, executors, administrators or successors shall have any right or interest in any of such unvested
 restricted stock. 

8. 
 No
 Guarantee of Employment . Recipient acknowledges and agrees that the vesting of shares
 pursuant to the vesting schedule hereof is earned only by continuing service as an employee at the will of the Company and not through
 the act of being granted the Award. The Recipient further acknowledges and agrees that this Restricted Stock Agreement, the transactions
 contemplated hereunder and the vesting schedule set forth herein do not constitute an express or implied promise of continued retention
 as an employee for the vesting period, for any period, or at all, and shall not interfere with the Recipient s right or the
 Company s right to terminate the Recipient s service as an employee at any time, with or without cause. 

9. 
 Award
 Not Transferable . The Shares are not transferable except by will or the laws of descent and distribution, and may not be
 assigned, negotiated, or pledged in any way (whether by operation of law or otherwise), and shall not be subject to execution, attachment
 or similar process. 

10. 
 Conformity
 to Securities Laws . The Recipient acknowledges that the Plan is intended to conform, to the extent necessary, with all provisions
 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and any and all regulations and rules
 promulgated thereunder by the Securities and Exchange Commission. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Plan shall
 be administered only in such a manner as to conform to such laws, rules and regulations. To the extent permitted by applicable law,
 the Plan and this Restricted Stock Agreement shall be deemed amended to the extent necessary to conform to such laws, rules and regulations. 

11. 
 Tax
 Withholding . The Company may require, as a condition to the vesting of any shares of the Shares, that the Recipient concurrently
 pay to the Company any taxes which the Company is required to withhold by reason of such vesting. In lieu of part or all of such
 payment, the Recipient may request, subject to such rules and regulations as the Board may adopt from time to time, that the Company
 withhold a portion of the shares otherwise becoming vested to defray all or a portion of any applicable taxes, or request that the
 Company withhold the required amounts from other compensation, if any, payable to the Recipient. 

12. 
 Restricted
 Stock Legend . While the Recipient is a member of the Board of Directors of the Company or otherwise an Affiliate of the Company,
 the stock certificates evidencing the Shares shall indicate that the Shares are restricted stock. 

13. 
 Entire
 Agreement; Governing Law . The Plan is incorporated herein by reference. The Plan and this Restricted Stock Agreement constitute
 the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede in their entirety all prior undertakings
 and agreements of the Company and Recipient with respect to the subject matter hereof, and may not be modified adversely to the Recipient s
 interest except by means of a writing signed by the Company and the Recipient. This Restricted Stock Agreement is governed by Nevada
 law except for that body of law pertaining to conflict of laws. 

[THE
REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK] 

By
your signature and the signature of the Company s representative below, you and the Company agree that this Award is granted under
and governed by the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Restricted Stock Agreement. The Recipient has reviewed the Plan and this
Restricted Stock Agreement in their entirety, has had an opportunity to obtain the advice of counsel prior to executing this Restricted
Stock Agreement and fully understands all provisions of the Plan and Restricted Stock Agreement. Recipient hereby agrees to accept as
binding, conclusive and final all decisions or interpretations of the Board of Directors upon any questions relating to the Plan and
Restricted Stock Agreement. The Recipient further agrees to notify the Company upon any change in the residence address indicated below. 

RECIPIENT: 
 
 DIGITAL
 ALLY, INC. 

By: 

Signature 

Signature 

Thomas
 J. Heckman 

Print
 Name 

Residence
 Address 

Title: 
 CFO,
 Treasurer Secretary 

CONSENT
OF SPOUSE 

The
undersigned spouse of Recipient has read and hereby approves the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Restricted Stock Agreement.
In consideration of the Company s granting his or her spouse the right to purchase Shares as set forth in the Plan and this Restricted
Stock Agreement, the undersigned hereby agrees to be irrevocably bound by the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Restricted Stock
Agreement and further agrees that any community property interest shall be similarly bound. The undersigned hereby appoints the undersigned s
spouse as attorney-in-fact for the undersigned with respect to any amendment or exercise of rights under the Plan or this Restricted
Stock Agreement. 

Spouse
 of Recipient 

</EX-10.16>

<EX-10.19>
 4
 ex10-19.htm

Exhibit
10.19 

2020
Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan Restricted Stock Grant Agreement 

Digital
Ally, Inc. 

I. Notice
 of Restricted Stock Grant: 

Grantee s
 Name and Address: 

14001
 Marshall Drive 
 Lenexa,
 KS 66215 

You
have been granted restricted shares of Common Stock of the Company, subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Restricted
Stock Grant Agreement, as follows: 

Date
 of Grant: 
 January
 __, 2021 

Market
 Value per Share: 
 _____
 (closing share price on date of grant). 

Total
 Number of Shares Granted: 
 ___________. 

Total
 Value of Grant: 
 ___________
 (number of shares multiplied by closing share price on date of grant). 

Vesting
 Schedule: 
 The
 restricted shares of Common Stock will vest as follows: 

Fifty
 percent (50.00 ), or _______ shares, vests on January __, 2022. 

Fifty
 percent (50.00 ), or _______ shares, vests on January __, 2023. 

2020
Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan 

Restricted
Stock Grant Agreement 

Digital
Ally, Inc. 

This
Restricted Stock Agreement (this Restricted
Stock Agreement) is dated January __, 2021 between Digital Ally, Inc . , a
Nevada Company (the Company and _______________ (the Recipient ).
Unless otherwise defined herein, the terms defined in the Digital Ally, Inc. 2020 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan (the Plan shall have the same defined meanings in this Agreement. 

1. 
 Grant .
 The Company hereby grants a Restricted Stock Award (the Award with respect to ____________ (___,____) shares
 of common stock, 0.001 par value Common Stock of the Company (the Shares ), all in accordance with
 and subject to the Plan and the following terms and conditions. 

2. 
 Grant
 Date; Value . This Award was made as of January __, 2021 (the Date of Grant ). The value of the
 Award is __________ , calculated as the Shares multiplied by __.__,the closing price per share on the Date of Grant. 

3. 
 Custody
 of Restricted Stock . The Shares granted hereunder may be evidenced in such manner as the Company shall determine. The Shares
 may be held, along with any stock dividends and other non-cash distributions relating thereto, in custody by the Company or an agent
 for the Company until it shall become vested. If any certificates are issued for the Shares, the certificates will bear an appropriate
 legend as determined by the Company referring to the applicable restrictions. Upon the vesting of the Shares pursuant to the terms
 hereof and the satisfaction of any withholding tax obligations described below, the Recipient will receive vested shares of Common
 Stock. 

4. 
 Vesting
 Requirements . This Award shall become vested in accordance with the schedule set forth below: 

Vesting
 Date 

of Shares Becoming Vested 
 
 January
 __, 2022 
 
 Fifty
 percent (50.00 ), or (__,000 shares) 

January
 __, 2023 
 
 Fifty
 percent (50.00 ), or (__,000 shares) 

5. 
 Accelerated
 Vesting . Notwithstanding the vesting schedule reflected in the preceding Section 4, Vesting Requirements, or
 Section 7, Termination of Employment, in the event of a Change in Control all restrictions imposed on any then-restricted
 Shares shall terminate (such that any Shares shall vest and become fully transferable) immediately prior to any such event. A Change
 in Control means (i) one party alone, or acting with others, has acquired or gained control over more than fifty percent (50 of the voting shares of the Company; or (ii) the Company merges or consolidates with or into another entity or completes any other
 corporate reorganization, if more than fifty percent (50 of the combined voting power of the surviving entity s securities
 outstanding immediately after such merger, consolidation or other reorganization is owned by persons who were not shareholders of
 the Company immediately prior to such merger, consolidation or other reorganization; or (iii) a majority of the Company s Board
 of Directors is replaced and/or dismissed by the shareholders of the Company without the recommendation of or nomination by the Company s
 current Board of Directors; or (iv) the Company s Chief Executive Officer (the CEO is replaced and/or dismissed
 by shareholders without the approval of the Company s Board of Directors; or (v) the Company sells, transfers or otherwise
 disposes of all or substantially all of the consolidated assets of the Company and the Company does not own stock in the purchaser
 or purchasers having more than fifty percent (50 of the voting power of the entity owning all or substantially all of the consolidated
 assets of the Company after such purchase. 

6. 
 Rights
 as Shareholder . The Recipient will have the right to vote the Shares and to receive any cash dividends. However, stock dividends,
 stock rights or others securities issued with respect to the Shares shall subject to the same restrictions as exist regarding the
 original Shares. 

7. 
 Termination
 of Employment . If the Recipient ceases to be an employee of the Company for any reason, including, without limitation, death,
 disability, termination for cause or without cause or voluntary separation, the Shares granted to the Recipient that have not vested
 prior to such time will no longer vest, and any such Shares, if issued, shall be returned to the Company for cancellation, and neither
 the Recipient nor his or her heirs, executors, administrators or successors shall have any right or interest in any of such unvested
 restricted stock. 

8. 
 No
 Guarantee of Employment . Recipient acknowledges and agrees that the vesting of shares
 pursuant to the vesting schedule hereof is earned only by continuing service as an employee at the will of the Company and not through
 the act of being granted the Award. The Recipient further acknowledges and agrees that this Restricted Stock Agreement, the transactions
 contemplated hereunder and the vesting schedule set forth herein do not constitute an express or implied promise of continued retention
 as an employee for the vesting period, for any period, or at all, and shall not interfere with the Recipient s right or the
 Company s right to terminate the Recipient s service as an employee at any time, with or without cause. 

9. 
 Award
 Not Transferable . The Shares are not transferable except by will or the laws of descent and distribution, and may not be
 assigned, negotiated, or pledged in any way (whether by operation of law or otherwise), and shall not be subject to execution, attachment
 or similar process. 

10. 
 Conformity
 to Securities Laws . The Recipient acknowledges that the Plan is intended to conform, to the extent necessary, with all provisions
 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and any and all regulations and rules
 promulgated thereunder by the Securities and Exchange Commission. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Plan shall
 be administered only in such a manner as to conform to such laws, rules and regulations. To the extent permitted by applicable law,
 the Plan and this Restricted Stock Agreement shall be deemed amended to the extent necessary to conform to such laws, rules and regulations. 

11. 
 Tax
 Withholding . The Company may require, as a condition to the vesting of any shares of the Shares, that the Recipient concurrently
 pay to the Company any taxes which the Company is required to withhold by reason of such vesting. In lieu of part or all of such
 payment, the Recipient may request, subject to such rules and regulations as the Board may adopt from time to time, that the Company
 withhold a portion of the shares otherwise becoming vested to defray all or a portion of any applicable taxes, or request that the
 Company withhold the required amounts from other compensation, if any, payable to the Recipient. 

12. 
 Restricted
 Stock Legend . While the Recipient is a member of the Board of Directors of the Company or otherwise an Affiliate of the Company,
 the stock certificates evidencing the Shares shall indicate that the Shares are restricted stock. 

13. 
 Entire
 Agreement; Governing Law . The Plan is incorporated herein by reference. The Plan and this Restricted Stock Agreement constitute
 the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede in their entirety all prior undertakings
 and agreements of the Company and Recipient with respect to the subject matter hereof, and may not be modified adversely to the Recipient s
 interest except by means of a writing signed by the Company and the Recipient. This Restricted Stock Agreement is governed by Nevada
 law except for that body of law pertaining to conflict of laws. 

[THE
REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK] 

By
your signature and the signature of the Company s representative below, you and the Company agree that this Award is granted under
and governed by the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Restricted Stock Agreement. The Recipient has reviewed the Plan and this
Restricted Stock Agreement in their entirety, has had an opportunity to obtain the advice of counsel prior to executing this Restricted
Stock Agreement and fully understands all provisions of the Plan and Restricted Stock Agreement. Recipient hereby agrees to accept as
binding, conclusive and final all decisions or interpretations of the Board of Directors upon any questions relating to the Plan and
Restricted Stock Agreement. The Recipient further agrees to notify the Company upon any change in the residence address indicated below. 

RECIPIENT: 
 
 DIGITAL
 ALLY, INC. 

By: 

Signature 

Signature 

Thomas
 J. Heckman 

Print
 Name 

Residence
 Address 

Title: 
 CFO,
 Treasurer Secretary 

CONSENT
OF SPOUSE 

The
undersigned spouse of Recipient has read and hereby approves the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Restricted Stock Agreement.
In consideration of the Company s granting his or her spouse the right to purchase Shares as set forth in the Plan and this Restricted
Stock Agreement, the undersigned hereby agrees to be irrevocably bound by the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Restricted Stock
Agreement and further agrees that any community property interest shall be similarly bound. The undersigned hereby appoints the undersigned s
spouse as attorney-in-fact for the undersigned with respect to any amendment or exercise of rights under the Plan or this Restricted
Stock Agreement. 

Spouse
 of Recipient 

</EX-10.19>

<EX-21.1>
 5
 ex21-1.htm

Exhibit
21.1 

Subsidiaries
of Registrant 

Subsidiary
 Legal Name 
 
 Status 
 
 State
 of Organization 
 
 Type
 of Organization 
 
 Entity 
 Organizational ID # 

Digital
 Ally International, Inc. 
 
 Subsidiary-100 
 owned 
 
 Nevada 
 
 Corporation 
 
 NV20091423731 
 
 Shield
 Products, LLC 
 
 Subsidiary-100 
 owned 
 
 Kansas 
 
 Limited
 Liability Company 
 
 9656117 
 
 Digital
 Ally Healthcare, Inc. 
 
 Subsidiary-100 
 owned 
 
 Nevada 
 
 Corporation 
 
 NV20212106205 
 
 Nobility
 Healthcare, LLC. 
 
 Subsidiary-51 
 owned 
 
 Kansas 
 
 Limited
 Liability Company 
 
 9920075 
 
 TicketSmarter,
 Inc. 
 
 Subsidiary-100 
 owned 
 
 Nevada 
 
 Corporation 
 
 NV20211727915 
 
 TicketSmarter,
 LLC 
 
 Subsidiary-100 
 owned 
 
 Kansas 
 
 Limited
 Liability Company 
 
 9430463 
 
 Goody
 Tickets, LLC 
 
 Subsidiary-100 
 owned 
 
 Kansas 
 
 Limited
 Liability Company 
 
 6503932 
 
 Worldwide
 Reinsurance, Ltd. 
 
 Subsidiary-100 
 owned 
 
 Bermuda 
 
 Private
 Limited Company 
 
 47713 
 
 Digital
 Connect, Inc. 
 
 Subsidiary-100 
 owned 
 
 Nevada 
 
 Corporation 
 
 NV20222319342 
 
 BirdVu
 Jets, Inc. 
 
 Subsidiary-100 
 owned 
 
 Nevada 
 
 Corporation 
 
 NV20222550723 
 
 Kustom
 440, Inc. 
 
 Subsidiary-100 
 owned 
 
 Nevada 
 
 Corporation 
 
 NV20222550723 
 
 Kustom
 Entertainment, Inc. 
 
 Subsidiary-100 
 owned 
 
 Nevada 
 
 Corporation 
 
 NV20222805846 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 6
 ex23-1.htm

Exhibit
23.1 

CONSENT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We
consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement File No. 333-270129, File No. 333-146874, File No. 333-180393, File
No. 333-190117, File No. 333-199095, File No. 333-202943, File No. 333-205136, File No. 333-211534, File No.333-220086, File No. 333-226940,
File No. 333-231810, File No. 333-250124 and File No. 333-270129 on Forms S-8 and on File No. 333-227664 and File No. 333-239419 on Forms
S-3 of Digital Ally, Inc. of our report dated March 31, 2023, which includes an explanatory paragraph as to the Company s ability
to continue as a going concern, with respect to our audits of the consolidated financial statement of Digital Ally, Inc. as of and for
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, which report is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Digital Ally, Inc. 

/s/
RBSM LLP 

New
York, NY 

 March
31, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-24.1>
 7
 ex24-1.htm

EXHIBIT
24.1 

POWER
OF ATTORNEY 

Each
person whose signature appears below, hereby authorizes and appoints Stanton E. Ross and Thomas J. Heckman or either of them as his attorneys-in-fact
with full power of substitution and re-substitution, to sign and file on his behalf individually and in each such capacity stated, below,
the Annual Report of Digital Ally, Inc. on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, and any amendments thereto to be filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission, the NASDAQ Stock Market or similar body, and otherwise, as fully as such person could do in person,
hereby verifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact, or their or his substitutes or substitute, may lawfully do or cause
to be done by virtue hereof. 

SIGNATURE
 AND TITLE 
 
 DATE 

/s/
 Stanton E. Ross 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Stanton
 E. Ross, Director and Chief Executive Officer 

/s/
 Leroy C. Richie 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Leroy
 C. Richie, Director 

/s/
 Michael J. Caulfield 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Michael
 J. Caulfield, Director 

/s/
 Daniel F. Hutchins 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Daniel
 F. Hutchins, Director 

/s/
 Christian J. Hoffmann, III 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Christian
 J. Hoffmann, III, Director 

/s/
 Thomas J. Heckman 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Thomas
 J. Heckman, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer 

</EX-24.1>

<EX-31.1>
 8
 ex31-1.htm

EXHIBIT
31.1 

DIGITAL
ALLY, INC. 

 CERTIFICATIONS 

I,
 Stanton E. Ross , Chief Executive Officer of Digital Ally, Inc., certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Digital Ally, Inc. 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report. 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report. 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; 

(c)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date:
March 31, 2023 

By: 
 /s/
 Stanton E. Ross 

STANTON
 E. ROSS 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 9
 ex31-2.htm

EXHIBIT
31.2 

DIGITAL
ALLY, INC. 

 CERTIFICATIONS 

I,
 Thomas J. Heckman , Chief Financial Officer of Digital Ally, Inc., certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Digital Ally, Inc. 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report. 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report. 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(c)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date:
March 31, 2023 

By: 
 /s/
 Thomas J. Heckman 

THOMAS
 J. HECKMAN 

Chief
 Financial Officer 
 (Principal
 Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 10
 ex32-1.htm

EXHIBIT
32.1 

DIGITAL
ALLY, INC. 

 CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 19
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Digital Ally, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Stanton E. Ross , Chief
Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that: 

(1)
The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

/s/
 Stanton E. Ross 

STANTON
 E. ROSS 

Chief
 Executive Officer 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

March
31, 2023 

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting
the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided
to Digital Ally, Inc. and will be retained by Digital Ally, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff
upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 11
 ex32-2.htm

EXHIBIT
32.2 

DIGITAL
ALLY, INC. 

 CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 19
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Digital Ally, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Thomas J. Heckman, Chief Financial
Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
that: 

(1)
The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

/s/
 Thomas J. Heckman 

THOMAS
 J. HECKMAN 

Chief
 Financial Officer 
 (Principal
 Financial Officer) 

March
 31, 2023 

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting
the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided
to Digital Ally, Inc. and will be retained by Digital Ally, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff
upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 dgly-20221231.xsd
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 dgly-20221231_def.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 15
 dgly-20221231_lab.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 16
 dgly-20221231_pre.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

