<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230303_10-K_edgar_data_1691421_0001691421-23-000032.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>17847584</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>737284</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3331399</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6612522</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3606622</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3221596</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>16</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001691421-23-000032.hdr.sgml : 20230303
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230302214327
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001691421-23-000032
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		139
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230303
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230302

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Lemonade, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001691421
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FIRE, MARINE & CASUALTY INSURANCE [6331]
		IRS NUMBER:				320469673
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39367
		FILM NUMBER:		23701517

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5 CROSBY STREET
		STREET 2:		3RD FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10013
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9176089499

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5 CROSBY STREET
		STREET 2:		3RD FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10013

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001691421-23-000032.txt : 20230303

10-K
 1
 lmnd-20221231.htm
 10-K

lmnd-20221231 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 for the transition period from to 
 Commission file number: 

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 

, 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company," and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 
 The aggregate market value of the common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant, based on the closing sales price of 18.26 on June 30, 2022, was approximately . 
 
 Registrant had shares of common stock outstanding as of March 3, 2023. 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Table of Contents 

 Page Part I Cautionary Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements 
 2 
 Summary Risk Factors 
 3 
 Item 1 Business 
 5 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 23 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 66 
 Item 2. Properties 
 66 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 66 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 66 
 Information About Our Executive Officers and Directors 
 67 
 Part II Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 70 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 71 
 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 72 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 93 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 94 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 99 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 
 100 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Convertible Preferred Stock and Stockholders' Equity (Deficit) 
 101 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 103 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 104 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 
 144 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 144 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 145 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 145 
 Part III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 146 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 146 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owner and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 146 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 147 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 147 
 Part IV Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 148 
 Index to Exhibits 
 149 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 152 
 Signatures 
 153 
 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Annual Report contains forward-looking statements. We intend such forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act. All statements other than statements of historical fact contained in this Annual Report are forward-looking statements, including without limitation, statements regarding our future results of operations and financial position, our ability to attract, retain and expand our customer base, our ability to operate under and maintain our business model, our ability to maintain and enhance our brand and reputation, our ability to effectively manage the growth of our business, the effects of seasonal trends on our results of operations, our ability to attain greater value from each customer, our ability to compete effectively in our industry, the future performance of the markets in which we operate, our ability to maintain reinsurance contracts, the anticipated benefits of the Metromile acquisition and the plans and objectives of management for future operations and capital expenditures. These statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other important factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. 
 
 In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as may, will, should, expect, plan, anticipate, could, intend, target, project, contemplate, believe, estimate, predict, potential , or continue or the negative of these terms or other similar expressions. The forward-looking statements in this Annual Report are only predictions. We have based these forward-looking statements largely on our current expectations and projections about future events and financial trends that we believe may affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this Annual Report and are subject to a number of important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements, including the factors described under the sections in this Annual Report titled Risk Factors and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 You should read this Annual Report and the documents that we reference in this Annual Report completely and with the understanding that our actual future results may be materially different from what we expect. We qualify all of our forward-looking statements by these cautionary statements. Except as required by applicable law, we do not plan to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements contained herein, whether as a result of any new information, future events, changed circumstances or otherwise. 
 
 In this Annual Report, unless we indicate otherwise or the context otherwise requires, "Lemonade," the Company," "we," "our," "ours" and "us" refer to Lemonade, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries, including Lemonade Insurance Company, Lemonade Insurance Agency, LLC, and Metromile, Inc. 

2 

Table of Contents 

 SUMMARY RISK FACTORS 
 
 Our business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including those described in Part I Item 1A. Risk Factors in this Annual Report. You should carefully consider these risks and uncertainties, together with all of the other information contained in this Annual Report, when investing in our common stock. The principal risks and uncertainties affecting our business include the following: 
 
 We have a history of losses and we may not achieve or maintain profitability in the future. 
 Our success and ability to grow our business depend on retaining and expanding our customer base. If we fail to add new customers or retain current customers, our business, revenue, operating results and financial condition could be harmed. 
 The "Lemonade" brand may not become as widely known as incumbents' brands or the brand may become tarnished. 
 Denial of claims or our failure to accurately and timely pay claims could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. 
 Our future revenue growth and prospects depend on attaining greater value from each user. 
 The novelty of our business model makes its efficacy unpredictable and susceptible to unintended consequences. 
 We could be forced to modify or eliminate our Giveback, which could undermine our business model and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Our limited operating history makes it difficult to evaluate our current business performance, implementation of our business model, and our future prospects. 
 We may not be able to manage our growth effectively. 
 Intense competition in the segments of the insurance industry in which we operate could negatively affect our ability to attain or increase profitability. 
 Reinsurance may be unavailable at current levels and prices, which may limit our ability to write new business. Furthermore, reinsurance subjects us to counterparty risk and may not be adequate to protect us against losses. 
 Failure to maintain our risk-based capital at the required levels could adversely affect the ability of our insurance subsidiaries to maintain regulatory authority to conduct our business. 
 If we are unable to expand our product offerings, our prospects for future growth may be adversely affected. 
 Our proprietary artificial intelligence algorithms may not operate properly or as we expect them to, which could cause us to write policies we should not write, price those policies inappropriately or overpay claims that are made by our customers. Moreover, our proprietary artificial intelligence algorithms may lead to unintentional bias and discrimination. 
 Regulators may limit our ability to develop or implement our proprietary artificial intelligence algorithms and/or may eliminate or restrict the confidentiality of our proprietary technology. 
 New legislation or legal requirements may affect how we communicate with our customers, which could have a material adverse effect on our business model, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 We rely on artificial intelligence and our digital platform to collect data points that we evaluate in pricing and underwriting our insurance policies, managing claims and customer support, and improving business processes, and any legal or regulatory requirements that restrict our ability to collect this data could thus materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 We may require additional capital to grow our business, which may not be available on terms acceptable to us or at all. 
 Security incidents or real or perceived errors, failures or bugs in our systems, website or app could impair our operations, result in loss of personal customer information, damage our reputation and brand, and harm our business and operating results. 
 We are periodically subject to examinations by our primary state insurance regulator, and insurance regulators of other states in which we are licensed to operate, which could result in adverse examination findings and necessitate remedial actions. We collect, process, store, share, disclose and use customer information and other data, and our actual or perceived failure to protect such information and data, respect customers' privacy or comply with data privacy and security laws and regulations could damage our reputation and brand and harm our business and operating results. 
 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 If we are unable to underwrite risks accurately and charge competitive yet profitable rates to our customers, our business, results of operations and financial condition will be adversely affected . 
 Our product development cycles are complex and subject to regulatory approval, and we may incur significant expenses before we generate revenues, if any, from new products. 
 Our expansion within the United States and any future international expansion strategy will subject us to additional costs and risks and our plans may not be successful. 
 The insurance business, including the market for renters and homeowners insurance, is historically cyclical in nature, and we may experience periods with excess underwriting capacity and unfavorable premium rates, which could adversely affect our business. 
 We are subject to extensive insurance industry regulations. 
 State insurance regulators impose additional reporting requirements regarding enterprise risk on insurance holding company systems, with which we must comply as an insurance holding company. 
 Severe weather events and other catastrophes, including the effects of climate change and global pandemics, are inherently unpredictable and may have a material adverse effect on our financial results and financial condition. 
 Climate risks, including risks associated with disruptions due to any transition to a low-carbon economy, could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Increasing scrutiny, actions, and changing expectations from investors, customers, regulators and our employees with respect to environmental, social and governance ESG matters may impose additional costs on us, impact our access to capital, or expose us to new or additional risks. 
 We expect our results of operations to fluctuate on a quarterly and annual basis. In addition, our operating results and operating metrics are subject to seasonality and volatility, which could result in fluctuations in our quarterly revenues and operating results or in perceptions of our business prospects. 
 We rely on data from our customers and third parties for pricing and underwriting our insurance policies, handling claims and maximizing automation, the unavailability or inaccuracy of which could limit the functionality of our products and disrupt our business. 
 Our results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected due to limitations in the analytical models used to assess and predict our exposure to catastrophe losses. 
 Our actual incurred losses may be greater than our loss and loss adjustment expense reserves, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our insurance subsidiaries are subject to minimum capital and surplus requirements, and our failure to meet these requirements could subject us to regulatory action. 
 We are subject to assessments and other surcharges from state guaranty funds, and mandatory state insurance facilities, which may reduce our profitability. 
 As a public benefit corporation, our focus on a specific public benefit purpose and producing a positive effect for society may negatively impact our financial performance. 
 Our directors have a fiduciary duty to consider not only our stockholders' interests, but also our specific public benefit and the interests of other stakeholders affected by our actions. A joint investment committee consisting of our Co-Founders and an executive of SoftBank will have sole voting and dispositive control over the shares owned by the entities affiliated with SoftBank Group Corp. This joint investment committee further concentrates voting power with our Co-Founders, which could limit your ability to influence the outcome of important transactions, including a change in control. 
 We conduct certain of our operations in Israel and therefore our results may be adversely affected by political, economic and military instability in Israel and the region. 

4 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 
 Item 1. Business 
 Overview 
 Lemonade is rebuilding insurance from the ground up on a digital substrate and an innovative business model. By leveraging technology, data, artificial intelligence, contemporary design, and social impact, we believe we are making insurance more delightful, more affordable, and more precise. To that end, we have built a vertically-integrated company with wholly-owned insurance carriers in the United States and Europe, and the full technology stack to power them. 
 A brief chat with our bot, AI Maya, is all it takes to get covered with renters, homeowners, pet, car or life insurance, and we expect to offer a similar experience for other insurance products over time. Claims are filed by chatting with another bot, AI Jim, who pays claims in as little as three seconds. This breezy experience belies the extraordinary technology that enables it: a state-of-the-art platform that spans marketing to underwriting, customer care to claims processing, finance to regulation. Our architecture melds artificial intelligence with the human kind, and learns from the prodigious data it generates to become ever better at delighting customers and evaluating risk. 
 In addition to digitizing insurance end-to-end, we also reimagined the underlying business model to minimize volatility while maximizing trust and social impact. To lessen the volatility inherent in an industry directly impacted by the weather, we utilize several forms of reinsurance, with the goal of dampening the impact on our gross margin. The result is that excess claims are generally offloaded to reinsurers, while excess premiums can be donated to nonprofits selected by our customers as part of our annual "Giveback". These two ballasts, reinsurance and Giveback, reduce volatility, while creating an aligned, trustful, and values-rich relationship with our customers. 
 Our Business Model 
 At the foundation of our business model is a direct, digital, customer-centric experience that delivers rapid growth and strong retention. Our customer-centricity runs deep, and our underlying business model is designed to align interests between us and our customers. This technology-first customer acquisition and retention strategy, combined with our unconflicted business model, results in a highly attractive financial model. 
 We leverage technology in everything we do. More than 93 of homeowners insurance policies in the United States are sold via agents, making a platform that finds, onboards, and digitally serves consumers end-to-end very much an outlier. Our digital substrate enables us to integrate marketing and onboarding with underwriting and claims processing, collecting and deploying data throughout, to constantly drive efficient customer acquisition, enhance the experience, and mitigate risk. This approach results in significant, rapid scale coupled with high customer satisfaction. 
 To align our interests with those of our customers, encourage good behavior and build a long-term relationship based on mutual trust, we endeavor to decouple our financial incentives from variability in claims. Unlike many of our competitors, we work to minimize incentives to deny legitimate claims as we aim to give back, rather than pocket, leftover monies. Our reinsurance contracts serve to lessen volatility in our operating results, as a material portion of claims are borne by our reinsurance partners. See "Risk Factors Risks Relating to Our Business . Reinsurance may be unavailable at current levels and prices, which may limit our ability to write new business. Furthermore, reinsurance subjects us to counterparty risk and may not be adequate to protect us against losses, which could have a material effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 After our customers purchase a policy, we ask them to designate a charitable cause for us to support. As a result, we believe customers are less inclined to embellish claims as they could be hurting a nonprofit they care about, rather than an insurance company they do not. 
 Strong retention rates and a subscription-based model create highly-recurring and naturally-growing revenue streams, and provide visibility into our top-line results. Our reinsurance construct, in turn, mitigates the bottom-line volatility inherent in traditional insurance companies, where profits quite literally depend on the weather. With our reinsurance agreements offloading residual claims, and our Giveback policy offloading residual premiums, we have two powerful ballasts that reduce volatility, while creating an aligned, trustful, and values-rich relationship with our customers. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 This combination of a customer-focused onboarding experience, a customer-aligned business model, and a revenue stream that grows along with our customers' insurance needs, has created a sustainable financial model that we are proud of. Over time, we believe our platform will continue to efficiently acquire new customers and give us the ability to service their growing needs at a lower cost, and with higher satisfaction levels, than the industry at large. 
 Our Technology 
 Data Advantage 
 Our proprietary and entirely integrated technology stack is a key enabler of our strategy and business model. Interactions with our customers across our platform generate a trove of data, which in turn improves interactions with our customers across our platform. 
 AI Maya 
 AI Maya, our playful onboarding and customer experience bot, uses natural language to guide customers through an easy and fun process of joining Lemonade. Maya handles everything from collecting information and personalizing coverage to creating quotes and facilitating payments securely. By asking customers a limited number of high-impact questions, and adapting based on their responses, AI Maya is able to dramatically reduce onboarding times while still collecting and utilizing the data that is central to our continuous improvement. 
 AI Jim 
 AI Jim is our claims bot, and, as of December 31, 2022, 98 of the time, it is AI Jim that will take the first notice of loss from a Lemonade customer making a claim, paying the claimant or declining the claim without human intervention (and with zero claims overhead, known as loss adjustment expense, or LAE). AI Jim triages and assigns claims he is not authorized to settle, or ones where he identifies concerns, to human claims experts, analyzing each expert's specialty, qualifications, workload, and schedule to determine to whom to assign the claim. Even where human escalation is needed, AI Jim will have done much of the heavy lifting so our team can settle claims and support customers in their hour of need as quickly and smoothly as possible. 
 The claims process represents the most acute pain point in the insurance experience, and it is where animosity toward the industry is most commonly cultivated. Re-imagining claims for the benefit of the customer, by aligning interests and incentives and by removing friction, hassle, cost, and delays, is therefore a key driver of our leadership in customer satisfaction. 
 CX.AI 
 CX.AI is our bot platform built to understand and instantly resolve customer requests without human intervention. About 27 of all Lemonade customer inquiries are currently handled this way. Customers often require assistance pre- or post-purchase, ranging from coverage questions to making changes to their policy, such as adding a spouse, updating coverage amounts, changing payment methods, or adding newly purchased items. CX.AI uses Natural Language Processing to analyze and understand customers' requests, helping them perform a growing set of tasks. 
 The efficiency boost CX.AI delivers is exemplified by its impact on 'moving' tickets. Until December 2018, a large number of support tickets handled by our human CX (Customer Experience) team were requests related to customers moving to new apartments or homes. CX.AI understands what customers are saying, asks for the information it needs, and takes it from there: canceling the existing policy when the time is right, evaluating the risk of the new address, transferring all customized coverages to the new policy, pricing it, processing the payment, and sending the new policy to the customer by email. The process takes a few seconds. 
 Our customer-facing technologies, AI Maya, AI Jim, and CX.AI deliver a superior experience at a fraction of the cost, all the while collecting and utilizing far more data than their human counterparts. A similar construct powers the rest of the Company. 
 Our 'behind the scenes technology' is structured within three proprietary applications: Forensic Graph, Blender, and Cooper. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 Forensic Graph 
 Forensic Graph utilizes the combined power of behavioral economics, big data, and AI to predict, deter, detect, and block fraud throughout the customer engagement. The FBI estimates that insurance fraud in the United States (excluding health insurance fraud) costs more than 40 billion per year in increased premiums. It is a complicated problem to solve for traditional insurers, mostly due to data paucity. Forensic Graph tracks untold signals and analyzes relationships between things which may appear trivial or invisible to humans, but in which our machine learning uncovers complex multivariate links that have helped us avoid millions of dollars' worth of potential losses. 
 Blender 
 Blender is a robust insurance management platform that we built with customer centricity and exponential efficiency in mind. This is a built-from-scratch, cutting edge backend system, designed as a single, cohesive, and streamlined management tool for our customer experience, underwriting, claims, growth, marketing, finance, and risk teams. When a claims experience specialist logs in to Blender, for example, they instantly see all claims assigned to them by AI Jim. Blender then provides them with instructions for next steps, and when possible, includes coverage determinations, and alerts of suspicious activity. Critically, they will also see an extraordinary amount of information about the users' behavior patterns and their claim, background information, risk indicators, insurance history, and much more. If a vendor is needed, for example, to assess the damage, all appropriate suppliers will pop up in Blender, and can be dispatched to the field, and paid, at the push of a button. Blender brings similar integrated, customer-centric, and focused workflows to the other Lemonade teams as well. 
 Cooper 
 Cooper is our internal bot (we like to think of him as our own Jarvis) who runs important parts of our Company. Cooper handles complex as well as repetitive tasks, from helping our customer experience team handle lengthy, manual processes such as processing paper checks, to automatically running tens of thousands of tests on each release of our software. Cooper continuously analyzes spectrometry imaging beamed from NASA's satellites, identifying wildfires in real time and blocking ads and sales in the affected areas; Cooper collates and formats materials for our regulatory filings; and he even handles most of our engineering task allocation, code deployment, Q A, and more. Cooper makes our team dramatically more efficient and keeps evolving and learning with time. 
 Forensic Graph, Blender, and Cooper, together with AI Maya, AI Jim, and CX.AI, run atop our Customer Cortex. The Customer Cortex, like a central nervous system, is the place where all data about our customers is transmitted, continuously analyzed, and then used by all six applications. 
 Growth Opportunities 
 Acquire more customers 
 About 90 of our current home and renters customers said that they were not switching to Lemonade from another carrier. We are well positioned to grow our customer base by continuing to attract first time buyers, an underserved population replenishing every year. 
 Our delightful experience and competitive pricing also attract customers who switch from their existing carriers. Our bot automatically files the necessary paperwork to cancel a customer's old policy, removing what is typically a barrier to switching. As we continue to strengthen brand recognition and execute our marketing strategy, we will look to increase the number of customers migrating to the Lemonade platform. 
 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 Grow within our existing customer base 
 As our customers move up the economic ladder and through lifecycle events, their insurance needs evolve to higher value products: renters continuously acquire more property and frequently upgrade to successively larger homes. Growing households often need car, pet, and life insurance, and additional coverage. These progressions regularly trigger orders of magnitude jumps in insurance premiums, and within states that offer all of Lemonade s suite of products - Renters, Home, Car, Pet, and Life - we are seeing more and more customers have multi Lemonade policies. For example in Illinois, the first state to have all of Lemonade s suite of products for the 12-month period, the rate of bundling , that is, customers who went from a single-policy to a multi-policy, is growing quarter after quarter, increasing both premium and retention. We aim to provide an unmatched user experience in order to retain customers throughout their lifespan, expanding their lifetime value without incurring any incremental costs of acquisition. 
 Expand to new products 
 Our strategy of growing with our customers also lends itself to expanding into new lines of insurance, as lifecycle events trigger the need for additional insurance products. 
 
 Our regulatory framework, technology stack, and brand are all extensible to new lines of insurance, and we anticipate that these will contribute to our growth in the future. In just the last two years, we have added life, pet and car insurance to our growing portfolio of offerings, and expect to add additional coverage types over time. 
 Expand to new geographies 
 As of December 31, 2022, we are licensed to sell renters, homeowners, pet and/or car insurance policies in 50 states of the United States and Washington, D.C. We operate in 38 of those states and Washington, D.C., which collectively represents approximately 92 of the U.S. population. Our strong brand and unique business model drive rapid growth and allow us to quickly gain share in new markets. We also hold a pan-European license, enabling us to passport into and sell in 30 countries across Europe, and subject to the temporary permissions regime in the U.K.,and commenced operations in Germany in 2019, and in the Netherlands and France in 2020. In October, 2022, we began selling contents insurance in the United Kingdom UK on a cross border basis under the UK s Temporary Permission Regime. We also registered two UK branches: (i) Lemonade Insurance N.V., UK 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Branch and its affiliate (ii) Lemonade Agency B.V., UK Branch as part of its process to become a fully licensed insurance branch in the UK. 
 The Lemonade platform is inherently multilingual and agile by design, so that we can efficiently expand into new markets and new products both within the United States and internationally. 
 Our Product Offerings 
 Renters and Homeowners Insurance 
 We currently offer our products to renters and homeowners in the United States, contents and liability insurance in Germany, the Netherlands, France, and the United Kingdom. The insurance we offer in the United States covers stolen or damaged property, and also covers personal liability, which protects our customers if they are responsible for an accident or damage to another person or their property. In a number of states, we also offer landlord insurance policies to condo and co-op owners who rent out their property less than five times a year. 
 The full Lemonade experience is available through our iOS and Android app, as well as through our website. Before a customer purchases one of our policies, we allow the customer to review a summary of their coverage and a sample policy. We also enable the customer to reconfigure their coverage and other policy settings, such as the deductible and start date. After payment via a credit or debit card, we instantly issue the customer their policy documents and send it to them via email. From start to finish, the entire process is completed digitally. 
 In the U.S., our products automatically cover all residents of a household who are related to the customer by marriage, blood, or adoption. In addition to the base coverage we offer for personal property, electronics, furniture, and clothing, our customers can purchase extra coverage to protect against accidental loss, damage, and theft, worldwide, of their jewelry, fine art, and other personal property. 
 
 Pet Insurance 
 
 We currently offer pet insurance that covers diagnostics, procedures, medication, accidents or illness. Even our basic pet insurance offering covers blood tests, urinalysis, X-rays, MRIs, lab work, and CT scans. We also offer two optional add-ons to the basic plan, a wellness package and an extended accident and illness package. These provide additional coverage for preventative care costs, including annual exams and vaccines, and recovery treatments, including physical therapy and hydrotherapy. 
 
 We believe our expansion into pet insurance will allow us to further achieve our long-term strategy of growing with our young customer base by offering new insurance experiences to customers as they progress in their lifecycles. As of December 31, 2022, about 72 of our pet insurance policies were sold to new customers, and about 5 of those have already added a renters or homeowners policy to their pet policy. Customers that bundle our insurance offerings typically save money. The remaining 28 or so of pet insurance policies were sold to existing customers, whose median premium per customer grew roughly 3.7x with little to no incremental customer acquisition costs. 
 
 Car 
 
 We launched car insurance in December 2021 in Illinois, and now offer it in a handful of states. Lemonade Car insurance covers car accidents, weather damage, theft and vandalism, damage from fire, trees, or animals, glass and windshield repair, liability for bodily injury and property damage, medical expenses, roadside assistance, and reimburses drivers for expenses relating to temporary transportation when a car is being repaired, subject to certain exceptions. For each added Lemonade Car customer, we plant trees based on drivers mileage to help offset carbon emissions, and our product was built for drivers with low mileage and environment-friendly cars. 
 
 In July 2022, we announced the completion of the acquisition of Metromile, a pay-per-mile car insurance provider. As part of the acquisition, we received a full-stack insurance entity with 49 state licenses plus the District of Columbia, and precision data from 500 million car trips. 

9 

Table of Contents 

 Life 
 
 Lemonade also provides life insurance product through an arrangement with a third-party administrator TPA which operates as an insurance agent and TPA for a third-party life and health insurance company. With Lemonade s term life insurance offering, individuals age 18 to 60 can apply online for up to 1.5 million in coverage, for terms of 10, 15, 20, 25, and 30 years, without a medical exam or a lab test. Applicants simply answer some basic questions about their health to apply for coverage. With term life offered by Lemonade, policyholders pay a fixed annual premium for the entire term of the policy. 
 Giveback Feature 
 Giveback is a distinctive feature, whereby each year we aim to donate leftover money to causes our customers care about. After our customers purchase a policy, we ask them to select, from a pre-vetted list, a charitable cause to support with the residual premiums from their policy. Behind the scenes, customers who select the same charitable cause are classified as members of the same "cohort." Once a year we look at the loss ratio of each cohort, and provided that we pass the financial ratio tests required by our regulators, we aim to donate the funds remaining, if any, to the charitable cause selected by that cohort. Cohorts with a loss ratio above 40 usually will not receive a Giveback. 
 The Giveback is paid only if payment is authorized by our board of directors in its sole discretion and consistent with its duty of care. See "Risk Factors We could be forced to modify or eliminate our Giveback, which could undermine our business model and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition." Our 2022 Giveback for the 12 month period ended June 30, 2022 amounted to approximately 1 of earned premiums. We calculate our annual Giveback on each anniversary of our primary reinsurance contract. The Giveback is not a contractual obligation to any customer or to any cause, and customers may not take a tax deduction related to the donations. 
 We have informed, and intend to continue to inform, our customers of the amount donated to their selected nonprofit during each Giveback on an annual basis, details of which follow: 
 Giveback Year Number of Nonprofit Organizations Amount 2022 59 1,873,588 2021 65 2,303,381 2020 34 1,128,109 2019 26 631,540 2018 15 162,135 
 Selected nonprofit organizations chosen by customers in 2022 included: Charity Water, Malala Fund, Habitat for Humanity, and many others. Although new and untested, we believe that donating a portion of the money left over after paying claims to nonprofits will discourage fraud and promote greater trust between us and our customers. 
 Our Vertically-Integrated Platform 
 Sales and Marketing 
 Our goal is to increase brand awareness and the number of customers migrating to our platform by utilizing a number of marketing channels to aid our direct-to-consumer sales model. Our primary channel of advertisement is the internet, where we promote our ads and services through various media and social media platforms, including Facebook and Instagram. We also use the data generated in customer support interactions to constantly refine and improve our marketing campaigns. We conduct drip campaigns via email to follow up with those who have inquired about us or started the on-boarding process. Additionally, we enter into agreements with parties who have access to potential customers, including insurance agencies, apartment building owners, and property management companies. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 Underwriting 
 Our digital platform enables us to ask fewer questions of our customers but derive many times more data points from each customer interaction than our competitors. To date we have collected over 8.2 billion data entries, a trove that grows by the minute. Applying machine learning to these data allows us to identify predictive patterns, and these inform our underwriting. Our underwriting process involves collecting this information, classifying and evaluating each individual risk exposure, assessing the impact of the risk on our existing portfolio, and pricing the risk accordingly. When we launched, and had no data of our own, pricing and underwriting were done using easily obtainable industry information. Due to the limitations of these data, customers appeared relatively undifferentiated. As we collected more data, we found that groups our competitors viewed as monolithic were actually made up of predictable sub-groups with over 600 variation in their likelihood to file a claim. 
 Claims Process 
 Powered and driven by our technology, our claims process is conducted via our digital platform, which includes our iOS and Android mobile apps. Claims can be substantiated with receipts, notes of where and when the item was purchased, and in certain cases, police reports. We also ask the customer to record a video explaining their claim to enhance the claim review process. After the customer completes a claim report on our mobile app, the customer is asked to enter bank account information. If the claim is approved, a payment is issued and deposited directly into the customer's account. Claims are commonly paid or declined through our claims-bot, AI Jim, within seconds. 
 While a meaningful portion of simple theft claims are paid almost instantly, in many cases the incident is also reviewed by a human before the claim is approved, and certain property damage claims or liability claims may take longer to settle. In an event that requires immediate assistance or temporary housing as a result of fire, ongoing water damage, or any other structural damage that leaves the customer's home exposed, we contact the customer to assess the situation and provide emergency services, such as water or fire damage cleanup, temporary housing, or a designated specialist. 
 Reinsurance 
 Insurance often produces businesses with highly recurring revenue streams, and hence predictable top lines, but with significant bottom-line volatility, as profits can literally fluctuate with the weather. Earthquakes, hailstorms, wildfires and hurricanes strike with caprice, and can push an otherwise profitable business deep into the red with little or no warning. 
 The first-order consequence of this uncertainty is that insurers often see unwelcome swings in their results. The second-order consequence is that regulators require insurers to keep significant reserves to absorb these swings, making them capital intensive. In defiance of these industry norms, we set out to architect our business to be at once capital-light and possessed of predictable and growing gross margin. Through judicious use of "reinsurance," we believe we have largely achieved these goals. 
 Reinsurance is a financial instrument under which one insurer, the "reinsurer," agrees to cover a portion of the claims of another insurer, the "primary insurer," in return for a portion of their premiums. While this description characterizes all reinsurance, implementations come in different flavors, each with its own costs and benefits. We have entered into a range of reinsurance agreements, differing in both duration and terms, which combine, we believe, to deliver maximum capital efficiency, while optimizing our gross margin for both stability and size. 
 Proportional Reinsurance: Maximize Capital Efficiency 
 The low cost of capital for reinsurance companies creates an opportunity to share premiums and maintain our gross margin while dramatically reducing our capital requirements through a structure called "proportional reinsurance" (also known as "quota share reinsurance"). We currently have proportional reinsurance covering a significant proportion of our business (the "Proportional Reinsurance Contracts"). Under the Proportional Reinsurance Contracts, which span all of our products and geographies, we transfer, or "cede, a fixed share of our premiums to our reinsurers. In exchange, these reinsurers pay us a "ceding commission" of up to 25 for every dollar ceded, in addition to funding all of the corresponding claims. This arrangement mirrors our fixed fee, and hence shields our gross margin from the volatility of claims, while boosting our capital efficiency dramatically. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Under U.S. and E.U. regulatory laws, insurance companies are required to set aside "surplus capital" in accordance with various formulae. These requirements tend to be more onerous for younger companies experiencing rapid growth, such that without reinsurance we would need to reserve as much as 50 cents for every dollar of premiums sold. Our proportional reinsurance structure shifts most of that surplus capital requirement to the reinsurer, reducing these capital requirements significantly. 
 Non-Proportional Reinsurance: Optimize Gross Margin 
 As described above, our Proportional Reinsurance Contracts provide that we cede a significant portion of our premiums to our reinsurers, pushing our capital efficiency to near maximized levels. We have opted to manage the remaining portion of our business with alternative forms of reinsurance, with a view to maximizing profitability. 
 These two remaining goals live in tension with one another: leaving zero "wiggle room" around our fixed fee would guarantee its stability, but would preclude our benefiting from our improving loss ratio. Conversely, any room for improved profitability would also introduce additional volatility into our business. 
 To balance our desire for both growing and stable gross margin, we set out to structure our remaining reinsurance such that variability in our gross margin will be largely contained, though not eliminated entirely. We believe we have achieved this through a combination of reinsurance structures known as "per risk reinsurance" and "facultative reinsurance" (the "Non-Proportional Reinsurance Contracts"). Together, these contracts reduce the maximum amount we would need to pay for any one claim. 
 Our business is exposed to the risk of severe weather conditions and other catastrophes which are inherently unpredictable. To reduce this risk, we also purchase one year property catastrophe excess protection as well as reinsurance to protect us from the peril of earthquake. 
 We believe our reinsurance structure achieves important goals: making us capital-light, buffering our gross margin from the vicissitudes of claims, and leaving room for our gross margin to grow. 
 Duration 
 Our goal of maximizing predictability of our results, while growing gross margin over time, led us to vary not only the terms of our reinsurance agreements, but their term, too. 
 
 The Proportional Reinsurance Contracts are issued by a consortium of five reinsurers, including Hannover Ruck SE, Lloyd s Underwriter Syndicate No. 1084 CSL, MAPFRE Re (Spain), and Swiss Re America (US), each holding an A or better rating from A.M. Best, and each holding a share of the agreement s commitments. Our Non-Proportional Reinsurance Contracts are issued by a collection of reinsurers, each holding an A or better rating from A.M. Best, have a one-year term that expired on June 30, 2022. 
 All told, approximately half of our book is reinsured on a three-year term through June 30, 2023, with the remainder coming up for renewal and renegotiation on an annual basis. We believe that staggering the terms this way provides an appropriate balance between maximizing predictability, and enabling us to capture more margin over time. 
 Investments 
 Our portfolio of investable assets is primarily held in cash, money market funds, and fixed income securities which includes U.S. government and government agencies obligations, corporate debt securities and asset-backed securities with relatively short durations. We manage the portfolio in accordance with the investment policies and guidelines approved by the board of directors. 
 We have designed our investment policy and objectives to provide a balance between current yield, conservation of capital, and liquidity requirements of our operations setting guidelines that provide for a well-diversified investment portfolio that is compliant with insurance regulations applicable to the states in which we operate. Furthermore, our investment policy considers our focus on ESG and prohibits investments in areas such as oil and gas, coal, tobacco, controversial weapons, and non-compliance with the United Nations Global Compact. The policy, which may change from time to time, is approved by the board of directors and is reviewed on a regular basis in order to ensure that the policy evolves in response to changes in the financial markets. See "Note 4 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies" in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report. 
 Competition 
 The homeowners, pet, car and, to a lesser extent, the renters insurance industries in which we operate are highly competitive. While we believe we are well positioned to execute our business model and reinvent insurance, we face significant competition from traditional insurance companies such as Allstate, Farmers, Liberty Mutual, State Farm, GEICO, Progressive and Travelers. Although we are tapping into markets that our competitors have struggled to reach, the incumbent insurance companies are larger than us and have significant competitive advantages over us, including increased name recognition, higher financial ratings, greater resources, additional access to capital and more types of insurance coverage to offer, such as car, health and life insurance, than we currently do. In particular, unlike us, many of these competitors offer consumers the ability to purchase homeowners and multiple other types of insurance products and "bundle" them together, in certain circumstances, include an umbrella liability policy for additional coverage at competitive prices. Moreover, as we expand into new lines of business and offer additional products beyond renters and homeowners insurance, pet and car insurance, we face intense competition from traditional insurance companies that are already established in such markets. Competitors in the pet insurance space include companies such as Nationwide, Embrace, and Trupanion. Competitors in the car insurance space include companies such as Progressive, GEICO and Allstate. 
 We also compete with new market entrants. Competition is based on many factors, including the reputation and experience of the insurer, coverages offered, pricing and other terms and conditions, customer service, relationships with brokers and agents (including ease of doing business, service provided, and commission rates paid), size, and financial strength ratings, among other considerations. We believe we compete favorably across many of these factors, and have developed a digital platform and business model based on artificial intelligence and behavioral economics that we believe will be difficult for incumbent insurance providers to emulate. 
 Intellectual Property 
 The protection of our technology and intellectual property is an important aspect of our business. We intend to rely upon a combination of trademarks, trade secrets, copyrights, confidentiality procedures, contractual commitments, and other legal rights to establish and protect our intellectual property. We generally enter into confidentiality agreements and invention of work product assignment agreements with our employees and consultants to control access to, and clarify ownership of, our proprietary information. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we have 5 issued patents and 2 pending patent applications in the United States. The issued patents generally related to determining the route and parking location of a vehicle, recording trip data associated with a vehicle, and estimating the usage of a vehicle based on refueling events. The issued patents are expected to expire between September 1, 2035 and January 11, 2036. We do not own any foreign patents and do not have any foreign patent applications pending. As of December 31, 2022, we hold 120 foreign registered trademarks and 4 registered trademarks in the United States, including the Lemonade mark, have 16 foreign trademark applications pending and no U.S. trademark applications pending, and hold three copyrights in the United States, covering certain videos, texts, photographs, and artwork displayed on our mobile app and website. We continually review our development efforts to assess the existence and patentability of new intellectual property. 
 Intellectual property laws, procedures, and restrictions provide only limited protection and any of our intellectual property rights may be challenged, invalidated, circumvented, infringed, or misappropriated. Further, the laws of certain countries do not protect proprietary rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States, and, therefore, in certain jurisdictions, we may be unable to protect our proprietary technology. 
 Certified B Corp Status 
 While not required by Delaware law or the terms of our certificate of incorporation, we have been designated as a Certified B Corp. The term "Certified B Corp" does not refer to a particular form of legal entity, but instead refers to companies that are certified by B Lab, an independent nonprofit organization, as meeting rigorous standards of social and environmental performance, accountability, and transparency. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 The first step in becoming a Certified B Corp is completing a comprehensive and objective assessment of a business's positive impact on society and the environment. The assessment varies depending on the company's size (number of employees), and sector. The standards in the assessment are created and revised by an independent governing body that determines eligibility to be a Certified B Corp. 
 By completing a set of over 200 questions that reflect impact indicators, best practices, and outcomes, a company receives a composite score on a 200-point scale representative of its overall impact on its employees, customers, communities, and the environment. Representative indicators in the assessment range from payment above a living wage, employee benefits, charitable giving/community service, and use of renewable energy. 
 Recognition as a Certified B Corp currently requires that a company achieve a reviewed assessment score of at least 80. The review process includes a phone review and a random selection of indicators for purposes of verifying documentation. The assessment also includes a corporate structure review and a disclosure questionnaire, including certain practices, fines, and sanctions related to the company or its partners. 
 Our certification also required us to adopt the public benefit corporation structure, a step we have already completed. Once certified, every Certified B Corp must make its assessment score transparent on the independent non-profit organization's website. Acceptance as a Certified B Corp and continued certification is at the sole discretion of the independent nonprofit organization. 
 Human Capital Resources 
 Employees 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 1,367 employees, 951 of whom were based in the United States and the rest of whom were based outside of the United States, primarily in Israel and the Netherlands. In the Netherlands, certain employees are subject to a collective agreement between the Dutch Association of Insurers and various trade unions. The collective agreement covers wages and terms and conditions of employment. Participation in the collective agreement is mandatory for members of the Dutch Association of Insurers, a leading association of private insurance companies operating in the Netherlands. Beyond this, to our knowledge, none of our employees are represented by a labor union. We consider our relationships with our employees to be good and have not experienced any interruptions of operations due to labor disagreements. 
 As of December 31, 2022, and based on public information from five competing insurance companies in the United States, we estimate that the number of customers per employee for those companies ranges from approximately 150 to approximately 450 customers per employee. We base this estimate on publicly available information, which we have adjusted for comparability. The calculation of "employees" includes insurance agents and brokers because they are a significant cost component for other insurance companies. In comparison to these competitors, our number of customers per employee was approximately 1,300 as of December 31, 2022. 
 Culture and Values 
 Our status as a Certified B Corp and our commitment to charitable giving, in particular our Giveback program distinguishes us from our competitors, with the goal of building a trusting relationship between us, our employees, and our customers. We value the power of creativity and encourage and support the sharing of ideas to enhance our business model. Like the industry in which we operate, we understand the importance and value of a community pooling its resources together for the public good. We value inclusivity, respecting differences, and seamless teamwork in every facet of our business. 
 In 2020, we issued 500,000 shares of common stock as the initial endowment of the Lemonade Foundation, a 501(c)(4) social welfare organization established under Arizona law. By contributing approximately 1 of our common stock to the Lemonade Foundation, we hope to promote charitable giving and other community-centric activities with a nexus to our community. 
 In addition, the Foundation recently launched a first of its kind blockchain based insurance product for the world s most vulnerable farmers. The product was built with a goal of protecting subsistence farmers against the effects of climate change. Thousands of families in Kenya have already been protected by this product, and the Foundation expects to continue scaling this product in the coming months. The product was launched as part of the Lemonade Foundation Crypto Climate Coalition - in cooperation with a number of strategic partners: Hannover Re, Pula, Chainlink, Avalanche, Etherisc and DAOstack. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 Diversity 
 
 We understand that strength lies in the diversity of our employees and drives the innovation behind our product. We encourage employees to bring their lived experiences, and personal strengths, to develop new ideas, improve customer experience and shape our brand. We engage with employees for ideas of nonprofits to partner with, or resources to learn more about a social issue, and their candid (and anonymous, should they choose) feedback about our workplace culture and environment. In the wake of the social justice movements, our employees founded in 2020 an internal anti-racism education group, and continued to share resources, promote racial equity, and develop anti-bias training. 
 
 Health, Safety and Wellness 
 
 As a B Corp, it is part of our legal mission to advance the health, well-being and equity of employees. To that end, employees have access to health and wellness programs, and healthcare plans. 
 
 Geographic Scope of Business 
 
 In the United States, as of December 31, 2022, Lemonade Insurance Company LIC and Metromile Insurance Company MIC are licensed to sell our insurance products in the following states: 
 
 We also currently hold a pan-European license, which enables us to sell in 30 countries across Europe, and subject to the temporary permissions regime in the U.K. We commenced operating in Germany in 2019, in the Netherlands and France in 2020, and in the U.K. in 2022. 
 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 Seasonality 
 For information regarding the seasonality of our business, please refer to Part II, Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of this Annual Report. 
 Regulation of our Business 
 
 Insurance Regulation 
 
 Certain of our U.S. insurance subsidiaries are regulated by insurance regulatory authorities in the states in which we operate. State insurance laws and regulations generally are designed to protect the interests of customers, consumers, and claimants rather than stockholders or other investors. State regulation generally have broad administrative power with respect to all aspects of the insurance business. The regulatory requirements and restrictions include, among others, the following: 
 
 approval of policy forms and premium rates; 
 approval for intercompany service agreements; 
 advertising, marketing, and trade practices; and 
 restrictions on the ability of our regulated insurance subsidiaries to pay dividends to us or enter into certain related party transactions 
 
 Regulation of insurance companies constantly changes as governmental agencies and legislatures react to real or perceived issues. Recently, state insurance regulators have been scrutinizing the industry s practices with respect to the collection and uses of consumer data. 
 
 Required Licensing 
 
 Our regulated U.S. insurance subsidiaries are domiciled and admitted in the states of New York and Delaware. Under a provision of the California Insurance Code, MIC is deemed commercially domiciled in California, meaning that the California Department of Insurance is entitled to regulate certain aspects of MIC s business as if it were actually domiciled in California. 
 
 LIC, MIC, Lemonade Insurance Agency, LLC, Lemonade Life Insurance Agency, LLC, Lemonade E S Insurance Agency, LLC and Metromile Insurance Services LLC must apply for and maintain licenses to provide and sell insurance in those jurisdictions in which they transact insurance businesses. 
 
 Our insurance company and insurance producer subsidiaries are required to adhere to myriad laws and regulatory requirements. The insurance regulators in the states in which our subsidiaries do the business of insurance are empowered to conduct on-site visits and examine the financial affairs and market conduct practices of those entities. Insurance regulators have broad administrative powers to impose monetary penalties and/or restrict or revoke licenses to transact business for violations of applicable laws and regulations. 
 
 Restrictions on Paying Dividends 
 
 We are a holding company that transacts a majority of our business through operating subsidiaries. Consequently, our ability to pay dividends to stockholders and meet our debt payment obligations is largely dependent on dividends and other distributions from our subsidiaries. Applicable insurance laws restrict the ability of our regulated insurance subsidiaries to declare stockholder dividends. Applicable insurance regulators require insurance companies to maintain specified levels of statutory capital and surplus. 
 
 Insurance regulators have broad powers to prevent reduction of statutory surplus to inadequate levels, and there is no assurance that dividends of the maximum amounts calculated under any applicable formula would be permitted to be made by our insurance subsidiaries. State insurance regulatory authorities that have jurisdiction over the payment of dividends by our regulated insurance subsidiaries may in the future adopt statutory provisions more restrictive than those currently in effect. 

16 

Table of Contents 

 Investment Regulation 
 
 LIC is subject to New York s insurance laws and MIC is subject to Delaware and California s laws regarding the composition of their investments. Those laws generally require diversification of their investment portfolios and limits on the amount of their investments in certain categories. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations would cause non-conforming investments to be treated as non-admitted assets for purposes of measuring statutory surplus and, in some instances, would require those companies to sell those investments. 
 
 Licensing of Our Employees and Adjusters 
 
 In most states in which we operate, insurance claims adjusters are required to be licensed and some must fulfill annual continuing education requirements. In most instances, our employees who are negotiating coverage terms are underwriters and are not required to be licensed agents. As of December 31, 2022, 365 employees were required to maintain and did maintain requisite licenses for these activities in most states in which we operate. 
 
 Enterprise Risk, Cybersecurity, and Other Recent Developments 
 
 The National Association of Insurance Commissioners NAIC has engaged in a concerted effort to strengthen the ability of U.S. state insurance regulators to monitor U.S. insurance holding company groups. Among other things, the NAIC s model, when adopted, requires the ultimate controlling person of an insurance company to submit an annual enterprise risk management report that describes the risk that an activity, circumstance, event, or series of events involving one or more affiliates of an insurer will, if not remedied promptly, be likely to have a material adverse effect upon the financial condition or liquidity of the insurer or its insurance holding company system as a whole. Recently, the NAIC has developed model laws requiring annual reports concerning the nature of corporate governance within an insurance holding company. 
 
 In 2012, the NAIC adopted the Risk Management and Own Risk and Solvency Assessment ORSA Model Act (the ORSA Model Act to require domestic insurers to maintain a risk management framework and establishes a legal requirement for domestic insurers to conduct an ORSA in accordance with the NAIC s ORSA Guidance Manual. The ORSA Model Act provides that domestic insurers, or their insurance group, must regularly conduct an ORSA consistent with a process comparable to the ORSA Guidance Manual process. The ORSA Model Act also provides that, no more than once a year, an insurer s domiciliary regulator may request that an insurer submit an ORSA summary report, or any combination of reports that together contain the information described in the ORSA Guidance Manual, with respect to the insurer and the insurance group of which it is a member. When the ORSA Model Act is adopted by a particular state, it imposes more extensive filing requirements on parents and affiliates of domestic insurers. Delaware has adopted its version of the ORSA Model Act and New York has implemented portions of the ORSA Model Act. 
 
 In the course of our business, we collect and maintain confidential and personal information. As a result, we are subject to U.S. federal and state privacy and data security laws and regulations that, among other things, require that we institute and maintain certain policies and procedures to safeguard this information from improper use or disclosure. For example, in 2017, the NYDFS adopted a broad cybersecurity regulation that requires financial services institutions to, among other things, implement and maintain a cybersecurity program and a cybersecurity policy that will be monitored and tested periodically, develop controls and technology standards for data protection, meet minimum standards in response to any cybersecurity breach and annually certify their compliance with the regulation. Additionally, in 2017 the NAIC adopted the Insurance Data Security Model Law, which established standards for data security and for the investigation and notification of insurance commissioners of cybersecurity events involving unauthorized access to, or the misuse of, certain nonpublic information. A number of states have enacted the Insurance Data Security Model Law or similar laws, and we expect more states to follow. 
 
 California has enacted legislation restricting the use of automated systems to communicate with people online. California enacted a statute making it unlawful for any person to use a bot to communicate with another person in California online with the intent to mislead the other person about its artificial identity for the purpose of knowingly deceiving the person about the content of the communication in order to incentivize a purchase or sale of goods or services in a commercial transaction. The statute provides that a person using a bot will not be liable under the statute if the person discloses that it is a bot. See Risk Factors Risks Relating to Our Business New legislation or legal requirements may affect how we communicate with our customers, which could have a material adverse effect on our business model, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 GDPR 
 
 The General Data Protection Regulation (E.U.) 2016/679 (the GDPR applies to our activities to the extent that those activities take place in the context of our establishments in the European Union and the United Kingdom General Data Protection Regulation and Data Protection Act 2018 (collectively, the U.K. GDPR applies to our activities to the extent that those activities take place in the context of our establishments in the U.K.. In addition, the GDPR/U.K. GDPR may apply to our activities that involve the processing of personal data of individuals in the European Union or U.K. to whom we offer our products or services. The GDPR/U.K. GDPR could also apply to our business if we were to monitor the activities of individuals in the European Union or U.K.. As we expand into Europe or U.K., the compliance obligations under the GDPR/U.K. GDPR (as set out above) will become more significant. See Risk Factors Risks Relating to Our Business We may face particular privacy, data security, and data protection risks as we continue to expand into Europe or U.K. in connection with the GDPR/U.K. GDPR and other data protection regulations. 
 
 Federal and State Legislative and Regulatory Changes 
 
 A number of federal laws affect and apply to the insurance industry, including various privacy laws, the Fair Credit Reporting Act FCRA ), and the economic and trade sanctions implemented by the Office of Foreign Assets Control OFAC of the U.S. Department of the Treasury. OFAC maintains and enforces economic sanctions against certain foreign countries and groups and prohibits U.S. persons from engaging in certain transactions with certain persons or entities. OFAC has imposed civil penalties on persons, including insurance and reinsurance companies, arising from violations of its economic sanctions program. 
 
 Credit for Reinsurance 
 
 State insurance laws permit U.S. insurance companies, as ceding insurers, to take financial statement credit for reinsurance that is ceded, so long as the assuming reinsurer satisfies the state s credit for reinsurance laws. There are several different ways in which the credit for reinsurance laws may be satisfied by an assuming reinsurer, including being licensed in the state, being accredited in the state, or maintaining certain types of qualifying collateral. We ensure that LIC and MIC are able to take full financial statement credit for their reinsurance. 
 
 Insolvency Funds and Associations, Mandatory Pools, and Insurance Facilities 
 
 Most states require admitted property and casualty insurance companies to become members of insolvency funds or associations which generally protect customers against the insolvency of the admitted insurance companies. Members of the fund or association must contribute to the payment of certain claims made against insolvent insurance companies through annual assessments. The annual assessments required in any one year will vary from state to state, and are subject to various maximum assessments per line of insurance. 
 
 Risk-Based Capital 
 
 Risk-based capital laws are designed to assess the minimum amount of capital that an insurance company needs to support its overall business operations and to ensure that it has an acceptably low expectation of becoming financially impaired. State insurance regulators use risk-based capital to set capital requirements, considering the size and degree of risk taken by the insurer and taking into account various risk factors including asset risk, credit risk, underwriting risk, and interest rate risk. As the ratio of an insurer s total adjusted capital and surplus decreases relative to its risk-based capital, the risk-based capital laws provide for increasing levels of regulatory intervention culminating with mandatory control of the operations of the insurer by the domiciliary insurance department at the so-called mandatory control level. Our regulators in New York, Delaware and California require annual reporting to confirm that LIC and MIC hold in excess of the minimum amount of risk-based capital necessary for their operations. Insurers falling below a calculated threshold may be subject to varying degrees of regulatory action. Failure to maintain risk-based capital at the required levels could adversely affect the ability of LIC and MIC to maintain the regulatory approvals necessary to conduct their businesses. As of December 31, 2022, LIC maintained a risk-based capital level of 376 and MIC maintained a risk-based capital level of 440 . 

18 

Table of Contents 

 IRIS Ratios 
 
 The NAIC Insurance Regulatory Information System IRIS is a collection of analytical tools designed to provide state insurance regulators with an integrated approach to screening and analyzing the financial condition of insurance companies operating in their respective states. IRIS consists of two phases: statistical and analytical. In the statistical phase, the NAIC database generates key financial ratio results based on financial information obtained from insurers annual statutory statements. The statistical phase highlights those insurers that merit the highest priority in the allocation of the state insurance regulators resources. The ratios are not, in themselves, indicative of adverse financial conditions. The analytical phase is a review of the annual statements, financial ratios, and other automated solvency tools. An insurance company may fall out of the usual range for one or more ratios for any number of reasons and a ratio falling outside the prescribed "usual range" is not considered a failing result. Rather, unusual values are viewed as part of the regulatory early monitoring system. The primary goal of the analytical phase is to identify companies that appear to require immediate regulatory attention. 
 
 Statutory Accounting Principles 
 
 Statutory accounting principles SAP is a basis of accounting developed by U.S. insurance regulators to monitor and regulate the solvency of insurance companies. In developing SAP, insurance regulators were primarily concerned with evaluating an insurer s ability to pay all its current and future obligations to customers. As a result, statutory accounting focuses on conservatively valuing the assets and liabilities of insurers, generally in accordance with standards specified by the insurer s domiciliary jurisdiction. Uniform statutory accounting practices are established by the NAIC and generally adopted by regulators in the various U.S. jurisdictions. These accounting principles and related regulations determine, among other things, the amounts our regulated insurance subsidiaries may pay to us as dividends and differ somewhat from U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles GAAP ), which are designed to measure a business on a going-concern basis. GAAP gives consideration to matching of revenue and expenses and, as a result, certain expenses are capitalized when incurred and then amortized over the life of the associated policies. The valuation of assets and liabilities under GAAP is based in part on best estimate assumptions made by the insurer. Stockholders equity represents both amounts currently available and amounts expected to emerge over the life of the business. As a result, the values for assets, liabilities, and equity reflected in financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP may be different from those reflected in financial statements prepared under SAP. 
 
 Rate Regulation 
 
 Nearly all states have insurance laws requiring personal property and casualty insurers to file rating plans, policy or coverage forms, and other information with the state s regulatory authority. In many cases, such rating plans, policy forms, or both must be approved prior to use. 
 
 The speed with which an insurer can change rates in response to competition or increasing costs depends, in part, on whether the rating laws are (i) prior approval, (ii) file-and-use, or (iii) use-and-file laws. In states having prior approval laws, the regulator must approve a rate before the insurer may use it. In states having file-and-use laws, the insurer does not have to wait for the regulator s approval to use a rate, but the rate must be filed with the regulatory authority prior to being used. A use-and-file law requires an insurer to file rates within a certain period of time after the insurer begins using them. Eighteen states, including California and New York, have prior approval laws. Under all three types of rating laws, the regulator has the authority to disapprove a rate filing. 
 
 An insurer s ability to adjust its rates in response to competition or to changing costs is dependent on an insurer s ability to demonstrate to the regulator that its rates or proposed rating plan meets the requirements of the rating laws. In those states that significantly restrict an insurer s discretion in selecting the business that it wants to underwrite, an insurer can manage its risk of loss by charging a rate that reflects the cost and expense of providing the insurance. In those states that significantly restrict an insurer s ability to charge a rate that reflects the cost and expense of providing the insurance, the insurer can manage its risk of loss by being more selective in the type of business it underwrites. When a state significantly restricts both underwriting and pricing, it becomes more difficult for an insurer to maintain its profitability. 
 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 From time to time, the personal lines insurance industry comes under pressure from state regulators, legislators, and special-interest groups to reduce, freeze, or set rates at levels that do not correspond with our analysis of underlying costs and expenses. We expect this kind of pressure to persist. State regulators may interpret existing law or rely on future legislation or regulations to impose new restrictions that adversely affect profitability or growth. We cannot predict the impact on our business of possible future legislative and regulatory measures regarding insurance rates. 
 
 European Regulation 
 
 Our European insurance entities consist of Lemonade Insurance N.V., Lemonade Agency B.V. and Lemonade B.V. Lemonade Insurance N.V. is a licensed non-life insurer established in the Netherlands and is subject to key financial rules and regulations including the Second European Solvency Directive 2009/138/EC (as amended, the Solvency II Directive Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35 (as amended, the Delegated Regulation , together with the Solvency II Directive referred to as the Solvency II Regulations the implementing technical standards and regulatory technical standards issued by the European Insurance and Occupational Pensions Authority EIOPA the European Insurance Distribution Directive (Directive (EU) 2016/97, IDD the Dutch Financial Supervision Act Wet op het financieel toezicht , DFSA and the lower rules and regulations promulgated thereunder; the International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union ("IFRS-EU"); and national regulations, as well as local conduct of business requirements, in each of the jurisdictions in which it operates. Currently, the European Commission is preparing for a review of the Solvency II Directive. Lemonade Agency B.V. is subject to the IDD, the DFSA and national regulations, as well as local business conduct requirements, in each of the jurisdictions in which it operates. Lemonade B.V. is an insurance holding company within the meaning of article 212 of the Solvency II Directive, as implemented in article 1:1 DFSA. 
 
 The Solvency II Regulations 
 
 The Solvency II Directive, as implemented in the DFSA and other national regulations, such as the German Insurance Supervisory Act Versicherungsaufsichtsgesetz ), prescribes uniform rules for insurers and their activities and services. More specifically, the Solvency II Directive provides rules and regulations relating to, inter alia , Lemonade Insurance N.V. s authorization requirements (including the European passport regime), its minimum own funds and solvency and its governance. Governance requirements include the need to ensure sound business operations, implement mandatory key functions (being Actuarial, Compliance, Internal Audit and Risk) and requirements relating to Lemonade Insurance N.V. s Management Board members, Supervisory Board Members and other key personnel. The Delegated Regulation is promulgated under the Solvency II Directive and provides detailed requirements relating to some of the Solvency II Directive s broader requirements. 
 
 IDD and other conduct of business rules 
 
 The IDD provides a harmonized regime for insurance distribution activities. It regulates the way insurance products are designed and sold both by insurance intermediaries e.g . Lemonade Agency B.V.) and directly by insurance undertakings e.g . Lemonade Insurance N.V.). The rules and regulations set out in the IDD have been implemented in the DFSA. The provisions set out in the IDD mainly relate to standards of product disclosure, promotional materials and product governance and oversight. Local regulations and conduct of business rules implemented in each of the European member states in which both Lemonade Agency B.V. and Lemonade Insurance N.V. do business supplement the requirements set out in the IDD. 
 
 Financial and other Regulators 
 
 Lemonade Insurance N.V. is subject to primary supervision by the Dutch Central Bank De Nederlandsche Bank , DNB as the supervisory authority of its home member state. In addition, it is subject to supervision by the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets Autoriteit Financi le Markten , AFM ). The AFM is the regulator tasked with conduct supervision relating to Lemonade Insurance N.V. s Dutch activities. The German Federal Financial Supervisory Authority Bundesanstalt f r Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht , BaFin ), as the supervisory authority of a host member state. BaFin is the competent regulator tasked with the supervision of Lemonade Insurance N.V. s compliance with German regulations and conduct requirements. The French Autorit de Contr le Prudentiel et de R solution, "ACPR", which is charged with preserving the stability of the financial system and protecting the customers, insurance policyholders, members and beneficiaries of the persons that it supervises, and Organisme pour le Registre des Interm diaires en Assurance, "ORIAS", an association under the supervision of the Treasury 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 Department in France and in charge of approving insurance intermediaries operating on the French market; the Bank of England s Prudential Regulation Authority PRA in charge of prudentially regulating and supervising financial services firms operating in the UK; the British Financial Conduct Authority FCA ), whose role includes protecting consumers, keeping the industry stable, and promoting healthy competition between financial service providers. 
 
 Lemonade Agency B.V. is subject to supervision by the AFM. Lemonade B.V. as parent and Lemonade Insurance N.V. as subsidiary is an E.U. sub-group within the meaning of Article 213(2)(b) of Solvency II, as implemented in article 3:285 (2) DFSA. Lemonade B.V. is subject to group supervision by DNB under the Solvency II Directive. The relevant EU supervisory body for insurers, EIOPA, has limited supervisory powers in the Netherlands, however it plays an important role in drafting and issuing technical standards and preparing guidance relating to various European directives and regulations. EIOPA aims to accomplish efficient and harmonized financial supervision across the European Union. 
 
 Lemonade Agency B.V. is subject to supervision by the AFM. Lemonade B.V. as parent and Lemonade Insurance N.V. as subsidiary is an E.U. sub-group within the meaning of Article 213(2)(b) of Solvency II, as implemented in article 3:285 (2) DFSA. Lemonade B.V. is subject to group supervision by DNB under the Solvency II Directive. The relevant EU supervisory body for insurers, EIOPA, has limited supervisory powers in the Netherlands, however it plays an important role in drafting and issuing technical standards and preparing guidance relating to various European directives and regulations. EIOPA aims to accomplish efficient and harmonized financial supervision across the European Union. 
 
 DNB and AFM employ a risk-based and proportionate approach to supervision, comprising a firm systemic framework, which focuses on the continuous assessment of how firms manage the risks they create and identifying the root causes of risk. DNB regularly pro-actively contacts insurers to discuss matters of strategy, day-to-day operations and the current (and expected future) financial standing of the undertaking, in order to assess what parts of a regulated undertaking (if any) could pose (systemic) risk. In addition, DNB monitors operations and business through monthly updates, the submission of Quantitative Reporting Templates, by reviewing annual reports, approving prospective Management Board and Supervisory Board members prior to their appointment and through scheduled and unannounced audits. 
 
 DNB also regulates the acquisition and increase of control over certain authorized firms, such as insurers. Under the DFSA, any person intending to acquire control of, or increase (or decrease) control over, an insurer must first obtain the consent of the DNB. In considering whether to grant or withhold its approval for the acquisition of control, DNB must be satisfied that the acquirer is a fit and proper person and that the interests of consumers would not be threatened by their acquisition of, or increase in, control. A person will be treated as increasing (or decreasing) their control over an insurer if the level of their percentage of (indirect) shareholding or voting power in the insurer crosses the 10, 20, 33, 50 percent or 100 percent threshold. 
 
 Both Lemonade Insurance N.V. and Lemonade Agency B.V. operate in the UK subject to the temporary permissions regime in accordance with which certain European Economic Area based firms may continue to operate in the UK for a limited period following the UK s departure from the European Union. See Required Licensing section below for a description. 
 
 Enforcement 
 
 DNB and AFM expect firms to avoid actions that jeopardize compliance with their statutory objectives and applicable rules and regulations and have extensive powers to intervene in the affairs of a regulated firm. When DNB is concerned that an insurer may present a risk, this may lead to negative consequences, including the requirement to maintain a higher level of regulatory capital (via capital add-ons under the Solvency II Directive) to match the higher perceived risks and enforcement action where the risks identified breach applicable rules and regulations. In case of a breach of our license requirements or obligations arising from the applicable rules and regulations, although both DNB and AFM must apply the principle of proportionality in all of their actions, the regulators have a large amount of discretion in determining what measures to impose (if any) in order to address, remedy, or sanction the breach. DNB and the AFM have a large amount of enforcement tools at their disposal to sanction breaches of applicable rules and regulations, including (public) formal warnings, orders to adopt a certain course of conduct, incremental penalties, and administrative fines. In addition, breaches may lead to a revocation of an undertaking license and, in the case of insurers, where the breach relates to material prudential shortcomings, 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 DNB may impose emergency measures (including the appointment of an administrator or the imposition of measures aimed at winding-up the undertaking). 
 
 Required Licensing 
 
 Our subsidiary Lemonade Insurance N.V. is licensed and supervised by the insurance supervision division of DNB as a Solvency II non-life insurance company. DNB, as the supervisory authority of its home member state, has permitted us to sell in other European countries, such as Germany and France, on a Freedom of Services basis. In general, in addition to continuing to meet the threshold conditions to authorization, Lemonade Insurance N.V. and Lemonade Agency B.V. are obliged to comply with European regulations, European directives (in as far as these directives have direct effect in the Netherlands or other European member states in which our subsidiaries do business), the DFSA and the lower regulations set out thereunder, and other national regulations, all of which contain detailed rules covering, among other things, systems and controls, conduct of business, and prudential i.e . capital and solvency) requirements. 
 
 Lemonade Insurance N.V. launched its first product in the UK market in October 2022. Following the departure of the UK from the European Union, European Economic Area firms may continue to operate in the UK for a limited period subject to a temporary permissions regime (the Temporary Permissions Regime ). As such, Lemonade Insurance N.V. operates in the UK as a firm registered in the Netherlands (under Registered No. 846181) authorized and regulated by the DNB, deemed authorized by the Prudential Regulation Authority. Subject to regulation by the Financial Conduct Authority and limited regulation by the Prudential Regulation Authority. The nature and extent of consumer protections may differ from those for firms based in the UK. Details of the Temporary Permissions Regime, which allows EEA-based firms to operate in the UK for a limited period while seeking full authorization, are available on the Financial Conduct Authority s website. The firm has registered a branch establishment in the UK and submitted an application for third country branch authorization in accordance with Part 4A of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 of the UK in order to allow it to continue to operate in the UK on a permanent basis. 
 
 Additional Information 
 
 Our internet website address is www.lemonade.com. In addition to the information about us and our subsidiaries contained in this Annual Report, information about us can be found on our website. Our website and information included in or linked to our website are not part of this Annual Report. 
 
 Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, are available free of charge through our website as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission, (the SEC ). Additionally the SEC maintains an internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information. The address of the SEC s website is www.sec.gov. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the following risks, together with all of the other information contained in this Annual Report, before deciding to invest in our common stock. Our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects could be materially and adversely affected by any of these risks or uncertainties, as well as by risks or uncertainties not currently known to us, or that we do not currently believe are material. In that case, the trading price of our common stock could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. Unless the context indicates otherwise, references in this section to the merger or mergers refer to the acquisition consummated on July 28, 2022 pursuant to the terms of that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of November 8, 2021, by and among Lemonade, Inc., Metromile, Inc., Citrus Merger Sub A, Inc. a wholly-owned subsidiary of Lemonade, Inc. and Citrus Merger Sub B, LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Lemonade, Inc. 
 Risks Relating to Our Business 
 We have a history of losses and we may not achieve or maintain profitability in the future. 
 We have not been profitable since our inception in 2015 and had an accumulated deficit of 859.7 million and 561.9 million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. We incurred net losses of 297.8 million and 241.3 million in the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. We expect to make significant investments to further develop and expand our business. In particular, we expect to continue to expend substantial financial and other resources on marketing and advertising as part of our strategy to increase our user base. The marketing and advertising expenses that we incur are typically expensed immediately while any revenues that they generate are recognized ratably over the 12-month term of each insurance policy that we write. This timing difference can therefore result in expenses that exceed the related revenue generated in any given year. As a public company, we have incurred and expect to continue to incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses that we did not incur as a private company. We expect that our net loss will increase in the near term as we continue to make such investments to grow our business. Despite these investments, we may not succeed in increasing our revenue on the timeline that we expect or in an amount sufficient to lower our net loss and ultimately become profitable. Moreover, if our revenue declines, we may not be able to reduce costs in a timely manner because many of our costs are fixed at least in the short term. In addition, if we reduce variable costs to respond to losses, this may limit our ability to sign up new customers and grow our revenues. Accordingly, we may not achieve or maintain profitability and we may continue to incur significant losses in the future. 
 Our success and ability to grow our business depend on retaining and expanding our customer base. If we fail to add new customers or retain current customers, our business, revenue, operating results and financial condition could be harmed. 
 We have experienced significant customer growth since we commenced operations; however, we may not be able to maintain this growth and thus, our customer base could stop growing or even shrink over time. 
 Our ability to attract new customers and retain existing customers depends, in large part, on our ability to continue to be perceived as providing delightful and superior insurance-buying and claims- filing customer experiences, competitive pricing, and adequate insurance coverage. In order to maintain this perception, we may be required to incur significantly higher marketing and advertising expenses, costs related to improving our service, and lower margins in order to attract new customers and retain existing customers. If we fail to remain competitive on customer experience, pricing, and insurance coverage options, our ability to grow our business and generate revenue by attracting and retaining customers may be adversely affected. 
 There are many factors that could negatively affect our ability to grow our customer base, including if: 
 
 we fail to effectively use search engines, social media platforms, digital app stores, content- based online advertising, and other online sources for generating traffic to our website and our online app; 
 potential customers in a particular marketplace or generally do not meet our underwriting guidelines; 
 our competitors mimic our digital platform, causing current and potential customers to purchase their insurance products instead of our products; 
 our digital platform experiences disruptions; 
 we experience unfavorable shifts in customer perception of our chat-bots; 
 we suffer reputational harm to our brand resulting from negative publicity, whether accurate or inaccurate; 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 we fail to expand geographically; 
 we fail to offer new and competitive products; 
 customers have difficulty installing, updating or otherwise accessing our app or website on mobile devices or web browsers as a result of actions by us or third parties; 
 technical or other problems frustrate the customer experience, particularly if those problems prevent us from generating quotes or paying claims in a fast and reliable manner; or 
 we are unable to address customer concerns regarding the content, privacy, and security of our digital platform. 
 Our inability to overcome these challenges could impair our ability to attract new customers and retain existing customers, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, revenue, operating results and financial condition. 
 The "Lemonade" brand may not become as widely known as incumbents' brands or the brand may become tarnished . 
 Many of our competitors have brands that are well recognized. As a relatively new entrant into the insurance market, we spend considerable money and other resources to create brand awareness and build our reputation. We may not be able to build brand awareness, and our efforts at building, maintaining and enhancing our reputation could fail. Complaints or negative publicity about our business practices, our marketing and advertising campaigns, our compliance with applicable laws and regulations, the integrity of the data that we provide to consumers or business partners, data privacy and security issues, and other aspects of our business, whether valid or not, could diminish confidence in our brand, which could adversely affect our reputation and business. As we expand our product offerings and enter new markets, we need to establish our reputation with new customers, and to the extent we are not successful in creating positive impressions, our business in these newer markets could be adversely affected. There can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain or enhance our reputation, and failure to do so could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. If we are unable to maintain or enhance consumer awareness of our brand cost-effectively, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. 
 Denial of claims or our failure to accurately and timely pay claims could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. 
 We must accurately and timely evaluate and pay claims that are made under our policies. Many factors affect our ability to pay claims accurately and timely, including the efficacy of our artificial intelligence claims processing, the training and experience of our claims adjusters, including our third-party claims administrators, and our ability to develop or select and implement appropriate procedures and systems to support our claims functions. 
 The speed by which our artificial intelligence technology allows us to process and pay claims is a differentiating factor for our business and an increase in the average time to process claims could undermine our reputation and position in the insurance marketplace. Any failure to pay claims accurately or timely could also lead to regulatory and administrative actions or material litigation, or result in damage to our reputation, any one of which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. 
 If our claims adjusters or third party claims administrators are unable to effectively process our volume of non-automated claims, our ability to grow our business while maintaining high levels of customer satisfaction could be compromised, which in turn, could adversely affect our operating margins. 
 Our future revenue growth and prospects depend on attaining greater value from each user. 
 Our future growth and prospects depend on our ability to increase the premium per customer of our users, as described in the section titled "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations." Currently, the large majority of our users are renters. In order to increase our premium per customer, we must increase the number of higher-priced customers, such as homeowners, and the proportion of higher-priced customers relative to lower-priced customers, such as renters. Our business model is premised on the expectation that a significant number of our users that are renters will continue to retain coverage with us as they move from being renters to homeowners. Currently, however, given our limited operating history, substantially all of our current homeowner users are new users who were not previously renters with us. The purchase of a home is a significant event in a person's life and we cannot provide assurances that we will succeed in retaining existing customers that are renters as they become homeowners. This may occur for a variety of factors. For example, at the time a renter 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 purchases a home, he or she is exposed to a large number of service providers who have direct and personal access to that renter in a way that we do not. Those service providers may have, and share, their own views and preferences for homeowners insurance. Furthermore, given the expenditure involved in a home purchasing decision, differences in price between our insurance product and that of our competitors may appear less significant. In addition, there may even be a perception that a higher priced policy from a traditional brand name insurer may be of higher quality when coupled with the size and longevity of such traditional insurers. A failure to retain renters as they transition to homeowner status may materially adversely impact our future growth and prospects. Moreover, we also sell homeowner policies directly, or indirectly through independent insurance agencies, to customers who did not previously have a renters policy with us. To the extent we are unable to sell homeowner policies directly or via our insurance agency partners to new customers either now or in the future, our ability to increase our premium per customer would be negatively impacted, which could materially adversely impact our future growth and prospects. 
 The novelty of our business model makes its efficacy unpredictable and susceptible to unintended consequences. 
 Our business model is predicated on behavioral economics. Under our model, excess premiums can be donated to nonprofits selected by our customers as part of our annual 'Giveback'. While we designed our business model to attract users, align our incentives with those users, discourage fraudulent claims and allow us to offer competitive pricing, our business model may not operate as intended over time and on a larger scale. For example: 
 
 Our commitment to charitable giving through our Giveback program may not align our interests with those of our customers or prospective customers to the extent anticipated. Moreover, our commitment to charitable giving may not resonate with our existing customers or may fail to attract new customers. 
 The amount contributed to nonprofits may be viewed as insufficient by existing or new customers. Furthermore, there may be insufficient money remaining after paying claims to make charitable contributions. 
 See "Business Our Vertically-Integrated Platform Reinsurance." False claims or higher than expected claims could cause reinsurers to charge higher rates, refuse to provide reinsurance or provide reinsurance on less favorable terms. While we have implemented control procedures to detect false claims, such procedures may not prevent such claims from being filed or prevent a sufficient number of them from being paid out. 
 The failure of our business model to function as intended could materially and adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. 
 We could be forced to modify or eliminate our Giveback, which could undermine our business model and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Our Giveback is a cornerstone of our business model that, when coupled with our fixed fee, works to align our interests with those of our customers, which we believe builds trust, minimizes fraud, and keeps our costs down. If a state, federal authority or foreign jurisdiction was to find that the Giveback was a rebate rather than a charitable contribution, or impermissible on other grounds, we may not be able to donate the residual value of our customers' premiums to nonprofits in certain, or any, of the states or foreign jurisdictions in which we operate. If even one regulator were to disallow the Giveback, it could force us to abandon the Giveback in part or entirely, either of which could undermine the behavioral economics foundation on which our business model is based, which in turn could materially and adversely affect our brand, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Additionally, we could modify, reduce or eliminate the Giveback at our discretion for a variety of reasons. Lemonade Insurance Company's board of directors may determine the amount and distribution of the Giveback by taking into consideration various factors such as the current goodwill and reputation of the nonprofit selected by customers, the amount of funds available for distribution by each cohort, the reasonableness of such contribution, and general shareholders' interests, such as the proposed amount and distribution of the Giveback against factors like overall shareholder returns, our financial and operating performance, and our social responsibility and the benefits shareholders and their communities receive from proposed contributions. Before determining the amount of the Giveback, Lemonade Insurance Company's board of directors may also analyze the extent of our reinsurance coverage and management's expectations with respect to such reinsurance coverage for the upcoming fiscal year, particularly as it relates to the amount of capital and surplus required to continue to operate successfully. If after weighing any of these factors, Lemonade Insurance Company's board of directors were to reduce or eliminate the 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 Giveback, our business model would be impacted, which, in turn, could materially and adversely affect our brand, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our limited operating history makes it difficult to evaluate our current business performance, implementation of our business model, and our future prospects. 
 We launched our business to sell renters and homeowners insurance in late 2016 and have a limited operating history. Due to our limited operating history and the rapid growth we have experienced since we began operations, our operating results are hard to predict, and our historical results may not be indicative of, or comparable to, our future results. In addition, we have limited data to validate key aspects of our business model. For example, our user base is made up primarily of renters and we have very few instances of those renters becoming homeowners, a key element of our business model. It is also difficult for us to track that data. We cannot provide any assurance that the data that we collect will provide useful measures for evaluating our business model. Our inability to adequately assess our performance and growth could have a material adverse effect on our brand, business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We may not be able to manage our growth effectively. 
 Our revenue grew from 94.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, 128.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, to 256.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. Our total employees grew from 567 as of December 31, 2020, to 1,119 as of December 31, 2021, and to 1,367 as of December 31, 2022. Our rapid growth has placed and may continue to place significant demands on our management and our operational and financial resources. We have hired and expect to continue hiring additional personnel to support our rapid growth. Our organizational structure is becoming more complex as we add staff, and we will need to enhance our operational, financial and management controls as well as our reporting systems and procedures. We will require significant capital expenditures and the allocation of valuable management resources to grow and change in these areas without undermining our corporate culture of rapid innovation, teamwork and attention to the insurance-buying experience for the customer. If we cannot manage our growth effectively to maintain the quality and efficiency of our customers' insurance- buying experience, as well as their experience as ongoing customers, our business could be harmed as a result, and our results of operations and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. 
 Intense competition in the segments of the insurance industry in which we operate could negatively affect our ability to attain or increase profitability. 
 The renters and homeowners insurance market is highly competitive with carriers competing through product coverage, reputation, financial strength, advertising, price, customer service and distribution. 
 While we face limited direct competition from traditional insurance companies for first-time renters, we face significant competition from traditional insurance companies for homeowners, car and life. Competitors include companies such as Allstate, Farmers, Liberty Mutual, State Farm, GEICO, Progressive and Travelers. These companies are larger than us and have significant competitive advantages over us, including increased name recognition, higher financial ratings, greater resources, and additional access to capital. Our future growth will depend in large part on our ability to grow our homeowners insurance business in which traditional insurance companies retain certain advantages. In particular, unlike us, many of these competitors offer consumers the ability to purchase renters, homeowners and multiple other types of insurance coverage and "bundle" them together into one policy and, in certain circumstances, include an umbrella liability policy for additional coverage at competitive prices. Moreover, as we expand into new lines of business and offer additional products beyond renters, homeowners, pet, life and car insurance, we could face intense competition from insurance companies that are already established in such markets. Competitors in the pet insurance space include companies such as Nationwide, Embrace, and Trupanion. Competitors in the car insurance space include companies such as Progressive, GEICO and Allstate. Additionally, any new insurance products could take months to be approved by regulatory authorities, or may not be approved at all. 
 We currently face competition by technology companies in the markets in which we operate. There are various technology companies that have recently started operating in adjacent insurance categories that may in the future offer renters, homeowners, pet, life and car insurance products. Technology companies may in the future begin operating and offering products at better and more competitive pricing than us, which could cause our results of operations and financial condition to be materially and adversely affected. In addition, traditional insurance companies may seek to adapt their businesses to sell insurance and process claims using technology similar to 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 ours. Given their size, resources, and other competitive advantages, they may be able to erode any market advantage we may currently have over them. 
 Reinsurance may be unavailable at current levels and prices, which may limit our ability to write new business. Furthermore, reinsurance subjects us to counterparty risk and may not be adequate to protect us against losses, which could have a material effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Reinsurance is a contract by which an insurer, which may be referred to as the ceding insurer, agrees with a second insurer, called a reinsurer, that the reinsurer will cover a portion of the losses incurred by the ceding insurer in the event a claim is made under a policy issued by the ceding insurer, in exchange for a premium. Our insurance subsidiaries, LIC and MIC, obtains reinsurance to help manage its exposure to property and casualty insurance risks. Although our reinsurance counterparties are liable to us according to the terms of the reinsurance policies, we remain primarily liable to our policyholders as the direct insurers on all risks reinsured. As a result, reinsurance does not eliminate the obligation of our insurance subsidiaries to pay all claims, and we are subject to the risk that one or more of our reinsurers will be unable or unwilling to honor its obligations, that the reinsurers will not pay in a timely fashion, or that our losses are so large that they exceed the limits inherent in our reinsurance contracts, limiting recovery. Reinsurers may become financially unsound by the time that they are called upon to pay amounts due, which may not occur for many years, in which case we may have no legal ability to recover what is due to us under our agreement with such reinsurer. Any disputes with reinsurers regarding coverage under reinsurance contracts could be time consuming, costly, and uncertain of success. 
 We currently have proportional reinsurance contracts covering a significant portion of our business. Under the Proportional Reinsurance Contracts, which span all of our products and geographies, we transfer, or "cede," a fixed share of our premiums to our reinsurers. In exchange, these reinsurers pay us a "ceding commission" of up to 25 for every dollar ceded, in addition to funding all of the corresponding claims. This arrangement mirrors our fixed fee, and shields our gross margin from the volatility of claims, while improving capital efficiency. We have opted to manage the remaining portion of our business with alternative forms of reinsurance. We have achieved this through the Non-Proportional Reinsurance Contracts. Our business is exposed to the risk of severe weather conditions and other catastrophes which are inherently unpredictable. To reduce risk, on July 1, 2022, we entered into a one year property catastrophe excess of loss treaty. We also purchase reinsurance to protect us from the peril of earthquake. If we are unable to renegotiate, at the same or more favorable terms, the Proportional Reinsurance Contracts or the Non-Proportional Reinsurance Contracts when each expires, such changes could have an adverse impact on our business model. See "Business Our Vertically-Integrated Platform Reinsurance." 
 We may change the structure of our reinsurance arrangement in the future, which may impact our overall risk profile and financial and capital condition. We may be unable to negotiate a new reinsurance contract to provide continuous coverage or negotiate reinsurance on the same terms and rates as are currently available, as such availability depends in part on factors outside of our control. A new contract may not provide sufficient reinsurance protection. Market forces and external factors, such as significant losses from hurricanes or terrorist attacks or an increase in capital requirements, impact the availability and cost of the reinsurance we purchase. If we were unable to maintain our current level of reinsurance, extend our reinsurance contracts or purchase new reinsurance protection in amounts that we consider sufficient at acceptable prices, we would have to either accept an increase in our exposure, reduce our insurance writings or develop or seek other alternatives. 
 The unavailability of acceptable reinsurance cover would have an adverse impact on our business model, which depends on reinsurance companies to absorb any unfavorable variance from the level of losses anticipated at underwriting. If we are unable to obtain adequate reinsurance at reasonable rates, we would have to increase our risk exposure or reduce the level of our underwriting commitments, each of which could have a material adverse effect upon our business volume and profitability. Alternatively, we could elect to pay higher than reasonable rates for reinsurance coverage, which could have a material adverse effect upon our profitability until policy premium rates could be raised, in most cases subject to approval by state regulators, to offset this additional cost. Moreover, if adequate reinsurance cannot be obtained or maintained at reasonable rates, we may be unable to make contributions to the nonprofit organizations selected by our customers as part of our Giveback, which could erode customer trust, damage our brand, and have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 Failure to maintain our risk-based capital at the required levels could adversely affect the ability of our insurance subsidiaries to maintain regulatory authority to conduct our business. 
 We must have sufficient capital to comply with insurance regulatory requirements and maintain authority to conduct our business. The National Association of Insurance Commissioners ("NAIC") has developed a system to test the adequacy of statutory capital of U.S.-based insurers, known as risk-based capital that all states have adopted. This system establishes the minimum amount of capital necessary for an insurance company to support its overall business operations. It identifies insurers, including property-casualty insurers, that may be inadequately capitalized by looking at certain inherent risks of each insurer's assets and liabilities and its mix of net written premiums. Insurers falling below a calculated threshold may be subject to varying degrees of regulatory action, including supervision, rehabilitation or liquidation. Moreover, as a new entrant to the insurance industry, we may face additional capital requirements as compared to those of our larger and more established competitors. Failure to maintain adequate risk-based capital at the required levels could adversely affect the ability of our insurance subsidiaries to maintain regulatory authority to conduct its business. See "Regulation Risk-Based Capital." 
 If we are unable to expand our product offerings, our prospects for future growth may be adversely affected. 
 Our ability to attract and retain customers and therefore increase our revenue depends on our ability to successfully expand our product offerings. While we have historically concentrated our efforts exclusively on the renters and homeowners insurance market, we launched pet insurance in 2020, and life and car insurance in 2021, in order to achieve our long-term growth goals. Our success in the renters and homeowners insurance market depends on our deep understanding of this industry. To penetrate new vertical markets, we will need to develop a similar understanding of those new markets and the associated business challenges faced by participants in them. Developing this level of understanding may require substantial investments of time and resources, and we may not be successful. In addition to the need for substantial resources, insurance regulation could limit our ability to introduce new product offerings or the states in which we offer them. Additionally, any new insurance products could take months to be approved by regulatory authorities, or may not be approved at all. If we fail to penetrate new vertical markets successfully, our revenue may grow at a slower rate than we anticipate and our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. In addition, our decision to expand our insurance product offerings beyond the renters, homeowners, pet, life and car insurance market would subject us to additional regulatory requirements specific to such insurance products, which, in turn, could require us to incur additional costs or devote additional resources to compliance. 
 Our proprietary artificial intelligence algorithms may not operate properly or as we expect them to, which could cause us to write policies we should not write, price those policies inappropriately or overpay claims that are made by our customers. Moreover, our proprietary artificial intelligence algorithms may lead to unintentional bias and discrimination. 
 We utilize the data gathered from the insurance application process to determine whether or not to write a particular policy and, if so, how to price that particular policy. Similarly, we use proprietary artificial intelligence algorithms to process many of our claims. The data that we gather through our interactions with our customers is evaluated and curated by proprietary artificial intelligence algorithms. The continuous development, maintenance and operation of our deep-learned backend data analytics engine is expensive and complex, and may involve unforeseen difficulties including material performance problems, undetected defects or errors, for example, with new capabilities incorporating artificial intelligence. We may encounter technical obstacles, and it is possible that we may discover additional problems that prevent our proprietary algorithms from operating properly. If our data analytics do not function reliably, we may incorrectly price insurance products for our customers or incorrectly pay or deny claims made by our customers. Either of these situations could result in customer dissatisfaction with us, which could cause customers to cancel their insurance policies with us, prevent prospective customers from obtaining new insurance policies, or cause us to underprice policies or overpay claims. Additionally, our proprietary artificial intelligence algorithms may lead to unintentional bias and discrimination in the underwriting process, which could subject us to legal or regulatory liability. State legislatures and insurance regulators have shown increasing concern about the use of artificial intelligence and the potential for discrimination in the underwriting process. For example, in 2022, both the California and Connecticut Departments of Insurance issued bulletins advising insurers of their obligations related to unfair discrimination when using big data and artificial intelligence. We cannot predict what, if any, limitations state legislatures and insurance regulators may place on the use of artificial intelligence. Any of these eventualities could result in a material and adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 Regulators may limit our ability to develop or implement our proprietary artificial intelligence algorithms and/or may eliminate or restrict the confidentiality of our proprietary technology, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our future success depends on our ability to continue to develop and implement our proprietary artificial intelligence algorithms, and to maintain the confidentiality of this technology. Changes to existing regulations, their interpretation or implementation, or new regulations could impede our use of this technology, or require that we disclose our proprietary technology to our competitors, which could impair our competitive position and result in a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 Existing and new legislation or legal requirements may affect how we communicate with our customers, which could have a material adverse effect on our business model, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 State and federal lawmakers, and insurance regulators are focusing upon the use of AI broadly, including concerns about transparency, deception, and fairness in particular. Changes in laws or regulations, or changes in the interpretation of laws or regulations by a regulatory authority, specific to the use of AI, may decrease our revenues and earnings and may require us to change the manner in which we conduct some aspects of our business. In addition, our business and operations are subject to various U.S. federal, state, and local consumer protection laws, including laws which place restrictions on the use of automated and non-automated tools and technologies to communicate with wireless telephone subscribers or consumers generally. 
 For example, in the United States, the CAN-SPAM Act, among other things, obligates the sender of commercial emails to provide recipients with the ability to opt out of receiving future commercial emails from the sender. In addition, the Telephone Consumer Protection Act (TCPA) places restrictions on making outbound calls, faxes, and SMS text messages to consumers using certain types of automated or prerecorded technology or that involve marketing. Among other restrictions under the TCPA, with respect to phone calls and text messages, prior express consent, and in the case of certain marketing messages, prior express written consent, of consumers may be required before sending certain outbound calls or text messages. While we strive to be compliant with these and similar laws, we could face allegations that we have violated the TCPA, CAN-SPAM Act, or similar laws, rules and regulations, and even if these allegations are without merit, we could face lawsuits and related defense costs, liability (such as fines, damages, consent decrees, and injunctions), harm to our reputation and other losses that could harm our business. 
 A California law, effective as of July 2019, makes it unlawful for any person to use a bot to communicate with a person in California online with the intent to mislead the other person about its artificial identity for the purpose of knowingly deceiving the person about the content of the communication in order to incentivize a purchase of goods or services in a commercial transaction. Although we have taken steps to mitigate our liability for violations of this and other laws restricting the use of electronic communication tools, no assurance can be given that we will not be exposed to civil litigation or regulatory enforcement. Further, to the extent that any changes in law or regulation further restrict the ways in which we communicate with prospective or current customers before or during onboarding, customer care, or claims management, these restrictions could result in a material reduction in our customer acquisition and retention, reducing the growth prospects of our business, and adversely affecting our financial condition and future cash flows. 
 We rely on artificial intelligence, telematics, mobile technology, and our digital platforms to collect data that we evaluate in pricing and underwriting our insurance policies, managing claims and customer support, and improving business processes, and any legal or regulatory requirements that prohibit or restrict our ability to collect or use this data could thus materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 We use artificial intelligence, telematics, mobile technology, and our digital platforms to collect data that we evaluate in pricing and underwriting certain of our insurance policies, managing claims and customer support, and improving business processes. If federal, state or international regulators or courts were to determine that the type of data we collect, the process we use for collecting this data or how we use it unfairly discriminates against or otherwise violates the rights of some groups of people, laws and regulations could be interpreted or implemented to prohibit or restrict our ability to collect or use this data. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 State legislatures and insurance regulators have also shown interest in the use of external data and artificial intelligence in insurance practices, including underwriting, marketing and claims practices. The National Association of Insurance Commissioners NAIC adopted Artificial Intelligence Principles in August 2020, and a number of states have had legislative or regulatory initiatives relating to the use of external data and artificial intelligence in the insurance industry, including bulletins issued in 2022 by the California and Connecticut Departments of Insurance advising insurers of their obligations related to unfair discrimination when using big data and artificial intelligence. 
 Due to Proposition 103 in California, our largest market for car insurance, we are currently limited in our ability to use telematics data beyond miles-driven to underwrite insurance, including data on how the car is driven. This could hinder our ability to accurately assess the risks that we underwrite in other states if they were to pass similar laws or regulations. In three other states where we currently operate, we do not use behavioral telematics data because it is either (a) permitted, but we opted out given uncertainty regarding the impact such data would have on pricing, or (b) it is voluntary (meaning the policyholder has to opt in). As we aim to be a fully national provider of insurance across 50 states and the District of Columbia in the future, we will need to comply with the rules and regulations of each market. At this time, we do not know which of our target markets prohibit, permit with conditions, or fully permit the use of behavioral telematics to set premiums, and if permitted, if this will be of benefit to us in pricing. While we are currently in discussions with regulators to allow the use of telematics to a greater extent to underwrite and price insurance policies, we cannot predict the outcome of these discussions, and there can be no assurance that state regulators will revise regulations accordingly, if at all, nor that current permissive states will further restrict the use of such data. Although there is currently limited federal and state legislation outside of California restricting our ability to collect driving behavior data, private organizations are implementing principles and guidelines to protect driver privacy. Some state regulators have expressed interest in the use of external data sources, algorithms and/or predictive models in insurance underwriting or rating. Specifically, regulators have raised questions about the potential for unfair discrimination, disparate impact, and lack of transparency associated with the use of external consumer data. Regulators may also require us to disclose the external data we use, algorithms and/or predictive matters prior to approving our underwriting models and rates. Such disclosures could put our intellectual property at risk. 
 
 Further, the National Association of Insurance Commissioners NAIC ), announced on July 23, 2020 the formation of a new Race and Insurance Special Committee (the Special Committee ). The Special Committee is tasked with analyzing the level of diversity and inclusion within the insurance sector, identifying current practices in the insurance industry that disadvantage minorities and making recommendations to increase diversity and inclusion within the insurance sector and address practices that disadvantage minorities. The Special Committee may look into strengthening the unfair discrimination laws, such as prohibiting the use of credit scores in the underwriting of car insurance. Any new unfair discrimination legislation that would prohibit us from using data that it currently uses or plans to use in the future to underwrite insurance could negatively impact our business. 
 
 Additionally, existing laws, such as the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 CCPA ), future laws, and evolving attitudes about privacy protection may impair our ability to collect, use, and maintain data points of sufficient type or quantity to develop and train our artificial intelligence algorithms. If such laws or regulations were enacted federally or in a large number of states in which we operate, it could impact the integrity and quality of our pricing and underwriting processes. 
 
 There is also increasing focus on regulating the use of artificial intelligence and machine learning in Europe. The European Commission published its proposal for a regulation on artificial intelligence on April 12, 2021 (the E.U. AI Act ), a comprehensive risk-based governance framework for the use of artificial intelligence. The E.U. AI Act is in the early stages of the legislative process but our use of artificial intelligence will likely fall within the scope of the E.U. AI Act once in force, and as such, we will have to ensure our operations are compliant with its requirements, including obligations around transparency, conformity assessments, monitoring, risk assessments, human oversight, security and accuracy. In addition, the European Commission also proposes to update the civil liability regime in the E.U. in relation to the use of artificial intelligence, though these updates are not in force and like the E.U. AI Act is also in the early stages of the legislative process. Following these updates, claimants will be able to bring a claim against operators of artificial intelligence more easily in the case of fault and strict liability will be imposed on artificial intelligence providers for changes made to an artificial intelligence enabled product once the product is already on the market (such as software updates). Once finalized the regulatory framework will require us to make changes to the way we provide our services, require additional compliance measures, lead to substantial costs to ensure compliant practices and could adversely affect our business, operations and financial conditions. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 We depend on search engines, social media platforms, digital app stores, content-based online advertising and other online sources to attract consumers to our website and our online app, which may be affected by third-party interference beyond our control and as we grow our customer acquisition costs will continue to rise. 
 Our success depends on our ability to attract consumers to our website and our online app and convert them into customers in a cost-effective manner. We depend, in large part, on search engines, social media platforms, digital app stores, content-based online advertising and other online sources for traffic to our website and our online app. 
 
 With respect to search engines, we are included in search results as a result of both paid search listings, where we purchase specific search terms that result in the inclusion of our advertisement, and free search listings, which depend on algorithms used by search engines. For paid search listings, if one or more of the search engines or other online sources on which we rely for purchased listings modifies or terminates its relationship with us, our expenses could rise, we could lose consumers and traffic to our website could decrease, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. For free search listings, if search engines on which we rely for algorithmic listings modify their algorithms, our websites may appear less prominently or not at all in search results, which could result in reduced traffic to our websites. 
 
 Our ability to maintain and increase the number of consumers directed to our products from digital platforms is not within our control. Search engines, social media platforms and other online sources often revise their algorithms and introduce new advertising products. If one or more of the search engines or other online sources on which we rely for traffic to our website and our online app were to modify its general methodology for how it displays our advertisements or keyword search results, resulting in fewer consumers clicking through to our website and our online app, our business and operating results are likely to suffer. In addition, if our online display advertisements are no longer effective or are not able to reach certain consumers due to consumers' use of ad-blocking software, our business and operating results could suffer. 
 Additionally, changes in regulations or commercial practices could limit the ability of search engines and social media platforms, including, but not limited to, Google and Facebook, to collect data from users and engage in targeted advertising, making them less effective in disseminating our advertisements to our target customers. For example, the proposed Designing Accounting Safeguards to Help Broaden Oversight and Regulations on Data (DASHBOARD) Act would mandate annual disclosure to the SEC of the type and "aggregate value" of user data used by harvesting companies, such as, but not limited to, Facebook, Google and Amazon, including how revenue is generated by user data and what measures are taken to protect the data. If the costs of advertising on search engines and social media platforms increase, we may incur additional marketing expenses or be required to allocate a larger portion of our marketing spend to other channels and our business and operating results could be adversely affected. Similarly, insurance brokerage and distribution regulation may limit our ability to rely on key distribution platforms, such as the Lemonade API, if the third party distribution platforms are unable to continue to distribute our insurance products pursuant to insurance law and regulations. 
 The marketing of our insurance products depends on our ability to cultivate and maintain cost-effective and otherwise satisfactory relationships with digital app stores, in particular, those operated by Google and Apple. As we grow, we may struggle to maintain cost-effective marketing strategies, and our customer acquisition costs could rise substantially. Furthermore, because many of our customers access our insurance products through an online app, we depend on the Apple App Store and the Google Play Store to distribute our online app. Both Apple and Google have broad discretion to change their respective terms and conditions applicable to the distribution of our online app, including those relating to the amount of (and requirement to pay) certain fees associated with purchases facilitated by Apple and Google through our online app, to interpret their respective terms and conditions in ways that may limit, eliminate or otherwise interfere with our ability to distribute online app through their stores, the features we provide and the manner in which we market in-app products. We cannot assure you that Apple or Google will not limit, eliminate or otherwise interfere with the distribution of our online app, the features we provide and the manner in which we market our online app. To the extent either or both of them do so, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. Furthermore, one of the factors we use to evaluate our customer satisfaction and market position is our Apple App Store ratings. This rating, however, may not be a reliable indicator of our customer satisfaction relative to other companies who are rated on the Apple App Store since, to date, we have received a fraction of the number of reviews of some of the companies we benchmark against. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 We also attract customers through our relationships with certain business development partners. If our business development partners were to charge higher rates or decide to terminate their relationships with us, our ability to attract customers could be materially impaired. In addition, we have expanded our direct to customer acquisition channels, including subway and taxicab panels. Our efforts to acquire customers through direct marketing may subject us to increased regulatory scrutiny by state insurance regulators pursuant to unfair methods of competition or unfair or deceptive acts or practices laws. 
 We may require additional capital to grow our business, which may not be available on terms acceptable to us or at all. 
 To the extent that our capital is insufficient at any point in time to meet future operating requirements (including regulatory capital requirements) or to cover losses, we may need to raise additional funds through financings or curtail our projected growth. Many factors will affect our capital needs as well as their amount and timing, including our growth and profitability, the availability of reinsurance, as well as market disruptions and other developments. 
 Historically, we have funded our operations, marketing expenditures and capital expenditures primarily through equity issuances. We evaluate financing opportunities from time to time, and our ability to obtain financing will depend, among other things, on our development efforts, business plans and operating performance, and the condition of the capital markets at the time we seek financing. In addition, the NYDFS and other regulatory bodies may not permit additional equity issuances or other forms of financing that we may wish to pursue. We cannot be certain that additional financing will be available to us on favorable terms, or at all. 
 If we raise additional funds through the issuance of equity, equity-linked or debt securities, those securities may have rights, preferences or privileges senior to those of our common stock, and our existing stockholders may experience dilution. Any debt financing secured by us in the future could require that a substantial portion of our operating cash flow be devoted to the payment of interest and principal on such indebtedness, which may decrease available funds for other business activities, and could involve restrictive covenants relating to our capital-raising activities and other financial and operational matters, which may make it more difficult for us to obtain additional capital and to pursue business opportunities. 
 If we are unable to obtain adequate financing or financing on terms satisfactory to us, when we require it, our ability to continue to support our business growth, maintain minimum amounts of risk-based capital and to respond to business challenges could be significantly limited, and our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 Interruptions or delays in the services provided by our sole provider of third-party data centers or our internet service providers could impair the operability of our website and our online app and may cause our business to suffer. 
 We currently offer our products through our website and online app using Amazon Web Services ("AWS") data centers, a provider of cloud infrastructure services. We do not have control over the operations of the facilities of AWS that we use. AWS s facilities are vulnerable to damage or interruption from human error, intentional bad acts, earthquakes, floods, fires, severe storms, war, terrorist attacks, power losses, hardware failures, systems failures, telecommunications failures, and similar events, many of which are beyond our control, any of which could disrupt our services, prevent customers from accessing our products, destroy customer data, or prevent us from being able to continuously back up and record data. In the event of significant physical damage to one of these data centers, it may take a significant period of time to achieve full resumption of our services, and our disaster recovery planning may not account for all eventualities. If our data centers or related systems fail to operate properly or become disabled even for a brief period of time, we could suffer financial loss, a disruption of our business, liability to customers or damage to our reputation. We may not be able to easily switch our AWS operations to another cloud or other data center provider if there are disruptions or interference with our use of AWS, and, even if we do switch our operations, other cloud and data center providers are subject to the same risks. Moreover, negative publicity arising from these types of disruptions could damage our reputation and may adversely impact use of our website and online app. We may not carry sufficient business interruption insurance, it may not be sufficient to 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 compensate us for the potentially significant losses, including the potential harm to the future growth of our business that may result from interruptions in our services or products. 
 AWS enables us to order and reserve server capacity in varying amounts and sizes distributed across multiple regions and provides us with computing and storage capacity pursuant to an agreement that continues until terminated by either party. Termination of the AWS agreement may harm our ability to access data centers we need to host our website and online app or to do so on terms as favorable as those we have with AWS. 
 As we continue to expand the number of customers to whom we provide our products and services, we may not be able to scale our technology to accommodate the increased capacity requirements, which may result in interruptions or delays in service. In addition, the failure of AWS data centers or third-party internet service providers to meet our capacity requirements could result in interruptions or delays in access to our website or online app or impede our ability to scale our operations. In the event that our AWS service agreements are terminated, or there is a lapse of service, interruption of internet service provider connectivity or damage to such facilities, we could experience interruptions in access to our website or online app as well as delays and additional expense in arranging new facilities and services, which could harm our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 Security incidents or real or perceived errors, failures or bugs in our systems, website or app could impair our operations, result in loss of personal customer information, damage our reputation and brand, and harm our business and operating results. 
 Our continued success is dependent on our systems, applications, and software continuing to operate and to meet the changing needs of our customers and users. We rely on our technology and engineering staff and vendors to successfully implement changes to and maintain our systems and services in an efficient and secure manner. Like all information systems and technology, our website and online app may contain material errors, failures, vulnerabilities or bugs, particularly when new features or capabilities are released, and may be subject to computer viruses or malicious code, break-ins, phishing impersonation attacks, attempts to overload our servers with denial-of-service or other attacks, ransomware and similar incidents or disruptions from unauthorized use of our computer systems, as well as unintentional incidents causing data leakage, any of which could lead to interruptions, delays or website or online app shutdowns, or could cause loss of critical data, or the unauthorized disclosure, access, acquisition, alteration or use of personal or other confidential information. 
 If we experience compromises to our security that result in technology performance, integrity, or availability problems, the complete shutdown of our website or our online app or the loss or unauthorized disclosure, access, acquisition, alteration or use of confidential information, customers may lose trust and confidence in us, and customers may decrease the use of our website or our online app, or stop using our website or our online app entirely. Further, outside parties may attempt to fraudulently induce employees or customers to disclose sensitive information in order to gain access to our information or customers' information. Because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems change frequently, often they are not recognized until launched against a target, and may originate from less regulated and remote areas around the world, we may be unable to proactively address these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. Even if we take steps that we believe are adequate to protect us from cyber threats, hacking against our competitors or other companies could create the perception among our customers or potential customers that our digital platform is not safe to use. 
 A significant impact on the performance, reliability, security, and availability of our systems, software, or services may harm our reputation, impair our ability to operate, retain existing customers or attract new customers, and expose us to legal claims and government action, each of which could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations, and growth prospects. 
 We are periodically subject to examinations by our primary state insurance regulators, which could result in adverse examination findings and necessitate remedial actions. In addition, insurance regulators of other states in which we are licensed to operate may also conduct examinations or other targeted investigations, which may also result in adverse examination findings and necessitate remedial actions. 
 As a New York State-domiciled insurance company, our primary insurance regulator responsible for our supervision and examination is the NYDFS. Periodically, the NYDFS performs examinations of insurance companies under its jurisdiction to assess compliance with applicable laws and regulations, financial condition and the conduct of regulated activities. A financial condition examination by NYDFS of Lemonade Insurance Company which began on October 28, 2019 was completed on June 23, 2020, and the findings did not necessitate any 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 significant or material remedial actions. These periodic examinations provide the NYDFS a significant opportunity to review and scrutinize our business. If, as a result of any examination, the NYDFS determines that our financial condition, capital resources, or other aspects of any of our operations are less than satisfactory, or that we are in violation of applicable laws or regulations, the NYDFS may require us to take one or more remedial actions or otherwise subject us to regulatory scrutiny, such as pursuant to an enforcement action. We cannot predict with precision the likelihood, nature, or extent of any necessary remedial actions, if any, resulting from any examination, or the associated costs of such remedial actions or regulatory scrutiny. In addition, insurance regulators of other states in which we are licensed to operate periodically conduct financial condition or market conduct examinations or other targeted investigations. We have been subject to, and may in the future be subject to, such examination and investigations. Any regulatory or enforcement action or any regulatory order imposing remedial, injunctive, or other corrective action against us resulting from these examinations or investigations could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, financial condition or results of operations. MIC is subject to a financial examination by the Delaware Department of Insurance every five years, under which it will review the MIC s financials, including its relationships and transactions with affiliates. The Delaware Department of Insurance may also conduct special or targeted examinations to address particular concerns or issues at any time. The Delaware Department of Insurance completed MIC's second financial examination covering the period January 1, 2018 through December 31, 2020, with no findings in the exam report. Insurance regulators of other states in which MIC is licensed may also conduct examinations, There are ongoing examinations by the California Department of Insurance and the New Jersey Department of Banking and Insurance. The results of each examination can give rise to fines and monetary penalties as well as regulatory orders requiring remedial, injunctive, or other corrective action. 
 We collect, process, store, share, disclose and use customer information and other data, and our actual or perceived failure to protect such information and data, respect customers' privacy or comply with data privacy and security laws and regulations could damage our reputation and brand and harm our business and operating results. 
 Use of technology to offer insurance products involves the storage and transmission of information, including personal information, in relation to our staff, contractors, business partners and current, past or potential customers. Security breaches, including by hackers or insiders, could expose confidential information, which could result in potential regulatory investigations, fines, penalties, compliance orders, liability, litigation and remediation costs, as well as reputational harm, any of which could materially adversely affect our business and financial results. For example, unauthorized parties could steal or access our users' names, email addresses, physical addresses, phone numbers and other information that we collect when providing insurance quotes, and credit card or other payment information if a customer agrees to purchase insurance coverage from us. Further, outside parties may attempt to fraudulently induce employees or customers to disclose sensitive information in order to gain access to our information or customers' information. Any of these incidents, or any other types of security or privacy related incidents, could result in an investigation by a competent regulator, resulting in a fine or penalty, or an order to implement specific compliance measures. It could also trigger claims by affected third parties. While we use encryption and authentication technology licensed from third parties designed to effect secure transmission of such information, we cannot guarantee the security of the transfer and storage of personal information. 
 Any or all of the issues above could adversely affect our ability to attract new customers or retain existing customers, or subject us to governmental or third-party lawsuits, investigations, regulatory fines or other actions or liability, resulting in a material adverse effect to our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 In addition, many state legislatures have adopted legislation that regulates how businesses operate online, including measures relating to privacy, data security, and data breaches. Such legislation includes the CCPA, which increases privacy rights for California residents and imposes obligations on companies that process their personal information, including an obligation to provide certain new disclosures to such residents. Specifically, among other things, the CCPA creates new consumer rights, and imposes corresponding obligations on covered businesses, relating to the access to, deletion of, and sharing of personal information collected by covered businesses, including California residents' right to access and delete their personal information, opt out of certain sharing and sales of their personal information, and receive detailed information about how their personal information is used. The law exempts from certain requirements of the CCPA certain information that is collected, processed, sold, or disclosed pursuant to the California Financial Information Privacy Act, the federal Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act or the federal Driver's Privacy Protection Act. The definition of "personal information" in the CCPA is broad and may encompass other information that we maintain beyond that excluded under the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, the Driver's Privacy Protection Act or the California Financial Information Privacy Act exemption. Further, the CCPA provides for civil 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 penalties for violations, as well as a private right of action for certain data breaches that result in the loss of personal information. This private right of action increases the likelihood of, and risks associated with, data breach litigation. 
 Additionally, a new California ballot initiative, the California Privacy Rights Act, or the CPRA, was recently passed in California and expands the scope of the CCPA and creates new consumer privacy rights for California residents, including rights to correct personal information. Further, the CPRA imposes additional obligations on businesses to implement data retention and minimization practices contractually limit the use of personal information by service providers and contractors, perform cybersecurity audits and risk assessments, and implement reasonable security. The CPRA also permits consumers to opt out of the sharing of personal information for use in behavioral advertising, which may impact our ability to market our products and services. The CPRA also establishes the California Privacy Protection Agency, which is the first data privacy regulator in the U.S., to enforce the CPRA. The CPRA strengthens some of the enforcement authority established under the CCPA and could result in increased enforcement actions and fines. We may incur additional costs associated with compliance efforts leading up to the effective date. 
 Some observers have noted that the CCPA and CPRA could mark the beginning of a trend toward more stringent privacy legislation in the United States, and multiple states have enacted, or are expected to enact, similar laws. There is also discussion in Congress of a new comprehensive federal data protection and privacy law to which we likely would be subject if it is enacted. The effects of the CCPA and CPRA, and other similar state or federal laws, are potentially significant and may require us to modify our data processing practices and policies and to incur substantial costs and potential liability in an effort to comply with such legislation. 
 As we continue to expand into Europe, we may also face particular privacy, data security, and data protection risks in connection with requirements of the GDPR and other data protection regulations. The GDPR and the UK GDPR impose comprehensive data privacy compliance obligations in relation to our collection, processing, sharing, disclosure, transfer and other use of data relating to an identifiable living individual or personal data , including a principal of accountability and the obligation to demonstrate compliance through policies, procedures, training and audit. Any failure or perceived failure to comply with these rules may result in regulatory fines or penalties including orders that require us to change the way we process data (including by way of our algorithms). In the event of a data breach, we are also subject to breach notification laws in the jurisdictions in which we operate, including U.S. state laws and the GDPR, and the risk of litigation and regulatory enforcement actions. In addition, a number of federal and state laws and regulations relating to privacy affect and apply to the insurance industry specifically, including those imposed by the NYDFS. See "Business - Regulation." 
 Additionally, we are subject to the terms of our privacy policies and privacy-related obligations to third parties. Any failure or perceived failure by us to comply with our privacy policies, our privacy-related obligations to customers or other third parties, or our privacy-related legal obligations, or any compromise of security that results in the unauthorized release or transfer of sensitive information, which could include personally identifiable information or other user data, may result in governmental or regulatory investigations, enforcement actions, regulatory fines, compliance orders, litigation or public statements against us by consumer advocacy groups or others, and could cause customers to lose trust in us, all of which could be costly and have an adverse effect on our business. In addition, new and changed rules and regulations regarding privacy, data protection (in particular those that impact the use of artificial intelligence) and cross-border transfers of customer information could cause us to delay planned uses and disclosures of data to comply with applicable privacy and data protection requirements. Moreover, if third parties that we work with violate applicable laws or our policies, such violations also may put personal information at risk, which may result in increased regulatory scrutiny and have a material adverse effect to our reputation, business and operating results. 
 We employ third-party licensed software for use in our business, and the inability to maintain these licenses, errors in the software we license or the terms of open source licenses could result in increased costs or reduced service levels, which would adversely affect our business . 
 Our business relies on certain third-party software obtained under licenses from other companies. We anticipate that we will continue to rely on such third-party software in the future. Although we believe that there are commercially reasonable alternatives to the third-party software we currently license, this may not always be the case, or it may be difficult or costly to replace. In addition, integration of new third-party software may require significant work and require substantial investment of our time and resources. Our use of additional or alternative third-party software would require us to enter into license agreements with third parties, which may not be available 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Many of the risks associated with the use of third-party software cannot be eliminated, and these risks could negatively affect our business. 
 Additionally, the software powering our technology systems incorporates software covered by open source licenses. The terms of many open source licenses have not been interpreted by U.S. courts, and there is a risk that the licenses could be construed in a manner that imposes unanticipated conditions or restrictions on our ability to operate our systems. In the event that portions of our proprietary software are determined to be subject to an open source license, we could be required to publicly release the affected portions of our source code or re-engineer all or a portion of our technology systems, each of which could reduce or eliminate the value of our technology systems. Such risk could be difficult or impossible to eliminate and could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 We may be subject to compliance obligations arising from medical information privacy regulations. 
 By processing certain personal injury data on behalf of our clients, we may be subject to specific compliance obligations under privacy and data security-related laws specific to the protection of healthcare information. Although we may be subject to the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act, the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act, and related state laws, we do not have a process in place to assess or align our privacy and security practices specifically against requirements for protecting medical information. 
 We may face particular privacy, data security, and data protection risks as we continue to expand into Europe and the UK in connection with the GDPR, UK GDPR, and other data protection regulations. 
 The GDPR/UK GDPR (herein after referred to as GDPR) applies to the processing of personal data by our business in the context of our establishments in the European Union and/or the UK.. In addition, all portions of our business established outside the European Union may be required to comply with the requirements of the GDPR with respect to the offering of products or services to individuals in the European Union or UK. The GDPR could also apply to our establishments of business outside the European Union if we were to monitor the activities of individuals in the European Union or become established in the European Union/UK. The GDPR and UK GDPR increases the maximum level of fines for the most serious compliance failures to the greater of four percent of annual worldwide turnover or 20,000,000/ GBP17,500,000, respectively. 
 We may also be subject to the local privacy and data protection laws of the E.U. Member States in which we offer products or services, which can carry penalties and potential criminal sanctions. 
 The regulatory requirements and restrictions set out in the GDPR include, among others, the following: 
 
 The GDPR imposes a number of principles with respect to the processing of personal data, including requirements to process personal data lawfully, fairly, and in a transparent manner, to process personal data only to the extent necessary for the purposes required, maintain the accuracy of personal data, limit the retention of personal data for no longer than is necessary, and maintain appropriate technical and organizational security measures against unauthorized processing or accidental loss, destruction, or damage. We are implementing external and internal policies and procedures, technical measures and internal training designed to adhere to those principles; 
 In relation to the transparency principle, the GDPR requires us to provide individuals in the European Union whose personal data we process ("data subjects") with certain information regarding the processing of their personal data by us, and we have an E.U. privacy policy, which can be found at https://www.lemonade.com/de/en/privacy-policy (with respect to Germany), https://www.lemonade.com/nl/en/privacy-policy (with respect to the Netherlands) and http://www.lemonade.com/fr/en/privacy-policy (with respect to France); 
 The GDPR requires us to maintain internal records of our processing activities and to make those records available to regulators on demand; 
 The GDPR requires us to include certain mandatory terms in our agreements with third parties that process personal data subject to the GDPR on our behalf ("Processors") and we are in the process of entering into compliant data processing terms with each of our Processors. If third parties with whom we work were to violate their obligations under the GDPR, and/or under their agreements with us, such violation could potentially have an adverse impact on our business; 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 The GDPR grants data subjects certain rights, including the right to object to the processing of their personal data by us, to request copies of their personal data from us, to receive information regarding the processing of their personal data and to exercise certain other rights against us in respect of their personal data, and we are implementing internal policies and procedures designed to address those rights; 
 The GDPR prohibits automated decision making, i.e. a decision evaluating a data subject's personal aspects based solely on automated processing that produces legal effects or other significant effects for that data subject, except where such decision making is necessary for entering into or performing a contract or is based on the data subject's explicit consent. There is not yet any clear precedent as to whether use of artificial intelligence to make insurance offers to individuals will be considered necessary even though it is integral to our business model. If our automated decision making processes cannot meet this necessity threshold, we cannot use these processes with E.U. data subjects unless we obtain their explicit consent. Relying on consent to conduct this type of processing holds its own risks because consent must be considered freely given (commentators argue that seeking consent by tying it to a service may be problematic) and consent can be withdrawn by a data subject at any time. We are continually monitoring for updates to guidance in this area, however, if subsequent guidance and/or decisions limit our ability to use our artificial intelligence models, that may decrease our operational efficiency and result in an increase to the costs of operating our business. Automated decision making also attracts a higher regulatory burden under the GDPR, which requires the existence of such automated decision making be disclosed to the data subject including a meaningful explanation of the logic used in such decision making, and safeguards must be implemented to safeguard individual rights, including the right to obtain human intervention and to contest any decision; and 
 The GDPR also places limits on the profiling of individuals, i.e. processing of personal data to evaluate certain personal aspects, like analyzing or predicting aspects of a person's economic situation, health, personal preferences, location, etc. There is a lack of clarity on when we can rely on consent from the data subject to conduct profiling, or when we can rely on our legitimate business interests to do so. In the latter case, it is unclear what kind of opt-out mechanism would be required to achieve GDPR compliance. We are continually monitoring for updates to guidance in this area, however, if subsequent guidance and/or decisions limit our ability to engage in profiling, that may decrease our operational efficiency and result in an increase to the costs of operating our business. 
 We are also subject to European Union rules with respect to cross-border transfers of personal data out of the European Economic Area EEA and the United Kingdom, which have recently been subject to judicial scrutiny. Recent legal developments in Europe have created complexity and uncertainty regarding transfers of personal data from the EEA to the United States. Most recently, on July 16, 2020, the Court of Justice of the European Union CJEU invalidated the EU-US Privacy Shield Framework Privacy Shield under which personal data could be transferred from the EEA to US entities who had self-certified under the Privacy Shield scheme. 
 
 While the CJE.U. upheld the adequacy of the standard contractual clauses (a standard form of contract approved by the European Commission as an adequate personal data transfer mechanism, and potential alternative to the Privacy Shield), it made clear that reliance on them alone may not necessarily be sufficient in all circumstances. Use of the standard contractual clauses must now be assessed on a case-by-case basis taking into account the legal regime applicable in the destination country, in particular applicable surveillance laws and rights of individuals and additional measures and/or contractual provisions may need to be put in place, however, the nature of these additional measures is currently uncertain. The CJE.U. went on to state that if a competent supervisory authority believes that the standard contractual clauses cannot be complied with in the destination country and the required level of protection cannot be secured by other means, such supervisory authority is under an obligation 
 to suspend or prohibit that transfer. 
 
 These recent developments will require us to review and amend the legal mechanisms by which we make and/ or receive personal data transfers to/ in the U.S. As supervisory authorities issue further guidance on personal data export mechanisms, including circumstances where the standard contractual clauses cannot be used, and/or start taking enforcement action, we could suffer additional costs, complaints and/or regulatory investigations or fines, and/or if we are otherwise unable to transfer personal data between and among countries and regions in which we operate, it could affect the manner in which we provide our services, the geographical location or segregation of our relevant systems and operations, and could adversely affect our financial results. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 In respect of the GDPR s obligations, we rely on positions and interpretations of the law that have yet to be fully tested before the relevant courts and regulators. If a regulator or court of competent jurisdiction determined that one or more of our compliance efforts does not satisfy the applicable requirements of the GDPR, or if any party brought a claim in this regard, there could be potential governmental or regulatory investigations, enforcement actions, regulatory fines, compliance orders, litigation or public statements against us by consumer advocacy groups or others, and that could cause customers to lose trust in us and damage our reputation. Likewise, a change in guidance could be costly and have an adverse effect on our business. 
 In addition, Directive 2002/58/EC (as amended by Directive 2009/136/EC) (together, the "e-Privacy Directive") governs, among other things, the use of cookies and the sending of electronic direct marketing within the European Union and, as such, will apply to our marketing activities within the European Union. The ePrivacy Directive will be replaced by an E.U. regulation known as the ePrivacy Regulation, which is still under development and is expected to replace current national laws that implement the ePrivacy Directive. As agreement of the final text of ePrivacy Regulation has been significantly delayed, various E.U. Data Protection Authorities have published guidance clarifying that opt-in consent is now required in respect of cookies used for marketing and in most cases analytics (the position on the use of first-party cookies for analytics is not clear) and Data Protection Authorities are beginning to enforce these rules. Recent European court and regulator decisions are also driving increased attention to cookies and tracking technologies. The decline of cookies or other tracking technologies as a means to identify and target potential purchases may increase the cost of operating our business and lead to a decline in revenues and impair our ability to collect user information. In addition, legal uncertainties about the legality of cookies and other tracking technologies may lead to regulatory scrutiny and increase potential civil liability under data protection or consumer protection laws. Any such changes may force us to incur substantial costs or require us to change our business practices which could compromise our ability to pursue our growth strategy effectively and may adversely affect our ability to acquire customers or otherwise harm our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 Any significant change to applicable laws, regulations, interpretations of laws or regulations, or market practices, regarding the use of personal data, or regarding the manner in which we seek to comply with applicable laws and regulations, could require us to make modifications to our products, services, policies, procedures, notices, and business practices, including potentially material changes. Such changes could potentially have an adverse impact on our business. 
 We may be unable to prevent or address the misappropriation of our data. 
 From time to time, third parties may misappropriate our data through website scraping, bots or other means and aggregate this data on their websites with data from other companies. In addition, copycat websites or online apps may misappropriate data and attempt to imitate our brand or the functionality of our website or our online app. If we become aware of such websites or online apps, we intend to employ technological or legal measures in an attempt to halt their operations. However, we may be unable to detect all such websites or online apps in a timely manner and, even if we could, technological and legal measures may be insufficient to halt their operations. In some cases, particularly in the case of websites or online apps operating outside of the United States, our available remedies may not be adequate to protect us against the effect of the operation of such websites or online apps. Regardless of whether we can successfully enforce our rights against the operators of these websites or online apps, any measures that we may take could require us to expend significant financial or other resources, which could harm our business, results of operations or financial condition. In addition, to the extent that such activity creates confusion among consumers or advertisers, our brand and business could be harmed. 
 We rely on the experience and expertise of our Co-Founders, senior management team, highly-specialized insurance experts, key technical employees and other highly skilled personnel. 
 Our success depends upon the continued service of Daniel Schreiber, our co-founder, Co-Chief Executive Officer and a member of our board of directors, and Shai Wininger, our co-founder, Co-Chief Executive Officer and a member of our board of directors (collectively with Mr. Schreiber, our "Co-Founders"), and senior management team, highly-specialized insurance experts and key technical employees, as well as our ability to continue to attract and retain additional highly qualified personnel. Our future success depends on our continuing ability to identify, hire, develop, motivate, retain and integrate highly skilled personnel for all areas of our organization. If we are unable to attract the requisite personnel, our business and prospects may be adversely affected. Each of our Co-Founders, executive officers, specialized insurance experts, key technical personnel and other employees could terminate his or her relationship with us at any time. The loss of either of our Co-Founders or any other member of our senior management team, specialized insurance experts or key personnel might significantly delay or prevent 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 the achievement of our strategic business objectives and could harm our business. We rely on a small number of highly-specialized insurance experts, the loss of any one of whom could have a disproportionate impact on our business. Competition in our industry for qualified employees is intense. Our compensation arrangements, such as our equity award programs, may not always be successful in attracting new employees and retaining and motivating our existing employees. Moreover, if and when the stock options or other equity awards are substantially vested, employees under such equity arrangements may be more likely to leave, particularly when the underlying shares have seen a value appreciation. 
 
 We face significant competition for personnel, particularly in New York, where our headquarters is located and in Tel Aviv, where many of our technical employees are located. To attract top talent, we have to offer, and believe we will need to continue to offer, competitive compensation and benefits packages. We may also need to increase our employee compensation levels in response to competitor actions. If we are unable to hire new employees quickly enough to meet our needs, or otherwise fail to effectively manage our hiring needs or successfully integrate new hires, including our recently hired management team members and new team members as a result of the merger with Metromile, our efficiency, ability to meet forecasts and our employee morale, productivity and retention could suffer, which in turn could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 If our customers were to claim that the policies they purchased failed to provide adequate or appropriate coverage, we could face claims that could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Although we aim to provide adequate and appropriate coverage under each of our policies, customers could purchase policies that prove to be inadequate or inappropriate. If such customers were to bring a claim or claims alleging that we failed in our responsibilities to provide them with the type or amount of coverage that they sought to purchase, Lemonade Insurance Agency, LLC or Metromile Insurance Services LLC could be found liable, resulting in an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. While we maintain agents errors and omissions insurance coverage to protect us against such liability, such coverage may be insufficient or inadequate. 
 
 We conduct certain of our operations in Israel and therefore our results may be adversely affected by political, economic and military instability in Israel and the region. 
 
 We maintain offices in Israel and some of our officers, employees and directors are located in Israel, including our Co-Founders and some of our product development staff, help desk and online sales support operations. As of December 31, 2022, we had 315 full-time employees in Israel. Although we do not currently sell our insurance products in Israel, political, economic and military conditions in Israel and the surrounding region may directly affect our Israeli operations. In recent years, Israel has been involved in sporadic armed conflicts with Hamas, an Islamist terrorist group that controls the Gaza Strip, with Hezbollah, an Islamist terrorist group that controls large portions of Southern Lebanon, and with Iranian-backed military forces in Syria. Some of these hostilities were accompanied by missile strikes from the Gaza Strip against civilian targets in various parts of Israel, including areas in which our officers, employees and directors are located, and negatively affected conditions in Israel. The tension between Israel and Iran and/or these groups may escalate in the future and turn even more violent, which could materially adversely affect conditions in Israel in general and our operations in particular. 
 
 Furthermore, many Israeli citizens are obligated to perform several days, and in some cases more, of annual military reserve duty each year until they reach the age of 40 (or older, for reservists who are military officers or who have certain occupations) and, in the event of a military conflict, may be called to active duty. In response to increases in terrorist activity, there have been periods of significant call-ups of military reservists and it is possible that there will be military reserve duty call-ups in the future. Many of our officers and employees based in Israel may be called upon to perform military reserve duty and, in emergency circumstances, may be called to immediate and unlimited active duty. If this were to occur, our operations could be disrupted by the absence of a significant number of employees, which could materially adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 
 Parties with whom we do business may sometimes decline to travel to Israel during periods of heightened unrest or tension, forcing us to make alternative arrangements when necessary to meet our business partners face to face. Further, shifting economic and political conditions in the United States and in other countries may result in changes in how the United States and other countries conduct business and other relations with Israel, which may have an adverse impact on our Israeli operations and a material adverse impact on our business. In addition, several countries, principally in the Middle East, restrict doing business with Israel, and additional countries may 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 impose restrictions on doing business with Israel and Israeli companies whether as a result of hostilities in the region or otherwise. Moreover, there have been increased efforts by organizations and movements to cause companies and consumers to boycott Israeli goods based on Israeli government policies. Any hostilities, armed conflicts or political instability involving Israel could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 Our commercial insurance may not cover losses that could occur as a result of events associated with the security situation in the Middle East. Any losses or damages incurred by us could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 Continued hostilities between Israel and its neighbors and any future armed conflict, terrorist activity or political instability in the region could adversely affect our operations in Israel and adversely affect the market price of our common stock. An escalation of tensions or violence might result in a significant downturn in the economic or financial condition of Israel, which could have a material adverse effect on our operations in Israel and our business. 
 
 The Israeli government is currently pursuing extensive changes to Israel s judicial system. This has sparked extensive political debate. In response to the foregoing developments, many individuals, organizations and institutions, both within and outside of Israel, have voiced concerns that the proposed changes may negatively impact the business environment in Israel, due to potential reluctance of foreign investors to invest or transact business in Israel, increased currency fluctuations, downgrades in credit rating, increased interest rates, increased volatility in securities markets, and other changes in macroeconomic conditions. To the extent that any of these negative developments occur, they may have an adverse effect on our business, our results of operations, or our ability to raise additional funds, if deemed necessary by our management and board of directors. 
 We may become subject to claims under Israeli law for remuneration or royalties for assigned service invention rights by our Israel-based contractors or employees, which could result in litigation and adversely affect our business. 
 We enter into assignment of invention agreements with employees and contractors, pursuant to which such individuals assign to us all rights to any inventions created in the scope of their employment or engagement with us. Under the Israeli Patent Law, 5727-1967 (the "Israel Patent Law"), inventions conceived by an employee or a person deemed to be an employee during and in consequence of their employment are regarded as "service inventions," which belong to the employer, absent a specific agreement between employee and employer giving the employee service invention rights. In the case of a service invention, employees and former employees may petition the Israeli Compensation and Royalties Committee established under the Israel Patent Law to determine whether they are entitled to remuneration for their service inventions. The Israeli Compensation and Royalties Committee and the Supreme Court have held that employees may be entitled to remuneration for their service inventions despite having waived such rights, resulting in uncertainty under Israeli law with respect to the efficacy of waivers of service invention rights. Although our contractors and employees have agreed to assign to us service invention rights, we may face claims demanding remuneration in consideration for assigned inventions. As a consequence of such claims, we could be required to pay additional remuneration or royalties to our current or former contractors or employees, or be forced to litigate such claims, which could negatively affect our business. 
 Our company culture has contributed to our success and if we cannot maintain this culture as we grow, our business could be harmed. 
 We believe that our company culture has been critical to our success. Our status as a Certified B Corp and commitment to charitable giving distinguish us from our competitors and promote a relationship among our employees and customers founded on trust. We not only seek to engender a trusting relationship between our brand and our customers, but also among our employees. Our ability to continue to cultivate and maintain this culture is essential to our growth and continued success. We face a number of challenges that may affect our ability to sustain our corporate culture, including: 
 
 failure to identify, attract, reward and retain people in leadership positions in our organization who share and further our culture, values and mission; 
 the increasing size and geographic diversity of our workforce, and our ability to promote a uniform and consistent culture across all our offices and employees; 
 the market perception about our charitable contributions and social and political stances; 
 competitive pressures to move in directions that may divert us from our mission, vision and values; 
 the continued challenges of a rapidly-evolving industry; and 
 the increasing need to develop expertise in new areas of business that affect us. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 Our unique culture is one of our core characteristics that helps us to attract and retain key personnel. If we are not able to maintain our culture, we would have to incur additional costs and find alternative methods to recruit key employees, which in turn could cause our business, results of operations and financial condition to be adversely affected. 
 If we are unable to underwrite risks accurately and charge competitive yet profitable rates to our customers, our business, results of operations and financial condition will be adversely affected. 
 In general, the premiums for our insurance policies are established at the time a policy is issued and, therefore, before all of our underlying costs are known. The accuracy of our pricing is subject to our ability to adequately assess risks, estimate losses and comply with state insurance regulations. Like other insurance companies, we rely on estimates and assumptions in setting our premium rates. We also utilize the data that we gather through our interactions with our customers, as evaluated and curated by our proprietary artificial intelligence algorithms. 
 Establishing adequate premium rates is necessary, together with investment income, if any, to generate sufficient revenue to offset losses, loss adjustment expenses ("LAE") and other costs. If we do not accurately assess the risks that we underwrite, we may not charge adequate premiums to cover our losses and expenses, which would adversely affect our results of operations and our profitability. Moreover, if we determine that our prices are too low, insurance regulations may preclude us from being able to cancel insurance contracts, non-renew customers, or raise prices. Alternatively, we could set our premiums too high, which could reduce our competitiveness and lead to lower revenues, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Pricing involves the acquisition and analysis of historical loss data and the projection of future trends, loss costs and expenses, and inflation trends, among other factors, for each of our products in multiple risk tiers and many different markets. In order to accurately price our policies, we must: 
 
 collect and properly analyze a substantial volume of data from our customers; 
 develop, test and apply appropriate actuarial projections and rating formulas; 
 review and evaluate competitive product offerings and pricing dynamics; 
 closely monitor and timely recognize changes in trends; and 
 project both frequency and severity of our customers' losses with reasonable accuracy. 
 There are no assurances that we will have success in implementing our pricing methodology accurately in accordance with our assumptions. Our ability to accurately price our policies is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including: 
 
 insufficient or unreliable data; 
 incorrect or incomplete analysis of available data; 
 uncertainties generally inherent in estimates and assumptions; 
 our failure to implement appropriate actuarial projections and rating formulas or other pricing methodologies; 
 incorrect or incomplete analysis of the competitive environment; 
 regulatory constraints on rate increases; and 
 our failure to accurately estimate investment yields and the duration of our liability for loss and loss adjustment expense, as well as unanticipated court decisions, legislation or regulatory action. 
 To address the potential inadequacy of our current business model, we may be compelled to increase the amount allocated to cover policy claims, increase premium rates or adopt tighter underwriting standards, any of which may result in a decline in new business and renewals and, as a result, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Our exposure to loss activity and regulation may be greater in states where we currently have most of our customers: California, New York and Texas. 
 Approximately 54 of our gross written premium for the year ended December 31, 2022 originated from customers in California, New York, and Texas. As a result of this concentration, if a significant catastrophe event or series of catastrophe events occur, such as COVID-19 or a natural disaster, and cause material losses in California, New York and Texas, our business, financial condition and results of operation could be materially adversely 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 affected. Further, as compared to our competitors who operate on a wider geographic scale, any adverse changes in the regulatory environment affecting property and casualty insurance in California, New York and Texas may expose us to more significant risks. 
 Our product development cycles are complex and subject to regulatory approval, and we may incur significant expenses before we generate revenues, if any, from new products. 
 Because our products are highly-advanced and require rigorous testing and regulatory approvals, development cycles can be complex. Moreover, development projects can be technically challenging and expensive, and may be delayed or defeated by the inability to obtain licensing or other regulatory approvals. The nature of these development cycles may cause us to experience delays between the time we incur expenses associated with research and development and the time we generate revenues, if any, from such expenses. If we expend a significant amount of resources on research and development and our efforts do not lead to the successful introduction or improvement of products that are competitive in the marketplace, this could materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations. Additionally, anticipated customer demand for a product we are developing could decrease after the development cycle has commenced. Such decreased customer demand may cause us to fall short of our sales targets, and we may nonetheless be unable to avoid substantial costs associated with the product's development. If we are unable to complete product development cycles successfully and in a timely fashion and generate revenues from such future products, the growth of our business may be harmed. 
 Litigation and legal proceedings filed by or against us and our subsidiaries could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Litigation and other proceedings may include, but are not limited to, complaints from or litigation by customers or reinsurers, related to alleged breaches of contract or otherwise. As our market share increases, competitors may pursue litigation to require us to change our business practices or offerings and limit our ability to compete effectively. As is typical in the insurance industry, we continually face risks associated with litigation of various types arising in the normal course of our business operations, including disputes relating to insurance claims under our policies as well as other general commercial and corporate litigation. Although we are not currently involved in any material litigation with our customers, us and other members of the insurance industry are the target of class action lawsuits and other types of litigation, some of which involve claims for substantial or indeterminate amounts, and the outcomes of which are unpredictable. This litigation is based on a variety of issues, including sale of insurance and claim settlement practices. In addition, because we employ artificial intelligence to collect data points, customers or consumer groups have brought and could bring individual or class action claims alleging that our methods of collecting or using data and pricing risk are impermissibly discriminatory or otherwise improper. We cannot predict with any certainty whether we will be involved in such material litigation in the future or what impact such material litigation would have on our business. If we were to be involved in litigation and it was determined adversely, it could require us to pay significant damage amounts or to change aspects of our operations, either of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial results. Even claims without merit can be time- consuming and costly to defend and may divert management's attention and resources away from our business and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Additionally, routine lawsuits over claims that are not individually material could in the future become material if aggregated with a substantial number of similar lawsuits. In addition to increasing costs, a significant volume of customer complaints or litigation could adversely affect our brand and reputation, regardless of whether such allegations are valid or whether we are liable. We cannot predict with certainty the costs of defense, the costs of prosecution, insurance coverage or the ultimate outcome of litigation or other proceedings filed by or against us, including remedies or damage awards, and adverse results in such litigation, and other proceedings may harm our business and financial condition. See "Legal Proceedings." 
 Failure to protect or enforce our intellectual property rights could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Our success is dependent in part on protecting our intellectual property rights and technology (such as source code, information, data, processes and other forms of information, knowhow and technology). We rely on a combination of copyrights, trademarks, service marks, trade secret laws and contractual restrictions to establish and protect our intellectual property. However, there are steps that we have not yet taken to protect our intellectual property on a global basis. Additionally, the steps that we have already taken to protect our intellectual property may not be sufficient or effective. Even if we do detect violations, we may need to engage in litigation to enforce our rights. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 While we take precautions designed to protect our intellectual property, it may still be possible for competitors and other unauthorized third parties to copy our technology and use our proprietary brand, content and information to create or enhance competing solutions and services, which could adversely affect our competitive position in our rapidly evolving and highly competitive industry. Some license provisions that protect against unauthorized use, copying, transfer and disclosure of our technology may be unenforceable under the laws of certain jurisdictions and foreign countries. We enter into confidentiality and invention assignment agreements with our employees and consultants and enter into confidentiality agreements with our third-party providers and strategic partners. We cannot assure you that these agreements will be effective in controlling access to, and use and distribution of, our platform and proprietary information. Further, these agreements do not prevent our competitors from independently developing technologies that are substantially equivalent or superior to our offerings. Such arrangements may limit our ability to protect, maintain, enforce or commercialize such intellectual property rights, including requiring agreement with or payment to our joint development partners before protecting, maintaining, licensing or initiating enforcement of such intellectual property rights, and may allow such joint development partners to register, maintain, enforce or license such intellectual property rights in a manner that may affect the value of the jointly-owned intellectual property or our ability to compete in the market. 
 We have filed, and may continue in the future to file, applications to protect certain of our innovations and intellectual property. We do not know whether any of our applications will result in the issuance of a patent, trademark or copyright, as applicable, or whether the examination process will require us to narrow our claims. In addition, we may not receive competitive advantages from the rights granted under our intellectual property. Our existing intellectual property, and any intellectual property granted to us or that we otherwise acquire in the future, may be contested, circumvented or invalidated, and we may not be able to prevent third parties from infringing our rights to our intellectual property. Therefore, the exact effect of the protection of this intellectual property cannot be predicted with certainty. In addition, given the costs, effort, risks and downside of obtaining patent protection, including the requirement to ultimately disclose the invention to the public, we may choose not to seek patent protection for certain innovations. Any failure to adequately obtain such patent protection, or other intellectual property protection, could later prove to adversely impact our business. 
 We currently hold various domain names relating to our brand, including Lemonade and Lemonade.com. Failure to protect our domain names could adversely affect our reputation and brand and make it more difficult for users to find our website and our online app. We may be unable, without significant cost or at all, to prevent third parties from acquiring domain names that are similar to, infringe upon or otherwise decrease the value of our trademarks and other proprietary rights. 
 We may be required to spend significant resources in order to monitor and protect our intellectual property rights, and some violations may be difficult or impossible to detect. Litigation to protect and enforce our intellectual property rights could be costly, time-consuming and distracting to management and could result in the impairment or loss of portions of our intellectual property. Our efforts to enforce our intellectual property rights may be met with defenses, counterclaims and countersuits attacking the validity and enforceability of our intellectual property rights. Our inability to protect our proprietary technology against unauthorized copying or use, as well as any costly litigation or diversion of our management's attention and resources, could impair the functionality of our platform, delay introductions of enhancements to our platform, result in our substituting inferior or more costly technologies into our platform or harm our reputation or brand. In addition, we may be required to license additional technology from third parties to develop and market new offerings or platform features, which may not be on commercially reasonable terms or at all and could adversely affect our ability to compete. 
 If we are unable to prevent the unauthorized use or exploitation of our intellectual property, the value of our brand, content, and other intangible assets may be diminished, competitors may be able to more effectively mimic our service and methods of operations, the perception of our business and service to customers and potential customers may become confused, and our ability to attract customers may be adversely affected. Any inability or failure to protect our intellectual property could adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Claims by others that we infringed their proprietary technology or other intellectual property rights could harm our business. 
 Companies in the internet and technology industries are frequently subject to litigation based on allegations of infringement or other violations of intellectual property rights. In addition, certain companies and rights holders seek to enforce and monetize patents or other intellectual property rights they own, have purchased or otherwise 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 obtained. As we gain an increasingly high public profile, the possibility of intellectual property rights claims against us grows. From time to time, third parties may assert claims of infringement of intellectual property rights against us. Although we believe that we have meritorious defenses, there can be no assurance that we will be successful in defending against these allegations or reaching a business resolution that is satisfactory to us. Our competitors and others may now and in the future have significantly larger and more mature patent portfolios than us. In addition, future litigation may involve patent holding companies or other adverse patent owners who have no relevant product or service revenue and against whom our own patents may therefore provide little or no deterrence or protection. Many potential litigants, including some of our competitors and patent-holding companies, have the ability to dedicate substantial resources to assert their intellectual property rights. Any claim of infringement by a third party, even those without merit, could cause us to incur substantial costs defending against the claim, could distract our management from our business and could require us to cease use of such intellectual property. Furthermore, because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation, we risk compromising our confidential information during this type of litigation. We may be required to pay substantial damages, royalties or other fees in connection with a claimant securing a judgment against us, we may be subject to an injunction or other restrictions that prevent us from using or distributing our intellectual property, or from operating under our brand, or we may agree to a settlement that prevents us from distributing our offerings or a portion thereof, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 With respect to any intellectual property rights claim, we may have to seek out a license to continue operations found to violate such rights, which may not be available on favorable or commercially reasonable terms and may significantly increase our operating expenses. Some licenses may be non-exclusive, and therefore our competitors may have access to the same technology licensed to us. If a third party does not offer us a license to its intellectual property on reasonable terms, or at all, we may be required to develop alternative, non-infringing technology, which could require significant time (during which we would be unable to continue to offer our affected offerings), effort and expense and may ultimately not be successful. Any of these events could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 We may not be able to utilize a portion of our net operating loss carryforwards ("NOLs") to offset future taxable income for U.S. federal income tax purposes, which could adversely affect our net income and cash flows. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had gross accumulated federal NOLs for tax purposes of 236.3 million, which can be offset against our future taxable income. Of these federal NOLs, 15.7 million in losses will begin to expire in 2035 and 220.6 million in losses can be carried forward indefinitely. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has gross accumulated state and local losses for tax purposes of 25.8 million which will begin to expire in 2029. 
 We may be unable to fully use our NOLs, if at all. Under Section 382 of the Code, if a corporation undergoes an "ownership change" (very generally defined as a greater than 50 change, by value, in the corporation's equity ownership by certain shareholders or groups of shareholders over a rolling three- year period), the corporation's ability to use its pre-ownership change NOLs to offset its post- ownership change income may be limited. We may experience ownership changes in the future as a result of subsequent shifts in our stock ownership, some of which may be outside of our control. If we undergo an ownership change, we may be prevented from fully utilizing our NOLs existing at the time of the ownership change prior to their expiration. Future regulatory changes could also limit our ability to utilize our NOLs. To the extent we are not able to offset future taxable income with our NOLs, our net income and cash flows may be adversely affected. 
 The enactment of legislation implementing changes in tax legislation or policies in different geographic jurisdictions may impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We conduct business globally and file income tax returns in multiple jurisdictions. Our consolidated effective income tax rate could be materially adversely affected by several factors, including: changing tax laws, regulations and treaties, or the interpretation thereof (such as the recent Inflation Reduction Act which, among other changes, introduced a 15 corporate minimum tax on certain United States corporations and a 1 excise tax on certain stock redemptions by United States corporations); tax policy initiatives and reforms under consideration (such as those related to the OECD/G20 Inclusive Framework on Base Erosion and Profit Sharing or other projects); the practices of tax authorities in jurisdictions in which we operate; and the resolution of issues arising from tax audits or examinations and any related interest or penalties. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 We are unable to predict what tax reforms may be proposed or enacted in the future or what effect such changes would have on our business, but such changes, to the extent they are brought into tax legislation, regulations, policies or practices in jurisdictions in which we operate, could increase the estimated tax liability that we have expensed to date and paid or accrued on our consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, and otherwise affect our future results of operations, cash flows in a particular period and overall or effective tax rates in the future in countries where we have operations, reduce post-tax returns to our shareholders and increase the complexity, burden and cost of tax compliance. 
 
 Our expansion within the United States and any future international expansion strategy will subject us to additional costs and risks and our plans may not be successful. 
 
 Our success depends in significant part on our ability to expand into additional markets in the United States and abroad. As of December 31, 2022, we were licensed to sell renters, homeowners, pet and/or car insurance policies in 50 states of the United States and Washington D.C. We operate in 38 of those states and Washington D.C. covering approximately 92 of the U.S. population. We have targeted coverage across all 50 states, but we cannot guarantee that we will be able to provide nationwide coverage in the near term or at all. Moreover, one or more states could revoke our license to operate, or implement additional regulatory hurdles that could inhibit our ability to obtain or maintain our license in such states. 
 
 In addition to growing our domestic business, we have started expanding our presence internationally, particularly in Europe. We currently hold a pan-European license, which enables us to sell in 30 countries across Europe, and commenced operating in Germany in 2019, and in the Netherlands and France in 2020. In October, 2022, the Company began selling contents insurance in the United Kingdoms UK on a cross border basis under the UK s Temporary Permission Regime. The Company also registered two UK branches: (i) Lemonade Insurance N.V., UK Branch and its affiliate (ii) Lemonade Agency B.V., UK Branch as part of its process to become a fully licensed insurance branch in the UK. Operating outside of the United States may require significant management attention to oversee operations over a broad geographic area with varying cultural norms and customs, in addition to placing strain on our finance, analytics, compliance, legal, engineering, and operations teams. Moreover, international operations are subject to risks and uncertainties inherent in operating in these regions, including political unrest, such as the current situation with Ukraine and Russia. We may incur significant operating expenses and may not be successful in our international expansion for a variety of reasons, including: 
 
 obtaining any required government approvals, licenses or other authorizations; 
 complying with varying laws and regulatory standards, including with respect to the insurance business and insurance distribution, capital and outsourcing requirements, data privacy, tax and local regulatory restrictions; 
 recruiting and retaining talented and capable employees in foreign countries; 
 competition from local incumbents that better understand the local market, may market and operate more effectively and may enjoy greater local affinity or awareness; 
 differing demand dynamics, which may make our product offerings less successful; 
 currency exchange restrictions or costs and exchange rate fluctuations; 
 operating in jurisdictions that do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as the United States; and 
 limitations on the repatriation and investment of funds as well as foreign currency exchange restrictions. 
 Our limited experience in operating our business internationally increases the risk that any potential future expansion efforts that we may undertake may not be successful. If we invest substantial time and resources to expand our operations internationally and are unable to manage these risks effectively, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 In addition, international expansion may increase our risks in complying with various laws and standards, including with respect to anti-corruption, anti-bribery, anti-money laundering, export controls, and trade and economic sanctions. 
 Expansion into new markets here and abroad will require additional investments by us in both regulatory approvals and marketing. These incremental costs may include hiring additional personnel, as well as engaging third-party service providers and other research and development costs. If we fail to grow our geographic footprint or geographic growth occurs at a slower rate than expected, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates may adversely affect our financial results. 
 Since we conduct limited operations in Israel and Europe, portions of our revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities are denominated in New Israeli Shekels, Euros and GBP pounds. Because our consolidated financial statements are presented in U.S. dollars, we must translate non-U.S. dollar denominated revenues, income and expenses, as well as assets and liabilities, into U.S. dollars at exchange rates in effect during or at the end of each reporting period. Therefore, increases or decreases in the value of the U.S. dollar against the other currencies may affect our revenues, income and the value of balance sheet items denominated in foreign currencies. 
 External events such as Brexit, global pandemics, the ongoing uncertainty regarding actual and potential shifts in U.S. and foreign, trade, economic and other policies, the passage of U.S. taxation reform legislation, and concerns over interest rates (particularly short-term rates) each have caused, and may continue to cause, significant volatility in currency exchange rates, especially among the U.S. dollar, the pound sterling and the euro. If global economic and market conditions, or economic conditions in the United Kingdom, European Union, the United States or other key markets remain uncertain or deteriorate further, the value of the pound sterling and euro and the global credit markets may further weaken. 
 Risks Relating to Our Industry 
 The insurance business, including the market for renters, homeowners, pet, life and car insurance, is historically cyclical in nature, and we may experience periods with excess underwriting capacity and unfavorable premium rates, which could adversely affect our business. 
 Historically, insurers have experienced significant fluctuations in operating results due to competition, frequency and severity of catastrophic events, levels of capacity, adverse litigation trends, regulatory constraints, general economic conditions, and other factors. The supply of insurance is related to prevailing prices, the level of insured losses and the level of capital available to the industry that, in turn, may fluctuate in response to changes in rates of return on investments being earned in the insurance industry. As a result, the insurance business historically has been a cyclical industry characterized by periods of intense price competition due to excessive underwriting capacity as well as periods when shortages of capacity increased premium levels. Demand for insurance depends on numerous factors, including the frequency and severity of catastrophic events, levels of capacity, the introduction of new capital providers and general economic conditions. All of these factors fluctuate and may contribute to price declines generally in the insurance industry. 
 We cannot predict with certainty whether market conditions will improve, remain constant or deteriorate. Negative market conditions may impair our ability to underwrite insurance at rates we consider appropriate and commensurate relative to the risk assumed. Additionally, negative market conditions could result in a decline in policies sold, an increase in the frequency of claims and premium defaults, and an uptick in the frequency of falsification of claims. If we cannot underwrite insurance at appropriate rates, our ability to transact business will be materially and adversely affected. Any of these factors could lead to an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 We are subject to extensive insurance industry regulations. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we were licensed to sell renters, homeowners, pet and/or car insurance policies in 50 states of the United States, and operate in 38 of those states, and Washington, D.C. We also hold a pan-European license, which enables us to sell in 30 countries across Europe, and commenced operating in Germany in 2019, and in the Netherlands and in France in 2020. We also began selling contents insurance in the U.K. on a cross border basis under the UK s Temporary Permission Regime in October 2022. 
 In the United States, each state regulator retains the authority to license insurers in their states, and an insurer generally may not operate in a state in which it is not licensed. Accordingly, we are not permitted to sell insurance to residents of the remaining states and territories of the United States, which is likely to put us at a disadvantage among many of our competitors that have been in business much longer than us and are licensed to sell their insurance products in most, if not all, U.S. jurisdictions. 
 We are subject to extensive regulation and supervision in the states in which we transact business by the individual state insurance departments. This regulation is generally designed to protect the interests of customers, and not necessarily the interests of insurers or agents, their shareholders or other investors. Numerous aspects of our insurance business are subject to regulation, including, but not limited to, premium rates, mandatory covered 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 risks, limitations on the ability to renew or elect not to renew business, prohibited exclusions, licensing and appointment of agents, restrictions on the size of risks that may be insured under a single policy, reserves and provisions for unearned premiums, losses and other obligations, deposits of securities for the benefit of customers, investments and capital, policy forms and coverages, advertising and other conduct, including restrictions on the use of credit information and other factors in underwriting, as well as other underwriting and claims practices. To the extent we decide to expand our current product offerings to include other insurance products, this would subject us to additional regulatory requirements and scrutiny in each state in which we elect to offer such products. States have also adopted legislation defining and prohibiting unfair methods of competition and unfair or deceptive acts and practices in the business of insurance. Prohibited practices include, but are not limited to, misrepresentations, false advertising, coercion, disparaging other insurers, unfair claims settlement procedures, and discrimination in the business of insurance. Noncompliance with any of such state statute may subject us to regulatory action by the relevant state insurance regulator, and, in certain states, private litigation. States also regulate various aspects of the contractual relationships between insurers and independent agents. 
 Such laws, rules and regulations are usually overseen and enforced by the various state insurance departments, as well as through private rights of action and by state attorneys general. Such regulations or enforcement actions are often responsive to current consumer and political sensitivities, such as homeowners insurance rates and coverage forms, or which may arise after a major event. Such rules and regulations may result in rate suppression, limit our ability to manage our exposure to unprofitable or volatile risks, or lead to fines, premium refunds or other adverse consequences. The federal government also may regulate aspects of our businesses, such as the protection of consumer confidential information or the use of consumer insurance (credit) scores to underwrite and assess the risk of customers under the Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA"). Among other things, the FCRA requires insurance companies to have a permissible purpose before obtaining and using a consumer report for underwriting purposes, as well as comply with related notice and recordkeeping requirements. Failure to comply with federal requirements under the FCRA or any other applicable federal laws would subject us to regulatory fines and other sanctions. In addition, given our short operating history to-date and rapid speed of growth, we are particularly vulnerable to regulators identifying errors in the policy forms we use, the rates we charge, and our customer communications. As a result of such noncompliance, regulators could impose fines, rebates or other penalties, including cease-and-desist orders for an individual state, or all states, until the identified noncompliance is rectified. 
 The NYDFS, the insurance regulatory authority in the State of New York, may conduct special or targeted examinations to address particular concerns or issues at any time. Insurance regulators of other states in which Lemonade Insurance Company is licensed to sell insurance may also conduct periodic examinations. The results of these examinations can give rise to regulatory orders requiring remedial, injunctive, or other corrective action. 
 Our ability to retain state licenses depends on our ability to meet licensing requirements established by the NAIC and adopted by each state, subject to variations across states. If we are unable to satisfy the applicable licensing requirements of any particular state, we could lose our license to do business in such state, which would result in the temporary or permanent cessation of our operations in that state. Alternatively, if we are unable to satisfy applicable state licensing requirements, we may be subject to additional regulatory oversight, have our license suspended, or be subject to seizure of assets. Any such events could adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. See "Regulation Required Licensing." 
 In addition, as a condition to writing business in certain states, insurers are required to participate in various pools or risk sharing mechanisms or to accept certain classes of risk, regardless of whether such risks meet their underwriting requirements for voluntary business. Some states also limit or impose restrictions on the ability of an insurer to withdraw from certain classes of business. New York, among other states, imposes significant restrictions on a company's ability to materially reduce its exposures or to withdraw from certain lines of business. The state insurance departments can impose significant charges on an insurer in connection with a market withdrawal or refuse to approve withdrawal plans on the grounds that they could lead to market disruption. Laws and regulations that limit cancellation and non-renewal of policies or that subject withdrawal plans to prior approval requirements may significantly restrict our ability to exit unprofitable markets. Such actions and related regulatory restrictions may limit our ability to reduce our potential exposure to hurricane-related losses. 
 
 Further, federal, state and/or local government actions to address the impact of COVID-19 may adversely affect us. Regulatory restrictions or requirements have impacted or may impact pricing, risk selection and our rights and obligations with respect to our policies and customers, including our ability to cancel and non-renew policies and to collect premiums. Several state regulators have issued orders, and may issue additional orders, requiring 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 insurers to issue premium refunds and offer deferred payment options, and regulators in other states could take similar actions or renew such actions that have expired. Many insurers, including us, have voluntarily provided, and may further provide, deferred payment options to customers. It is also possible that changes in economic conditions and steps taken by federal, state and local governments in response to COVID-19 could require an increase in taxes at the federal, state and local levels, which would adversely impact our results of operations. 
 Our European insurance entities, Lemonade Insurance N.V., Lemonade Agency B.V. and Lemonade B.V., are subject to primary supervision by the Dutch Central Bank (De Nederlandsche Bank, "DNB") as the supervisory authority of its home member state, the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets (Autoriteit Financi le Markten, "AFM"), and the German Federal Financial Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt f r Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht, "BaFin") as the supervisory authority of a host member state. DNB and AFM expect firms to avoid actions that jeopardize compliance with their statutory objectives and applicable rules and regulations and have extensive powers to intervene in the affairs of a regulated firm. When DNB is concerned that an insurer may present a risk, this may lead to negative consequences, including the requirement to maintain a higher level of regulatory capital (via capital "add-ons" under the Solvency II Directive) to match the higher perceived risks and enforcement action where the risks identified breach applicable rules and regulations. In the case of a breach of our license requirements or obligations arising from the applicable rules and regulations, we may be subject to the DNB and the AFM's sanctions, including (public) formal warnings, orders to adopt a certain course of conduct, incremental penalties and administrative fines, revocation of an undertaking license and, in the case of insurers, where the breach relates to material prudential shortcomings, emergency measures (including the appointment of an administrator or the imposition of measures aimed at winding-up the undertaking). Any such events could adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. See "Business - Regulation - European Regulation." 
 State insurance regulators impose additional reporting requirements regarding enterprise risk on insurance holding company systems, with which we must comply as an insurance holding company. 
 In the past decade, various state insurance regulators have increased their focus on risks within an insurer's holding company system that may pose enterprise risk to the insurer. In 2012, the NAIC adopted significant changes to the insurance holding company act and regulations (the "NAIC Amendments"). The NAIC Amendments, when adopted by the various states, are designed to respond to perceived gaps in the regulation of insurance holding company systems in the United States. One of the major changes is a requirement that an insurance holding company system's ultimate controlling person submit annually to its lead state insurance regulator an "enterprise risk report" that identifies activities, circumstances or events involving one or more affiliates of an insurer that, if not remedied properly, are likely to have a material adverse effect upon the financial condition or liquidity of the insurer or its insurance holding company system as a whole. Other changes include requiring a controlling person to submit prior notice to its domiciliary insurance regulator of a divestiture of control, having detailed minimum requirements for cost sharing and management agreements between an insurer and its affiliates and expanding of the agreements between an insurer and its affiliates to be filed with its domiciliary insurance regulator. The NAIC Amendments must be adopted by the individual state legislatures and insurance regulators in order to be effective. New York State, our main domiciliary state for our insurance subsidiary, includes a form of the enterprise risk report requirement. 
 In 2012, the NAIC also adopted the Risk Management and Own Risk and Solvency Assessment Model Act (the "ORSA Model Act"). The ORSA Model Act, when adopted by the various states, will require an insurance holding company system's Chief Risk Officer to submit annually to its lead state insurance regulator an Own Risk and Solvency Assessment Summary Report ("ORSA"). The ORSA is a confidential internal assessment appropriate to the nature, scale and complexity of an insurer, conducted by that insurer of the material and relevant risks identified by the insurer associated with an insurer's current business plan and the sufficiency of capital resources to support those risks. The ORSA Model Act must be adopted by the individual state legislature and insurance regulators in order to be effective. While New York has not formally passed the ORSA requirement, it has implemented a form "F" filing requirement that is the initial response to the ORSA Model Act. We cannot predict the impact, if any, that the NAIC Amendments, compliance with the ORSA Model Act, or any other regulatory requirements may have on our business, financial condition or results of operations. See "Business - Regulation." 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 The increasing adoption by states of cybersecurity regulations could impose additional compliance burdens on us and expose us to additional liability. 
 In response to the growing threat of cyber-attacks in the insurance industry, certain jurisdictions, including New York, have begun to consider new cybersecurity measures, including the adoption of cybersecurity regulations. In March 2017, the NYDFS promulgated Cybersecurity Requirements for Financial Services Companies, which requires covered financial institutions, including Lemonade Insurance Company, to establish and maintain a cybersecurity program and implement and maintain cybersecurity policies and procedures with specific requirements. Additionally, on October 24, 2017, the NAIC adopted its Insurance Data Security Model Law, intended to serve as model legislation for states to enact in order to govern cybersecurity and data protection practices of insurers, insurance agents, and other licensed entities registered under state insurance laws. Alabama, Connecticut, Delaware, Indiana, Louisiana, Maryland, Michigan, Mississippi, New Hampshire, Ohio, South Carolina and Virginia have adopted versions of the NAIC Insurance Data Security Model Law, each with a different effective date, and other states may adopt versions of the NAIC Insurance Data Security Model Law in the future. Although we take steps to comply with financial industry cybersecurity regulations and believe we are materially compliant with their requirements, our failure to comply with new or existing cybersecurity regulations could result in regulatory actions and other penalties. In addition, efforts to comply with new or existing cybersecurity regulations could impose significant costs on our business, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. See "Business - Regulation of Enterprise Risk, Cybersecurity, and Other Recent Developments". 
 Severe weather events and other catastrophes, including the effects of climate change and global pandemics, are inherently unpredictable and may have a material adverse effect on our financial results and financial condition. 
 Our renters, homeowners, pet, life and car insurance business is exposed to the risk of severe weather conditions and other catastrophes. Severe weather events include, but are not limited to, winter storms, rain, hail, and high winds. The incidence and severity of weather conditions are largely unpredictable. Catastrophes can be caused by various events, such as wildfires, tornadoes, tsunamis, hurricanes, tropical storms, earthquakes, windstorms, hailstorms, severe thunderstorms, fires, and other non-natural events such as explosions, riots, terrorism, or war. 
 The incidence and severity of severe weather conditions and catastrophes are inherently unpredictable and the occurrence of one catastrophe does not render the possibility of another catastrophe greater or lower. The extent of losses from a catastrophe is a function of both the total amount of insured exposure in the area affected by the event and the severity of the event. In particular, severe weather and other catastrophes could significantly increase our costs due to a surge in claims following such events and/or legal and regulatory changes in response to catastrophes that may impair our ability to limit our liability under our policies. Severe weather conditions and catastrophes can cause greater losses for us, which can cause our liquidity and financial condition to deteriorate. Resulting reductions in our capital could materially adversely affect our ability to underwrite new insurance policies. In addition, we may not be able to obtain reinsurance coverage at reasonable rates and in amounts adequate to mitigate the risks associated with severe weather conditions and other catastrophes. While we only work with reinsurers whom we believe have acceptable credit, if our reinsurers are unable to pay for the claims for which they are responsible, we could be exposed to additional liability, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 Climate change may affect the occurrence of certain natural events, such as an increase in the frequency or severity of wind and thunderstorm events, eruptions of volcanoes, and tornado or hailstorm events due to increased convection in the atmosphere; more frequent wildfires in certain geographies; higher incidence of deluge flooding and the potential for an increase in severity of the hurricane events due to higher sea surface temperatures. Additionally, climate change may cause an impact on the demand, price and availability of homeowners and renters insurance and reinsurance coverages, as well as the value of our investment portfolio. Due to significant variability associated with future changing climate conditions, we are unable to predict the impact climate change will have on our business. 
 In addition, the COVID-19 pandemic continues to evolve, with pockets of resurgence and the emergence of variant strains contributing to continued uncertainty about its scope, duration, severity, trajectory, and lasting impact. We continue to assess and update our business continuity plans in the context of this pandemic, COVID-19 has impacted and may further impact the broader economies of affected countries, including negatively impacting 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 economic growth, the proper functioning of financial and capital markets, foreign currency exchange rates, and interest rates. The pandemic has caused an economic slowdown of potentially extended duration, and it is possible that it could cause a global recession. This could result in an increase in fraudulent claims or a decrease in apartment rentals or home sales, an increase in costs associated with claims under our policies, as well as an increase in the number of customers experiencing difficulty paying premiums, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 
 Climate risks, including risks associated with disruptions caused by the transition to a low-carbon economy, could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 The effects of climate change continue to create an alarming level of concern for the state of the global environment. As a result, the global business community has increased its political and social awareness surrounding the issue, and the United States has entered into international agreements in an attempt to lessen expected increases in global temperatures, such as reentering the Paris Agreement. Further, the U.S. Congress, state legislatures and federal and state regulatory agencies continue to propose and enact initiatives to supplement the global effort to combat climate change. If new legislation or regulation is enacted, we could incur increased costs and capital expenditures to comply with its limitations, which may impact our financial condition and operating performance. 
 For example, on November 21, 2021, the NYDFS issued Guidance for New York Domestic Insurers on Managing the Financial Risks from Climate Change, pursuant to which domestic insurers are expected to take a strategic approach to managing climate risks. The guidance imposed an initial deadline of August 15, 2022, under which domestic insurers were expected to implement certain board and management governance measures and develop specific plans to implement certain organizational structure changes. NYDFS is expected to issue further guidance on timing regarding more complex expectations, such as those relating to risk appetite, analysis of the impact of climate risks on existing risk factors, reflection of climate risks in the Own Risk and Solvency Assessment (ORSA), scenario analysis, and public disclosure. In addition, the U.S. Federal Reserve recently identified climate change as a systemic risk to the economy. It also reported that a gradual change in investor sentiment regarding climate risk introduces the possibility of abrupt tipping points or significant swings in sentiment, which could create unpredictable follow-on effects in financial markets. If this occurred, we could be negatively impacted by the general economic decline, including by possible negative impacts to our stock price. 
 Increasing scrutiny, actions and changing expectations from investors, clients, regulators and our employees with respect to environmental, social and governance ESG matters may impose additional costs on us, impact our access to capital, or expose us to new or additional risks. 
 Increased focus, including from governmental organizations, investors, employees and clients, on ESG matters such as environmental stewardship, climate change, diversity, equity and inclusion, pay equity, racial justice, workplace conduct and cybersecurity and data privacy, may result in increased costs (including but not limited to increased costs related to compliance and stakeholder engagement), impact our reputation, or otherwise affect our business performance. Negative public perception, adverse publicity or negative comments in social media could damage our reputation or harm our relationships with regulators and the communities in which we operate, if we do not, or are not perceived to, adequately address these issues, including if we fail to demonstrate progress towards any current or future our ESG goals. Any harm to our reputation could negatively impact employee engagement and retention and the willingness of customers to do business with us. 
 ESG matters have been the subject of increased focus by certain regulators, including in the U.S., EU, and the UK. In the event divergent ESG disclosure obligations arise between the U.S., UK and the EU, this may also present an increased compliance risk if we are required to comply with different regulatory standards. Additionally, conflicting ESG policies within jurisdictions, such as between federal and some state policies in the U.S., is leading to a complex and fragmented regulatory environment, which may be difficult to navigate. 
 It is possible that stakeholders may not be satisfied with our ESG practices or the speed of their adoption. At the same time, certain stakeholders might not be satisfied that we have adopted ESG practices at all. Actual or perceived shortcomings with respect to our ESG practices and reporting could negatively impact our business. We could also incur additional costs and require additional resources to monitor, report, and comply with various ESG practices. 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 In addition, a variety of organizations have developed ratings to measure the performance of companies on ESG topics, and the results of some of these assessments are widely publicized. Such ratings are used by some investors to inform their investment and voting decisions. In addition, many investors have created their own proprietary ratings that inform their investment and voting decisions. Unfavorable ratings of the Company or our industry, as well as omission of inclusion of our stock into ESG-oriented investment funds may lead to negative investor sentiment and the diversion of investment to other companies or industries, which could have a negative impact on our stock price and our access to and cost of capital. 
 
 We expect our results of operations to fluctuate on a quarterly and annual basis. In addition, our operating results and operating metrics are subject to seasonality and volatility, which could result in fluctuations in our quarterly revenues and operating results or in perceptions of our business prospects. 
 Our revenue and results of operations could vary significantly from period to period and may fail to match expectations as a result of a variety of factors, some of which are outside of our control. Our results may vary as a result of fluctuations in the number of customers purchasing our insurance products and fluctuations in the timing and amount of our expenses. In addition, the insurance industry, and particularly renters and homeowners insurance, are subject to their own cyclical trends and uncertainties, including extreme weather which is often seasonal and may result in volatility in claims reporting and payment patterns. Fluctuations and variability across the industry may affect our revenue. As a result of the potential variations in our revenue and results of operations, period-to-period comparisons may not be meaningful and the results of any one period should not be relied on as an indication of future performance. In addition, our results of operations may not meet the expectations of investors or public market analysts who follow us, which may adversely affect our stock price. 
 We have experienced, and expect to continue to experience, seasonal fluctuations in our revenues and resulting fluctuations in our rate of growth as a result of insurance spending patterns. Specifically, our revenues may be proportionately higher in our third fiscal quarter due to the seasonality of when renters and homeowners move into new homes, which historically occurs in the months of July, August and September. Accordingly, the amount of growth we experience may also be greater in the third quarter. In addition, as our business expands and matures, other seasonality trends may develop and the existing seasonality and customer behavior that we experience may change. Volatility in our key operating metrics or their rates of growth could have a negative impact on our financial results and investor perceptions of our business prospects and a failure to achieve our quarterly forecasts or to meet or exceed the expectations of research analysts or investors will cause our stock price to decline. 
 We rely on data from our customers and third parties for pricing and underwriting our insurance policies, handling claims and maximizing automation, the unavailability or inaccuracy of which could limit the functionality of our products and disrupt our business. 
 We use data, technology and intellectual property licensed from unaffiliated third parties in certain of our products, including insurance industry proprietary information that we license from Insurance Services Office, Inc. ("ISO"), and we may license additional third-party technology and intellectual property in the future. Any errors or defects in this third-party technology and intellectual property could result in errors that could harm our brand and business. In addition, licensed technology and intellectual property may not continue to be available on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. Also, should ISO refuse to license its proprietary information to us on the same terms that it offers to our competitors, we could be placed at a significant competitive disadvantage. 
 Further, although we believe that there are currently adequate replacements for the third-party technology and intellectual property we presently use other than proprietary information provided by ISO, the loss of our right to use any of this technology and intellectual property could result in delays in producing or delivering affected products until equivalent technology or intellectual property is identified, licensed or otherwise procured, and integrated. Our business would be disrupted if any technology and intellectual property we license from others or functional equivalents of this software were either no longer available to us or no longer offered to us on commercially reasonable terms. In either case, we would be required either to attempt to redesign our products to function with technology and intellectual property available from other parties or to develop these components ourselves, which would result in increased costs and could result in delays in product sales and the release of new product offerings. Alternatively, we might be forced to limit the features available in affected products. Any of these results could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 Our results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected due to limitations in the analytical models used to assess and predict our exposure to catastrophe losses. 
 Along with others in the insurance industry, models developed internally and by third party vendors are used along with our own historical data in assessing property insurance exposure to catastrophe losses. These models assume various conditions and probability scenarios; however, they do not necessarily accurately predict future losses or measure losses currently incurred. Further, the accuracy of such models may be negatively impacted by changing climate conditions. Catastrophe models use historical information and scientific research about natural events, such as hurricanes and earthquakes, as well as detailed information about our in-force business. This information is used in connection with pricing and risk management activities. However, since actual catastrophic events vary considerably, there are limitations with respect to its usefulness in predicting losses in any reporting period. Other limitations are evident in significant variations in estimates between models, material increases and decreases in results due to model changes and refinements of the underlying data elements and actual conditions that are not yet well understood or may not be properly incorporated into the models. 
 We are subject to payment processing risk. 
 We currently rely exclusively on one third-party vendor to provide payment processing services, including the processing of payments from credit cards and debit cards, and our business would be disrupted if this vendor becomes unwilling or unable to provide these services to us and we are unable to find a suitable replacement on a timely basis. If we or our processing vendor fail to maintain adequate systems for the authorization and processing of credit card transactions, it could cause one or more of the major credit card companies to disallow our continued use of their payment products. In addition, if these systems fail to work properly and, as a result, we do not charge our customers' credit cards on a timely basis or at all, our business, revenue, results of operations and financial condition could be harmed. 
 The payment methods that we offer also subject us to potential fraud and theft by criminals, who are becoming increasingly more sophisticated, seeking to obtain unauthorized access to or exploit weaknesses that may exist in the payment systems. If we fail to comply with applicable rules or requirements for the payment methods we accept, or if payment-related data are compromised due to a breach of data, we may be liable for significant costs incurred by payment card issuing banks and other third parties or subject to fines and higher transaction fees, or our ability to accept or facilitate certain types of payments may be impaired. In addition, our customers could lose confidence in certain payment types, which may result in a shift to other payment types or potential changes to our payment systems that may result in higher costs. If we fail to adequately control fraudulent credit card transactions, we may face civil liability, diminished public perception of our security measures, and significantly higher credit card-related costs, each of which could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Our success depends upon the insurance industry continuing to move online at its current pace and the continued growth and acceptance of online products and services as effective alternatives to traditional offline products and services. 
 We provide renters, homeowners, pet, life and car insurance products through our website and our online app that compete with traditional offline counterparts. We do not generally offer insurance through traditional, offline brokers. We believe that the continued growth and acceptance of online products and services generally will depend, to a large extent, on the continued growth in commercial use of the internet and the continued migration of traditional offline markets and industries online. 
 Purchasers of insurance may develop the perception that purchasing insurance products online is not as effective as purchasing such products through a broker or other traditional offline methods, and the homeowners and renters insurance markets may not migrate online as quickly as (or at the levels that) we expect. Moreover, if, for any reason, an unfavorable perception develops that data automation, artificial intelligence and/or bots are less efficacious than traditional offline methods of purchasing insurance, underwriting, claims processing, and other functions that use data automation, artificial intelligence and/or bots, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 Our actual incurred losses may be greater than our loss and loss adjustment expense reserves, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our financial condition and results of operations depends on our ability to accurately assess potential losses and loss adjustment expenses under the terms of the policies we underwrite. Reserves do not represent an exact calculation of liability. Rather, reserves represent an estimate of what the expected ultimate settlement and administration of claims will cost, and the ultimate liability may be greater or less than the current estimate. In our industry, there is always the risk that reserves may prove inadequate as it is possible for us to underestimate the cost of claims and claims administration. 
 We base our estimates on our assessment of known facts and circumstances, as well as estimates of future trends in claim severity, claim frequency, judicial theories of liability, and other factors. These variables are affected by both internal and external events that could increase our exposure to losses, including changes in actuarial projections, claims handling procedures, inflation, severe weather, climate change, economic and judicial trends and legislative changes. We regularly monitor reserves using new information on reported claims and a variety of statistical techniques to update our current estimate. Our estimates could prove to be inadequate, and this underestimation could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. 
 Recorded claim reserves, including case reserves and incurred but not reported ("IBNR") claims reserves, are based on our estimates of losses after considering known facts and interpretations of the circumstances, including settlement agreements. Additionally, models that rely on the assumption that past loss development patterns will persist into the future are used. Internal factors are considered including our experience with similar cases, actual claims paid, historical trends involving claim payment patterns, pending levels of unpaid claims, loss management programs, product mix, contractual terms and changes in claim reporting, and settlement practices. External factors are also considered, such as court decisions, changes in law and litigation imposing unintended coverage. We also consider benefits, such as disallowing the use of benefit payment schedules, requiring coverage designed to cover losses that occur in a single policy period to losses that develop continuously over multiple policy periods or requiring the availability of multiple limits. Regulatory requirements and economic conditions are also considered. 
 Since reserves are estimates of the unpaid portion of losses that have occurred, including IBNR losses, the establishment of appropriate reserves, including reserves for catastrophes, is an inherently uncertain and complex process that is regularly refined to reflect current estimation processes and practices. The ultimate cost of losses may vary materially from recorded reserves and such variance may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition as the reserves and reinsurance recoverables are reestimated. 
 If any of our insurance reserves should prove to be inadequate for the reasons discussed above, or for any other reason, we will be required to increase reserves, resulting in a reduction in our net income and stockholders' equity in the period in which the deficiency is identified. Future loss experience substantially in excess of established reserves could also have a material adverse effect on future earnings and liquidity and financial rating, which would affect our ability to attract new business or to retain existing customers. 
 Our insurance subsidiaries are subject to minimum capital and surplus requirements, and our failure to meet these requirements could subject us to regulatory action. 
 Our insurance subsidiaries are subject to risk-based capital standards and other minimum capital and surplus requirements imposed under the laws of the State of New York and Delaware, respectively. The risk-based capital standards, based upon the Risk-Based Capital Model Act adopted by the NAIC, require our insurance subsidiaries to report their results of risk-based capital calculations to the NYDFS, or DEDFS, as applicable and the NAIC. These risk-based capital standards provide for different levels of regulatory attention depending upon the ratio of an insurance company's total adjusted capital, as calculated in accordance with NAIC guidelines, to its authorized control level risk-based capital. Authorized control level risk-based capital is determined using the NAIC's risk-based capital formula, which measures the minimum amount of capital that an insurance company needs to support its overall business operations. 
 An insurance company with total adjusted capital that is less than 200 of its authorized control level risk-based capital is at a company action level, which would require the insurance company to file a risk-based capital plan that, among other things, contains proposals of corrective actions the Company intends to take that are reasonably expected to result in the elimination of the Company action level event. Additional action level events occur when the insurer's total adjusted capital falls below 150 , 100 , and 70 of its authorized control level risk-based capital. The lower the percentage, the more severe the regulatory response, including, in the event of a 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 mandatory control level event (total adjusted capital falls below 70 of the insurer's authorized control level risk-based capital), placing the insurance company into receivership. As of December 31, 2022, our risk-based capital ratio was 376 for LIC and 440 for MIC. 
 In addition, our insurance subsidiaries are required to maintain certain minimum capital and surplus and to limit its written premiums to specified multiples of its capital and surplus. The insurance subsidiaries could exceed these ratios if its volume increases faster than anticipated or if its surplus declines due to catastrophe or non-catastrophe losses or excessive underwriting and operational expenses. 
 Any failure by our insurance subsidiaries to meet the applicable risk-based capital or minimum statutory capital requirements or the writings ratio limitations imposed by the laws of the State of New York or Delaware, as applicable (or other states where currently or may in the future conduct business) could subject them to further examination or corrective action imposed by state regulators, including limitations on our writing of additional business, state supervision, or liquidation. 
 Any changes in existing risk-based capital requirements, minimum statutory capital requirements, or applicable writings ratios may require us to increase our statutory capital levels, which we may be unable to do. See "Business - Regulation of Our Business Risk-Based Capital." 
 We are subject to assessments and other surcharges from state guaranty funds, and mandatory state insurance facilities, which may reduce our profitability. 
 The insurance laws of many states subject property and casualty insurers doing business in those states to statutory property and casualty guaranty fund assessments. The purpose of a guaranty fund is to protect customers by requiring that solvent property and casualty insurers pay the insurance claims of insolvent insurers. These guaranty associations generally pay these claims by assessing solvent insurers proportionately based on each insurer's share of voluntary premiums written in the state. While most guaranty associations provide for recovery of assessments through subsequent rate increases, surcharges or premium tax credits, there is no assurance that insurers will ultimately recover these assessments, which could be material, particularly following a large catastrophe or in markets which become disrupted. 
 Maximum contributions required by law in any one year vary by state. We cannot predict with certainty the amount of future assessments because they depend on factors outside our control, such as insolvencies of other insurance companies. Significant assessments could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. See "Business - Regulation of Our Business Insolvency Funds and Associations, Mandatory Pools, and Insurance Facilities." 
 Our ability to compete in the property and casualty insurance industry and our ability to expand our business is partially dependent on us maintaining our Demotech, Inc. rating, and may be negatively affected by the fact that we do not have a rating from A.M. Best. 
 Our insurance subsidiary, LIC, currently has a Financial Stability Rating ("FSR") of 'A' Exceptional from Demotech, Inc., a financial analysis firm that provides FSRs as well as consulting services for property and casualty insurance companies and title underwriters. Demotech, Inc. provides financial stability ratings to insurance companies of all sizes. When providing a rating, Demotech, Inc. evaluates total assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, working capital, administrative expenses, net income, surplus, receivables, amount of business written, industry focus and business model, among others. Below is Demotech, Inc.'s rating scale: 
 
 A" (A Double Prime), Unsurpassed: 100 of insurers with this rating are expected to have a positive surplus at least 18 months from the initial date of rating assignment; 
 A' (A Prime), Unsurpassed: 99 of insurers with this rating are expected to have a positive surplus at least 18 months from the initial date of rating assignment; 
 A, Exceptional: 97 of insurers with this rating are expected to have a positive surplus at least 18 months from the initial date of rating assignment; 
 S, Substantial: 95 of insurers with this rating are expected to have a positive surplus at least 18 months from the initial date of rating assignment; 
 M, Moderate: 90 of insurers with this rating are expected to have a positive surplus at least 18 months from the initial date of rating assignment; and 
 L, Licensed: These companies have been assessed but have not been given one of the financial strength ratings listed above. 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 While our Demotech, Inc. rating has proved satisfactory to date, we cannot assure that this rating will remain at its current level and it is possible that some prospective customers may be reluctant to do business with a company that is not rated by A.M. Best. We have never been reviewed by A.M. Best and do not currently intend to seek a rating from A.M. Best. Unlike Demotech, Inc., A.M. Best may penalize companies that are highly leveraged, including those companies that utilize reinsurance to support premium writings. We do not plan to give up revenues or efficiency of size as a means to qualify for an acceptable A.M. Best rating. Not having an A.M. Best rating may prevent us from expanding our business or limit our access to credit from certain financial institutions, which may in turn limit our ability to compete with large, national insurance companies and certain regional insurance companies. 
 Performance of our investment portfolio is subject to a variety of investment risks that may adversely affect our financial results. 
 Our results of operations depend, in part, on the performance of our investment portfolio. We seek to hold a diversified portfolio of investments in accordance with our investment policy and routinely reviewed by our Investment Committee. However, our investments are subject to general economic and market risks as well as risks inherent to particular securities. 
 Our primary market risk exposures are to changes in interest rates and equity prices. See Part II Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. Although in previous years, interest rates have been at or near historic lows, interest rates began and continued to rise through fiscal 2022. A protracted low interest rate environment could place pressure on our net investment income, particularly as it relates to fixed income securities and short-term investments, which, in turn, may adversely affect our operating results. A protracted high interest rate environment could cause the values of our fixed income securities portfolios to decline, with the magnitude of the decline depending on the duration of securities included in our portfolio and the amount by which interest rates increase. Some fixed income securities have call or prepayment options, which create possible reinvestment risk in declining rate environments. Other fixed income securities, such as mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities, carry prepayment risk or, in a rising interest rate environment, may not prepay as quickly as expected. 
 The value of our investment portfolio is subject to the risk that certain investments may default or become impaired due to deterioration in the financial condition of one or more issuers of the securities we hold, or due to deterioration in the financial condition of an insurer that guarantees an issuer's payments on such investments. Downgrades in the credit ratings of fixed maturities also have a significant negative effect on the market valuation of such securities. 
 Such factors could reduce our net investment income and result in realized investment losses. Our investment portfolio is subject to increased valuation uncertainties when investment markets are illiquid. The valuation of investments is more subjective when markets are illiquid, thereby increasing the risk that the estimated fair value (i.e., the carrying amount) of the securities we hold in our portfolio does not reflect prices at which actual transactions would occur. 
 We may also invest in marketable equity securities. These securities are carried on the balance sheet at fair market value and are subject to potential losses and declines in market value. 
 Risks for all types of securities are managed through the application of our investment policy, which establishes investment parameters that include, but are not limited to, maximum percentages of investment in certain types of securities and minimum levels of credit quality, which we believe are within applicable guidelines established by the NAIC and the NYDFS. 
 Although we seek to preserve our capital, we cannot be certain that our investment objectives will be achieved, and results may vary substantially over time. In addition, although we seek to employ investment strategies that are not correlated with our insurance and reinsurance exposures, losses in our investment portfolio may occur at the same time as underwriting losses and, therefore, exacerbate the adverse effect of the losses on us. 
 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 Unexpected changes in the interpretation of our coverage or provisions, including loss limitations and exclusions, in our policies could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 There can be no assurances that specifically negotiated loss limitations or exclusions in our policies will be enforceable in the manner we intend. As industry practices and legal, judicial, social, and other conditions change, unexpected and unintended issues related to claims and coverage may emerge. For example, many of our policies limit the period during which a customer may bring a claim, which may be shorter than the statutory period under which such claims can be brought against our customers. While these limitations and exclusions help us assess and mitigate our loss exposure, it is possible that a court or regulatory authority could nullify or void a limitation or exclusion or legislation could be enacted modifying or barring the use of such limitations or exclusions. These types of governmental actions could result in higher than anticipated loss and loss adjustment expense, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. In addition, court decisions, such as the 1995 Montrose decision in California could read policy exclusions narrowly so as to expand coverage, thereby requiring insurers to create and write new exclusions. These issues may adversely affect our business by either broadening coverage beyond our underwriting intent or by increasing the frequency or severity of claims. In some instances, these changes may not become apparent until sometime after we have issued insurance contracts that are affected by the changes. As a result, the full extent of liability under our insurance contracts may not be known for many years after a contract is issued. 
 Risks Relating to Our Existence as a Public Benefit Corporation 
 We operate as a Delaware public benefit corporation. As a public benefit corporation, we cannot provide any assurance that we will achieve our public benefit purpose. 
 As a public benefit corporation, we are required to produce a public benefit or benefits and to operate in a responsible and sustainable manner, balancing our stockholders' pecuniary interests, the best interests of those materially affected by our conduct, and the public benefit or benefits identified by our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (the Amended Charter ). There is no assurance that we will achieve our public benefit purpose or that the expected positive impact from being a public benefit corporation will be realized, which could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, which in turn may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 As a public benefit corporation, we are required to publicly disclose a report at least biennially on our overall public benefit performance and on our assessment of our success in achieving our specific public benefit purpose. If we are not timely or are unable to provide this report, or if the report is not viewed favorably by parties doing business with us or regulators or others reviewing our credentials, our reputation and status as a public benefit corporation may be harmed. 
 If we lose our certification as a Certified B Corp or our publicly reported B Corp score declines, or if state or federal regulators restrict, delay or otherwise interfere with our ability to make charitable contributions, our reputation could be harmed and our business could be adversely affected. 
 Our business model and brand could be harmed if we were to lose our certification as a Certified B Corp or if state or federal regulators impede or otherwise delay or restrict our ability to make charitable contributions. Certified B Corp status is a certification that requires us to consider the impact of our decisions on our workers, customers, suppliers, community and the environment. We believe that Certified B Corp status has allowed us to build credibility and trust among our customers. Whether due to our choice or our failure to meet B Lab's certification requirements, any change in our status could create a perception that we are more focused on financial performance and no longer as committed to the values shared by Certified B Corp. Likewise, our reputation could be harmed if our publicly reported B Corp score declines and there is a perception that we are no longer committed to the Certified B Corp standards. Similarly, our reputation could be harmed if we take actions that are perceived to be misaligned with B Lab's values. See "Business Certified B Corp Status." 
 Furthermore, state or federal regulators could restrict, delay, or otherwise interfere with our ability to contribute the residual amount left over after paying claims and reinsurance to nonprofits selected by our customers. This could erode customer trust in our products and services, weaken incentives for good customer behavior, and drive down demand for our products and services. 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 Any such harm to our reputation could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position and results of operations. 
 As a public benefit corporation, our focus on a specific public benefit purpose and producing a positive effect for society may negatively impact our financial performance. 
 Unlike traditional corporations, which have a fiduciary duty to focus exclusively on maximizing stockholder value, our directors have a fiduciary duty to consider not only the stockholders' interests, but also the Company's specific public benefit and the interests of other stakeholders affected by our actions. Therefore, we may take actions that we believe will be in the best interests of those stakeholders materially affected by our specific benefit purpose, even if those actions do not maximize our financial results. While we intend for this public benefit designation and obligation to provide an overall net benefit to us and our customers, it could instead cause us to make decisions and take actions without seeking to maximize the income generated from our business, and hence available for distribution to our stockholders. Our pursuit of longer-term or non-pecuniary benefits may not materialize within the timeframe we expect or at all, yet may have an immediate negative effect on any amounts available for distribution to our stockholders. Accordingly, being a public benefit corporation and complying with our related obligations could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition, which in turn could cause our stock price to decline. 
 As a public benefit corporation, we are less attractive as a takeover target than a traditional company would be and, therefore, your ability to realize your investment through an acquisition may be limited. Under Delaware law, a public benefit corporation cannot merge or consolidate with another entity if, as a result of such merger or consolidation, the surviving entity's charter "does not contain the identical provisions identifying the public benefit or public benefits," unless the transaction receives approval from two-thirds of the target public benefit corporation's outstanding voting shares. Additionally, public benefit corporations may also not be attractive targets for activists or hedge fund investors because new directors would still have to consider and give appropriate weight to the public benefit along with shareholder value, and shareholders committed to the public benefit can enforce this through derivative suits. Further, by requiring that board of directors of public benefit corporations consider additional constituencies other than maximizing shareholder value, Delaware public benefit corporation law could potentially make it easier for a board to reject a hostile bid, even where the takeover would provide the greatest short-term financial yield to investors. 
 Our directors have a fiduciary duty to consider not only our stockholders' interests, but also our specific public benefit and the interests of other stakeholders affected by our actions. If a conflict between such interests arises, there is no guarantee such a conflict would be resolved in favor of our stockholders. 
 While directors of traditional corporations are required to make decisions they believe to be in the best interests of their stockholders, directors of a public benefit corporation have a fiduciary duty to consider not only the stockholders' interests, but also the company's specific public benefit and the interests of other stakeholders affected by the company's actions. Under Delaware law, directors are shielded from liability for breach of these obligations if they make informed and disinterested decisions that serve a rational purpose. Thus, unlike traditional corporations which must focus exclusively on stockholder value, our directors are not merely permitted, but obligated, to consider our specific public benefit and the interests of other stakeholders. In the event of a conflict between the interests of our stockholders and the interests of our specific public benefit or our other stakeholders, our directors must only make informed and disinterested decisions that serve a rational purpose; thus, there is no guarantee such a conflict would be resolved in favor of our stockholders, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition, which in turn could cause our stock price to decline. 
 As a Delaware public benefit corporation, we may be subject to increased derivative litigation concerning our duty to balance stockholder and public benefit interest, the occurrence of which may have an adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Stockholders of a Delaware public benefit corporation (if they, individually or collectively, own at least two percent of the company's outstanding shares) are entitled to file a derivative lawsuit claiming the directors failed to balance stockholder and public benefit interests. This potential liability does not exist for traditional corporations. Therefore, we may be subject to the possibility of increased derivative litigation, which would require the attention of our management, and, as a result, may adversely impact our management's ability to effectively execute our strategy. Additionally, any such derivative litigation may be costly, which may have an adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 Risks Relating to Ownership of Our Common Stock 
 A joint investment committee consisting of our Co-Founders and an executive of SoftBank will have sole voting and dispositive control over the shares owned by the entities affiliated with SoftBank Group Corp. This joint investment committee further concentrates voting power with our Co-Founders, which could limit your ability to influence the outcome of important transactions, including a change in control. 
 As of March 2, 2023, entities affiliated with SoftBank Group Corp. beneficially own, in the aggregate, approximately 17.3 of our outstanding common stock, corresponding to 17.3 of the total voting rights in our Company. SoftBank Group Capital Limited has delegated all of its investment and voting power with respect to the shares of Lemonade that it owns to a three-member joint investment committee consisting of our Co-Founders and an executive of SoftBank, and which shall act unanimously. As a result, each of our Co-Founders will have an effective veto over the voting and dispositive decisions related to our shares held by SoftBank Group Capital Limited. Our Co-Founders' membership in the joint investment committee will increase our Co-Founders' significant influence over matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election of directors, the approval of certain business combinations or dispositions, amendments to our Amended Charter or to our amended and restated bylaws (the Amended Bylaws ), and other extraordinary transactions. In addition, a deadlock among the committee members could hinder the voting of SoftBank Group Capital Limited's shares on any given corporate action. Our Co-Founders, individually or together, may have interests that differ from yours and may influence the joint investment committee to vote in a way with which you disagree and which may be adverse to your interests. This concentrated control may have the effect of delaying, preventing or deterring a change in control of the Company, could deprive our stockholders of an opportunity to receive a premium for their capital stock as part of a sale of the Company, and might ultimately affect the market price of our common stock. 
 The market price of our common stock may be volatile or decline, and you may not be able to resell your shares at or above the price you initially paid for our common stock. 
 The trading price of our common stock could be volatile, and you could lose all or part of your investment. The following factors, in addition to other factors described in this "Risk Factors" section and included elsewhere in this document may have a significant impact on the market price of our common stock: 
 
 the occurrence of severe weather conditions and other catastrophes; 
 our operating and financial performance, quarterly or annual earnings relative to similar companies; 
 publication of research reports or news stories about us, our competitors or our industry, or positive or negative recommendations or withdrawal of research coverage by securities analysts; 
 the public's reaction to our press releases, our other public announcements and our filings with the SEC; 
 announcements by us or our competitors of acquisitions, business plans or commercial relationships; 
 any major change in our board of directors or senior management, including the departure of either of our Co-Founders; 
 additional sales of our common stock by us, our directors, executive officers, principal shareholders, or our Co-Founders; 
 adverse market reaction to any indebtedness we may incur or securities we may issue in the future; 
 short sales, hedging and other derivative transactions in our common stock; 
 exposure to capital market risks related to changes in interest rates, realized investment losses, credit spreads, equity prices, foreign exchange rates and performance of insurance- linked investments; 
 our creditworthiness, financial condition, performance, and prospects; 
 our dividend policy and whether dividends on our common stock have been, and are likely to be, declared and paid from time to time; 
 perceptions of the investment opportunity associated with our common stock relative to other investment alternatives; 
 regulatory or legal developments; 
 changes in general market, economic, and political conditions; 
 conditions or trends in our industry, geographies or customers; 
 short selling activities 
 changes in accounting standards, policies, guidance, interpretations or principles; and 
 threatened or actual litigation or government investigations. 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 In addition, broad market and industry factors may negatively affect the market price of our common stock, regardless of our actual operating performance, and factors beyond our control may cause our stock price to decline rapidly and unexpectedly. In addition, in the past, companies that have experienced volatility in the market price of their stock have been subject to securities class action litigation. We may be the target of this type of litigation in the future. Litigation of this type could result in substantial costs and diversion of management's attention and resources, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects. Any adverse determination in litigation could also subject us to significant liabilities. 
 Some provisions of our charter documents and Delaware law may have anti-takeover effects that could discourage an acquisition of us by others, even if an acquisition would be beneficial to our stockholders, and may prevent attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management. 
 Provisions in our Amended Charter and our Amended Bylaws, as well as provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the "DGCL"), could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us or increase the cost of acquiring us, even if doing so would benefit our stockholders, including transactions in which stockholders might otherwise receive a premium for their shares. These provisions include: 
 
 our board of directors is classified into three classes of directors with staggered three-year terms and directors are only able to be removed from office for cause; 
 nothing in our Amended Charter precludes future issuances without stockholder approval of the authorized but unissued shares of our common stock; 
 advance notice procedures apply for stockholders to nominate candidates for election as directors or to bring matters before an annual meeting of stockholders; 
 our stockholders will only be able to take action at a meeting of stockholders and not by written consent; 
 only our chairman of the board of directors, our co-chief executive officers, our president (in the absence of a chief executive officer), or a majority of the board of directors are authorized to call a special meeting of stockholders; 
 no provision in our Amended Charter or Amended Bylaws provides for cumulative voting, which limits the ability of minority stockholders to elect director candidates; 
 directors will only be able to be removed for cause; 
 certain amendments to our Amended Charter will require the approval of two-thirds of the then outstanding voting power of our capital stock; 
 our Amended Bylaws will provide that the affirmative vote of two-thirds of the then-outstanding voting power of our capital stock, voting as a single class, is required for stockholders to amend or adopt any provision of our bylaws; 
 our Amended Charter authorizes undesignated preferred stock, the terms of which may be established and shares of which may be issued, without the approval of the holders of our capital stock; and 
 certain litigation against us can only be brought in Delaware. 
 These anti-takeover defenses could discourage, delay or prevent a transaction involving a change in control of our Company. These provisions could also discourage proxy contests and make it more difficult for you and other stockholders to elect directors of your choosing and cause us to take corporate actions other than those you desire. 
 Applicable insurance laws may make it difficult to effect a change of control. 
 Under applicable state insurance laws and regulations, no person may acquire control of a domestic insurer until written approval is obtained from the state insurance commissioner following a public hearing on the proposed acquisition. Such approval would be contingent upon the state insurance commissioner's consideration of a number of factors including, among others, the financial strength of the proposed acquiror, the acquiror's plans for the future operations of the domestic insurer and any anti- competitive results that may arise from the consummation of the acquisition of control. Lemonade Insurance Company is domiciled in New York and Metromile Insurance Company is domiciled in Delaware. Per the applicable laws and regulations of New York and Delaware, respectively, generally no person may acquire control of any insurer, whether by purchase of its securities or otherwise, unless it gives prior notice to the insurer and has received prior approval from the Commissioner of Financial Services. Under New York and Delaware insurance law, an entity is presumed to have control of an insurance company if it owns, directly or indirectly, 10 or more of the voting stock of that insurance company or its parent company. These requirements may discourage potential acquisition proposals and may delay, deter, or prevent a change of control of Lemonade, Inc., including through transactions that some or all of the stockholders might consider to be desirable. See also "Business - Regulation Changes of Control." 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 Our Amended Charter designates the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware as the exclusive forum for certain litigation that may be initiated by our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders' ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us. 
 Our Amended Charter provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed to us or our stockholders by any of our directors, officers, employees or agents, (iii) any action asserting a claim against us arising under the DGCL or (iv) any action asserting a claim against us that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine; provided that, the exclusive forum provision will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, or to any claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. By becoming a stockholder in the Company, you will be deemed to have notice of and have consented to the provisions of our Amended Charter related to choice of forum. The choice of forum provision in our Amended Charter may limit our stockholders' ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us. Additionally, the enforceability of choice of forum provisions in other companies governing documents has been challenged in legal proceedings, and it is possible that, in connection with any applicable action brought against us, a court could find the choice of forum provisions contained in our Amended 
 Charter to be inapplicable or unenforceable in such action. If so, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could harm our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 We are subject to rules and regulations established from time to time by the SEC and the NYSE regarding our internal control over financial reporting. Failure to establish and maintain effective internal controls in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act could have a material adverse effect on our business and stock price. 
 We are subject to the rules and regulations established from time to time by the SEC and the NYSE. These rules and regulations require, among other things, that we establish and periodically evaluate procedures with respect to our internal control over financial reporting. Such reporting obligations place a considerable strain on our financial and management systems, processes and controls, as well as our personnel. 
 In addition, we are required to document and test our internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act so that our management can certify as to the effectiveness of our control over financial reporting by the time our second annual report is filed with the SEC and thereafter, which will require us to document and make changes to our internal control over financial reporting. Section 404(b) requires our independent registered public accounting firm to issue an annual report that addresses the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. 
 We expect to continue to incur costs related to implementing an internal audit and compliance function in the upcoming years to further enhance our internal control environment. If we identify material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting or if we are unable to comply with the demands placed upon us as a public company, including the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, in a timely manner, we may be unable to accurately report our financial results, or report them within the timeframes required by the SEC. We also could become subject to sanctions or investigations by the SE or other regulatory authorities. In addition, if we are unable to assert that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, or if our independent registered public accounting firm is unable to express an opinion as to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, when required, investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, we may face restricted access to the capital markets and our stock price may be adversely affected. 
 We depend on the ability of our subsidiaries to transfer funds to us to meet our obligations, and our insurance subsidiaries ability to pay dividends to us is restricted by law. 
 We are a holding company that transacts a majority of our business through operating subsidiaries. Our ability to meet our operating and financing cash needs depends on the surplus and earnings of our subsidiaries, and upon the ability of our insurance subsidiaries to pay dividends to us. 
 Payments of dividends by our insurance subsidiaries are restricted by state insurance laws, including laws establishing minimum solvency and liquidity thresholds. The limitations are based on income and surplus determined in accordance with statutory accounting principles, not GAAP. In addition, our insurance subsidiaries could be subject to contractual restrictions in the future, including those imposed by indebtedness we may incur in the future. Our insurance subsidiaries may also face competitive pressures in the future to maintain insurance 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 financial stability or strength ratings. These restrictions and other regulatory requirements would affect the ability of our insurance subsidiaries to make dividend payments and we may not receive dividends in the amounts necessary to meet our obligations. See "Business - Regulation of Our Business Restrictions on Paying Dividends." 
 We do not currently expect to pay any cash dividends. 
 We do not currently expect to pay any cash dividends on our common stock for the foreseeable future. Instead, we intend to retain future earnings, if any, for the future operation and expansion of our business. Any determination to pay dividends in the future will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on our results of operations (including our ability to generate cash flow in excess of expenses and our expected or actual net income), liquidity, cash requirements, financial condition, retained earnings and collateral and capital requirements, general business conditions, contractual restrictions, legal, tax and regulatory limitations, the effect of a dividend or dividends upon our financial strength ratings, and other factors that our board of directors deems relevant. See "Dividends." 
 Because we are a holding company and all of our business is conducted through our subsidiaries, dividends, distributions and other payments from, and cash generated by, our subsidiaries will be our principal sources of cash to fund operations and pay dividends. Accordingly, our ability to pay dividends to our stockholders is dependent on the earnings and distributions of funds from our subsidiaries. Our ability to pay dividends may also be restricted by the terms of any future credit agreement or any of our future debt or preferred equity securities or our subsidiaries. Accordingly, if you purchase shares of our common stock, realization of a gain on your investment will depend on the appreciation of the price of shares of our common stock, which may never occur. Investors seeking cash dividends in the foreseeable future should not purchase our common stock. 
 
 There is no guarantee that the warrants may ever be in the money, and they may expire worthless. 
 
 The exercise price for Metromile s warrants that were assumed by us in connection with the merger is 281.51 per share. There can be no assurance that the warrants will be in the money prior to their expiration and, as such, they may expire worthless. We have applied to list these warrants on the NYSE American under the symbol LMNDWS. 
 
 The terms of the warrants may be amended in a manner that may be adverse to the holders. The warrant agreement, as amended, between American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC, as warrant agent, and us, as successor thereunder following the consummation of the merger (the Metromile Warrant Agreement ), provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision, but requires the approval by the holders of at least 65 of the then outstanding Public Warrants (as defined in the Metromile Warrant Agreement) to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders. Accordingly, we may amend the terms of the warrants in a manner adverse to a holder if holders of at least 65 of the then outstanding Public Warrants approve of such amendment. Our ability to amend the terms of the warrants with the consent of at least 65 of the then outstanding Public Warrants is unlimited. Examples of such amendments could be amendments to, among other things, increase the exercise price of the warrants, shorten the exercise period or decrease the number of shares of our common stock purchasable upon exercise of a warrant. 
 
 We may redeem your unexpired warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants worthless. 
 
 We have the ability to redeem outstanding warrants (excluding any Placement Warrants (as defined the Metromile Warrant Agreement) held by the initial holders or their permitted transferees) at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at 0.01 per warrant, provided that the last reported sales price (or the closing bid price of our common stock in the event the shares of our common stock are not traded on any specific trading day) of our common stock equals or exceeds 342.01 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations and the like) on each of 20 trading days within the 30 trading-day period ending on the third business day prior to the date on which we send proper notice of such redemption, provided that on the date we give notice of redemption and during the entire period thereafter until the time we redeems the warrants, we have an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to them is available. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise its redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. Redemption of the outstanding warrants could force a warrant holder: (i) to exercise its warrants and pay the exercise price therefore at a time when it may be disadvantageous for it to do so, (ii) to sell its warrants at the then-current market price when it might otherwise wish to hold its warrants or (iii) to accept the nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding warrants are called for redemption, will be substantially less than the market value of its warrants 
 
 Risks Relating to the Mergers with Metromile and the Combined Company 
 
 Failure to attract, motivate and retain executives and other key employees could diminish the anticipated benefits of the mergers. 
 
 The success of the mergers will depend in part on the combined company s ability to retain the talents and dedication of the professionals currently employed. It is possible that these employees may decide not to remain with the combined company. If key employees terminate their employment, or if an insufficient number of employees are retained to maintain effective operations, the combined company s business activities may be adversely affected and management s attention may be diverted from successfully integrating Lemonade and Metromile to hiring suitable replacements, all of which may cause the combined company s business to suffer. In addition, Lemonade may not be able to locate suitable replacements for any key employees that leave or offer employment to potential replacements on reasonable terms. In addition, there could be disruptions to or distractions for the workforce and management, including disruptions associated with integrating employees into the combined company. No assurance can be given that the combined company will be able to attract or retain key employees of Lemonade and Metromile to the same extent that those companies have been able to attract or retain their own employees in the past. 
 
 The mergers involved substantial costs, including substantial costs we have incurred post-closing. 
 
 Lemonade incurred and expects to continue to incur non-recurring costs associated with combining the operations of Lemonade and Metromile, as well as transaction fees and other costs that were incurred related to the closing of the mergers. These costs and expenses include fees paid to financial, legal and accounting advisors, facilities and systems consolidation costs, severance and other potential employment-related costs, filing fees, printing expenses and other related charges. 
 
 The combined company incurred and expects to continue to incur restructuring and integration costs subsequent to the closing of the mergers. The costs related to restructuring will be expensed as a cost of the ongoing results of operations of the combined company. Although Lemonade expects that the elimination of duplicative costs, strategic benefits, and additional income, as well as the realization of other efficiencies related to the integration of the businesses, may offset incremental transaction, merger-related and restructuring costs over time, any net benefit may not be achieved in the near term or at all. While Lemonade has assumed that certain expenses would be incurred in connection with the mergers and the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, there are many factors beyond Lemonade s control that could affect the total amount or the timing of the ongoing integration and implementation expenses. 
 
 Combining the businesses of Lemonade and Metromile may be more difficult, costly or time-consuming than expected and the combined company may fail to realize the anticipated benefits of the mergers, which may adversely affect the combined company s business results and negatively affect the value of the combined company s common stock. 
 The success of the mergers will depend on, among other things, our ability to combine their businesses of Lemonade and Metromile in a manner that facilitates growth opportunities. While we have begun combining and integrating the businesses, we have not finished the process. Finalizing the integration may be more costly or time-consuming than expected and we may not ultimately realize the anticipated benefits of the mergers. 
 We must successfully finalize the combination of Lemonade and Metromile businesses in a manner that permits these benefits to be realized. In addition, the combined company must achieve the anticipated growth without adversely affecting current revenues and investments in future growth. If the combined company is not able to successfully achieve these objectives, the anticipated benefits of the mergers may not be realized fully, or at all, or may take longer to realize than expected. 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 An inability to realize the full extent of the anticipated benefits of the mergers and the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, as well as any future delays encountered in the integration process, could have an adverse effect upon the revenues, level of expenses and operating results of the combined company, which may adversely affect the value of the common stock of the combined company. 
 In addition, the actual integration may result in additional and unforeseen expenses, and the anticipated benefits of the integration plan may not be realized. Actual growth and any potential cost savings, if achieved, may be lower than what we expect and may take longer to achieve than anticipated. If we are not able to adequately address integration challenges, they may be unable to successfully integrate our operations or realize the anticipated benefits of the integration of the two companies. 
 
 The failure to successfully integrate the businesses and operations of Lemonade and Metromile in the expected time frame may adversely affect the combined company s future results. 
 
 Lemonade and Metromile operated independently until the completion of the mergers, and continue to operate independently in some respects as we continue to integrate the businesses. There can be no assurances that our businesses can be fully integrated successfully. It is possible that the integration process could ultimately result in the loss of key Lemonade or Metromile employees, the loss of customers, the disruption of either company s or both companies ongoing businesses, inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures and policies, unexpected integration issues, higher than expected integration costs and an overall post-completion integration process that takes longer than originally anticipated. Specifically, the following issues, among others, must be addressed as we continue to integrate the operations of Lemonade and Metromile in order to realize the anticipated benefits of the mergers so the combined company performs as expected: 
 
 combining the companies operations and corporate functions; 
 combining the business of Lemonade and Metromile and meeting the capital requirements, in a manner that permits the combined company achieve any cost savings or other synergies anticipated to result from the mergers, the failure of which would result in the anticipated benefits of the mergers not being realized in the time frame currently anticipated or at all; 
 integrating personnel from the two companies, especially in the COVID-19 environment which has required employees to work remotely in many locations; 
 integrating the companies technologies and technologies licensed from third parties; 
 integrating and unifying the offerings and services available to customers; 
 identifying and eliminating redundant and underperforming functions and assets; 
 harmonizing the companies operating practices, employee development and compensation programs, internal controls and other policies, procedures and processes; 
 maintaining existing agreements with customers, suppliers, distributors and vendors, avoiding delays in entering into new agreements with prospective customers, suppliers, distributors and vendors, and leveraging relationships with such third parties for the benefit of the combined company; 
 addressing possible differences in business backgrounds, corporate cultures and management philosophies; 
 consolidating the companies administrative and information technology infrastructure; 
 coordinating distribution and marketing efforts; 
 managing the movement of certain positions to different locations; 
 coordinating geographically dispersed organizations; and 
 effecting actions that may be required in connection with obtaining regulatory or other governmental approvals and consents 
 In addition, at times the attention of certain members of Lemonade s management and respective resources may be focused on the integration of the businesses of the two companies and diverted from day-to-day business operations or other opportunities that may have been beneficial to such company, which may disrupt each company s ongoing business and the business of the combined company. 

63 

Table of Contents 

 The combined company may be exposed to increased litigation, which could have an adverse effect on the combined company s business and operations. 
 In the future, we may be exposed to increased litigation from stockholders, customers, suppliers, distributors, consumers and other third parties due to the combination of Lemonade s and Metromile s businesses. Such litigation may have an adverse impact on the combined company s business and results of operations or may cause disruptions to the combined company s operations. 
 
 General Risks 
 If we are unable to make acquisitions and investments, or successfully integrate them into our business, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 
 As part of our business strategy, we will continue to consider a wide array of potential strategic transactions, including acquisitions of businesses, new technologies, services and other assets and strategic investments that complement our business. We may evaluate target companies and make acquisitions in the future. There is no assurance that such acquired businesses will be successfully integrated into our business or generate substantial revenue. 
 Acquisitions such as the acquisition of Metromile, involve numerous risks, any of which could harm our business and negatively affect our financial condition and results of operations, including: 
 
 intense competition for suitable acquisition targets, which could increase prices and adversely affect our ability to consummate deals on favorable or acceptable terms; 
 failure or material delay in closing a transaction, including as a result of regulatory review and approvals; 
 inadequacy of reserves for losses and loss expenses; 
 quality of their data and underwriting processes; 
 conditions imposed by regulatory agencies that make the realization of cost-savings through integration of operations more difficult; 
 difficulties in obtaining regulatory approvals on our ability to be an acquirer; 
 a need for additional capital that was not anticipated at the time of the acquisition; 
 transaction-related lawsuits or claims; 
 difficulties in integrating the technologies, operations, existing contracts and personnel of an acquired company; 
 difficulties in retaining key employees or business partners of an acquired company; 
 diversion of financial and management resources from existing operations or alternative acquisition opportunities; 
 failure to realize the anticipated benefits or synergies of a transaction; 
 failure to identify the problems, liabilities or other shortcomings or challenges of an acquired company or technology, including issues related to intellectual property, regulatory compliance practices, litigation, accounting practices, or employee or user issues; 
 risks that regulatory bodies may enact new laws or promulgate new regulations that are adverse to an acquired company or business; 
 theft of our trade secrets or confidential information that we share with potential acquisition candidates; 
 risk that an acquired company or investment in new offerings cannibalizes a portion of our existing business; and 
 adverse market reaction to an acquisition. 
 
 If we fail to address the foregoing risks or other problems encountered in connection with past or future acquisitions of businesses, new technologies, services and other assets and strategic investments, or if we fail to successfully integrate such acquisitions or investments, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 

64 

Table of Contents 

 An active, liquid trading market for our common stock may not be sustained, which may cause our common stock to trade at a discount from the public offering price and make it difficult for you to sell the common stock you purchase. 
 
 We cannot predict the extent to which investor interest in us will sustain a trading market on the NYSE or how active and liquid that market may remain. If an active and liquid trading market is not sustained, you may have difficulty selling any of our common stock that you purchase at a price above the price you purchase it or at all. The failure of an active and liquid trading market to continue would likely have a material adverse effect on the value of our common stock. The market price of our common stock may decline below the public offering price, and you may not be able to sell your shares of our common stock at or above the price you paid or at all. An inactive market may also impair our ability to raise capital to continue to fund operations by selling shares and may impair our ability to acquire other companies or technologies by using our shares as consideration. 
 
 If securities or industry analysts cease publishing research or reports about us, our business or our markets, or if they adversely change their recommendations or publish negative reports regarding our business or our stock, our stock price and trading volume could materially decline. 
 
 The trading market for our common stock will be influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts may publish about us, our business, our markets, or our competitors. We cannot provide any assurance that analysts will continue to cover us or provide favorable coverage. If any of the analysts who may cover us adversely change their recommendation regarding our stock, or provide more favorable relative recommendations about our competitors, our stock price could materially decline. If any analyst who may cover us were to cease coverage of the Company or fail to regularly publish reports on us, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which in turn could cause our stock price or trading volume to materially decline. 
 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 None. 

Item 2. Properties 
 
 The Company does not own any real property. Our principal office is located at 5 Crosby Street, 3rd Floor, New York, New York 10013 where we lease approximately 43,985 square feet of office space under a lease agreement that terminates in November 2025. 
 
 The Company leases additional office space in Arizona, California, Georgia, Texas, Tel Aviv, Amsterdam, and London, to support our operations in the U.S., Europe and the UK. We believe that our facilities are sufficient to meet our current needs and that suitable additional space will be available as and when needed. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 
 The Company is occasionally a party to routine claims or litigation incidental to its business and settled a class action litigation in October 2022, which alleged that certain of our business practices are or were improper. 
 See Note 20 - Contingencies in our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report. The Company does not believe that it is a party to any pending legal proceeding that is likely to have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 66 

Table of Contents 

 INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS 
 
 The following table sets forth information regarding our executive officers and directors as of the date of this Annual Report. 
 
 Name Age Position Executive Officers Daniel Schreiber 51 Co-Founder, Co-Chief Executive Officer, Chairman and Director Shai Wininger 49 Co-Founder, Co-Chief Executive Officer, President, Secretary and Director Adina Eckstein 38 Chief Operating Officer Tim Bixby 58 Chief Financial Officer John Peters 51 Chief Insurance Officer Jorge Espinel 51 Chief Business Development Officer Directors Michael Eisenberg (2)(3) 
 51 Director Silvija Martincevic (1)(3) 
 43 Director Irina Novoselsky (1)(2) 
 38 Director Mwashuma Nyatta (1)(2) 
 42 Director 
 (1) Member of the Audit Committee 
 (2) Member of the Compensation Committee 
 (3) Member of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee 
 
 The following is a brief biography of each of our executive officers and directors: 
 
 Daniel Schreiber has served as our Co-Founder, Co-Chief Executive Officer, and Chairman of our board of directors since our founding in June 2015. Prior to co-founding Lemonade in 2015, Mr. Schreiber served as President and a member of the board of directors of Powermat Technologies Ltd., a wireless charging solutions and technology company, from 2011 to 2015. From 2003 to 2011, he served as Senior Vice President of Marketing and Vice President of Marketing and Business Development at SanDisk and M-Systems (which was acquired by SanDisk in 2006), respectively. In 1997, Mr. Schreiber co-founded and acted as the Chief Executive Officer of Alchemedia Inc., an internet security software company acquired by Finjan Software in 2002. Prior to that, Mr. Schreiber practiced corporate commercial law at Herzog, Fox Neeman, and was a member of the Israeli Bar Association. He holds a Bachelor of Laws with First Class Honors from King s College London. We believe Mr. Schreiber is qualified to serve on our board of directors due to his perspective and experience from serving as a Co-Founder and Chief Executive Officer, as well as his experience leading technology companies. 
 
 Shai Wininger has served in various roles, including as our Co-Founder, Secretary, Treasurer, and Chief Technology Officer, since our founding in June 2015. Mr. Wininger has served as our Co-Chief Executive Officer since July 2021, and is a member of our board of directors. Prior to co-founding Lemonade in 2015, Mr. Wininger founded Fiverr Ltd. in 2009, and as the Chief Technology Officer, managed the engineering, design, and product departments. Prior to 2010, Mr. Wininger served in senior management capacities for companies including: from 2005 to 2010, Mobideo Aerospace, an industrial grade analytics and control platform; from 2003 to 2005, Handsmart Software, a mobile licensing platform for content driven, mobile apps; and from 1999 to 2003, Trimus Inc., a virtual reality web browser. Mr. Wininger also served as a resident faculty member of Computer Graphics at The Neri Bloomfield Academy of Design and Education from 2002 to 2007 in Haifa, Israel. We believe Mr. Wininger is qualified to serve on our board of directors due to his visionary perspective, technical acumen, and experience in founding and leading technology companies. 
 
 Adina Eckstein has served as the Company s Chief Operating Officer since July 2021. Prior to becoming our Chief Operating Officer, Ms. Eckstein served as our Vice President of Operations since November 2020. Prior to joining the Company in 2019, Ms. Eckstein served as Chief Operating Officer of HSBC, where she helped one of the world s largest financial institutions with the digitization of its business. Prior to that, from 2014 to 2016, Ms. Eckstein served as Vice President of Programme and Portfolio at BBC Worldwide, where she led the development and operations of all consumer digital technology. She holds a Bachelor of Arts in Economics in Hebrew University and a Master of Business Administration from Tel Aviv University. 
 
 67 

Table of Contents 

Tim Bixby has served as our Chief Financial Officer since June 2017. Since February 2021, he has also served as a director and as chair of the audit committee of the board of directors of Rent the Runway, a leading 
 e-commerce fashion rental and resale business. Prior to joining Lemonade, Mr. Bixby served as Chief Financial Officer of Shutterstock, Inc., a digital content licensing marketplace, from 2011 to 2015. From 1999 to 2011 he served as the Chief Financial Officer, President, and a member of the board of directors of LivePerson, Inc., a provider of cloud mobile and online business messaging solutions. He holds a Bachelor of Arts in Mathematics from Dartmouth College and a Master of Business Administration from Harvard Business School. 
 
 John Peters has served as our Chief Insurance Officer since September 2016. Prior to joining Lemonade, he served as the Executive Vice President of Commercial Insurance Operations and the Chief Underwriting and Product Officer, Regional Companies Group for Liberty Mutual Insurance from 2011 to 2016. Mr. Peters also spent ten years with McKinsey Company s global property-casualty insurance practice, serving in various roles including partner. He holds a Bachelor of Arts in Mathematics and German from Bowdoin College and is a former fellow of the Casualty Actuarial Society. 
 
 Jorge Espinel has served as our Chief Business Development Officer since October 2018. Prior to joining Lemonade, from 2013 to 2018, he served as the Vice President of Global Business Development at Spotify. Mr. Espinel also spent 2009 to 2013 at News Corporation s Digital Media Group, now 21st Century Fox, serving as the Executive Vice President of Corporate Strategy and Development. From 2008 to 2009, Mr. Espinel served as an investment partner with Fuse Capital, formerly Velocity Interactive Group. In addition, Mr. Espinel served as the Vice President of Corporate Strategy and Mergers and Acquisitions at America Online from 2002 to 2007. He holds a Bachelor of Science in Economics and a Bachelor of Arts in International Relations, magna cum laude, from University of Pennsylvania s The Wharton School and the College of Arts and Sciences. 
 
 Michael Eisenberg has served as a member of our board of directors since July 2015. Mr. Eisenberg is a Partner at Aleph, an early stage venture capital fund that invests in Israeli entrepreneurs, which he joined in July 2013. In addition to his role on our board of directors, Mr. Eisenberg serves as a member of the board of several private companies. He holds a Bachelor of Arts in Political Science from Yeshiva University. We believe Mr. Eisenberg is qualified to serve on our board of directors due to his technology investment experience and his service as a director at numerous companies. 
 
 Silvija Martincevic has served as a member of our board of directors since April 2021. Since February 2023, Ms. Martincevic has served as the Chief Executive Officer of Deputy Corporation, a global leader in smart scheduling and workforce management for shift workers and businesses. From April 2019 until July 2022, Ms. Martincevic was the Chief Commercial Officer for Affirm, Inc., a consumer lending company, and was responsible for commercial, partnership, and marketing strategy. She continued to serve as a consultant of Affirm through December 2022. Prior to Affirm, from 2011 until 2018, Ms. Martincevic served a variety of roles including Chief Operating Officer and Chief Marketing Officer of Groupon s international business across Europe, Asia, and Australia. Ms. Martincevic also spent 10 years in the investment management industry managing investments and portfolio risk for large institutions. In 2003, she co-founded Zenna Financial Services, an index equity asset manager, and served as its Chief Executive Officer until the company was acquired in 2007, and later held other senior leadership roles in the investment and hedge fund industry investing in women and minority-owned funds. Ms. Martincevic earned her B.A. in Economics at Beloit College and M.B.A. in Econometrics and Statistics from the Booth School of Business at the University of Chicago. We believe Ms. Martincevic is qualified to serve on our board of directors due to her strategic and operational background in financial technology and her experience in growing and scaling a variety of consumer technology companies. 
 
 68 

Table of Contents 

 Irina Novoselsky has served as a member of our board of directors since April 2021. Since January 2023, Ms. Novoselsky has served as the Chief Executive Officer of Hootsuite, a social media management platform company. Prior to Hootsuite, from 2017 to 2021, Ms. Novoselsky was the Chief Executive Officer and a member of the board of directors of CareerBuilder, a global media and SaaS business in the HR tech space, where she positioned the company for accelerated growth as the industry leading talent acquisition platform. She is currently serving as an advisor to the board of CareerBuilder. Previously, Ms. Novoselsky served as the President of Novitex Enterprise Solutions from 2014 to 2017, a technology outsourcing business, where she also served as interim CFO in 2014. Prior to Novitex, Ms. Novoselsky was an investment professional at Apollo Global Management in the Private Equity Group and an investment banker in the M A Group at Morgan Stanley. She graduated magna cum laude from the Stern School of Business at New York University. We believe Ms. Novoselsky is qualified to serve on our board of directors due to her business to business and business to consumer experience driving growth and operational efficiency for large, global, complex organizations and financial acumen. 
 
 Mwashuma (Shu) Nyatta has served as a member of our board of directors since November 2018. Mr. Nyatta is also an independent board member for a number of private companies. In May 2022, Mr. Nyatta founded Bicycle Capital, a growth equity investment firm, and serves as its founder and managing partner. Prior to Bicycle, he was a Managing Partner at SoftBank, which he joined in 2015. At SoftBank, he invested in and sat on the boards of multiple high-growth companies across varied industries and geographies. Prior to SoftBank, Mr. Nyatta served as a Vice President at J.P. Morgan from 2011 to 2015. Mr. Nyatta has passed the Series 63 Uniform Securities Agent State Law Exam and the Series 79 Investment Banking Representative Exam, both administered by FINRA. He holds a Bachelor of Arts in Economics from Harvard College, as well as a Master of Science in Anthropology with Distinction from Oxford University, where he was a Rhodes Scholar. We believe Mr. Nyatta is qualified to serve on our board of directors due to his experience in the finance field and his service as a director at numerous companies. 

69 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Market Information 
 The Company s common stock is listed and traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the trading symbol LMND . 
 Holders 
 As of March 2, 2023, there were approximately 172 holders of record of the Company s common stock. 
 Dividends 
 
 We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our capital stock. We currently intend to retain any future earnings and do not expect to pay any dividends in the foreseeable future. Any future determination to declare cash dividends will be made at the discretion of our board of directors, subject to applicable laws, and will depend on a number of factors, including our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, contractual restrictions, general business conditions, and other factors that our board of directors may deem relevant. 
 Performance Graph 
 The following performance graph compares the cumulative total shareholder return of an investment in our common shares since July 2, 2020 (first day of trading) through December 31, 2022 to the cumulative total return of Nasdaq Composite Stock Index Nasdaq Index and the Nasdaq Insurance Index Nasdaq Insurance Index ). The graph assumes that 100 was invested on July 2, 2020 and the reinvestment of dividends, if any. The share price performance presented below is not necessarily indicative of future results. 
 
 July 2, 2020 December 31, 2020 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2022 Lemonade, Inc. 100.00 422.41 145.21 47.17 Nasdaq Composite Index 100.00 123.78 153.27 102.54 Nasdaq Insurance Index 100.00 123.27 140.90 143.68 
 70 

Table of Contents 

 The foregoing performance graph and data shall not be deemed filed as part of this Form 10-K for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section and should not be deemed incorporated by reference into any other filing of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, except to the extent the Company specifically incorporates it by reference into such filing. 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 Except as previously disclosed during the third quarter of 2022, there have been no recent sales of unregistered securities. 
 Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 
 None. 
 Use of Proceeds 
 On July 1, 2020, the SEC declared effective our registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-239007), as amended, filed in connection with our initial public offering (the Registration Statement ). 
 
 The net proceeds of approximately 335.6 million from our initial public offering have been invested in investment grade, interest-bearing instruments. There has been no material change in the expected use of the net proceeds from our initial public offering as described in our final prospectus, dated July 1, 2020, filed with the SEC pursuant to Rule 424(b) relating to our Registration Statement. 

Item 6. [Reserved] 
 71 

Table of Contents 

 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements, the accompanying notes and other information included elsewhere in this Annual Report. This discussion and analysis below includes forward-looking statements that are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors described in the Risk Factors section that could cause actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking statements. Additionally, our historical results are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for any period in the future. A discussion of the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020 has been reported previously under Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 filed with the SEC on March 1, 2022 (the 2021 Annual Report ). 
 
 In this Annual Report, unless we indicate otherwise or the context requires, "Lemonade, Inc.," "Lemonade," "the Company," "we," "our," "ours" and "us" refer to Lemonade, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries, including Lemonade Insurance Company, Lemonade Insurance Agency, LLC, and Metromile, Inc. 

Overview 
 Lemonade is rebuilding insurance from the ground up on a digital substrate and an innovative business model. By leveraging technology, data, artificial intelligence, contemporary design, and social impact, we believe we are making insurance more delightful, more affordable, and more precise. To that end, we have built a vertically-integrated company with wholly-owned insurance carriers in the United States and Europe, and the full technology stack to power them. 
 A brief chat with our bot, AI Maya, is all it takes to get covered with renters, homeowners, pet, car or life insurance, and we expect to offer a similar experience for other insurance products over time. Claims are filed by chatting with another bot, AI Jim, who pays claims in as little as three seconds. This breezy experience belies the extraordinary technology that enables it: a state-of-the-art platform that spans marketing to underwriting, customer care to claims processing, finance to regulation. Our architecture melds artificial intelligence with the human kind, and learns from the prodigious data it generates to become ever better at delighting customers and evaluating risk. 
 In addition to digitizing insurance end-to-end, we also reimagined the underlying business model to minimize volatility while maximizing trust and social impact. To lessen the volatility inherent in an industry directly impacted by the weather, we utilize several forms of reinsurance, with the goal of dampening the impact on our gross margin. The result is that excess claims are generally offloaded to reinsurers, while excess premiums can be donated to nonprofits selected by our customers as part of our annual "Giveback". These two ballasts, reinsurance and Giveback, reduce volatility, while creating an aligned, trustful, and values-rich relationship with our customers. See Business - Our Business Model and Business - Our Product Offerings - Giveback Feature. 
 Acquisition of Metromile 
 On July 28, 2022 (the Acquisition Date ), the Company completed the acquisition of Metromile, Inc. Metromile"), a leading digital insurance platform in the United States that offers real-time, personalized car insurance policies by the mile. The Company acquired 100 of Metromile's equity through an all-stock transaction based upon the exchange ratio of 0.05263 shares of Lemonade for each outstanding share of Metromile (the Metromile Acquisition ). As a result of the Metromile Acquisition, Metromile stockholders received 6,901,934 shares of Lemonade's common stock, with minimal cash paid in lieu of fractional shares. In addition, the Company assumed all outstanding and unexercised options, and outstanding restricted stock units as of the Acquisition Date, which were converted into corresponding awards with substantially identical terms and conditions prior to the Acquisition Date, at the same exchange ratio of 0.05263. Our results of operations include those of Metromile from the Acquisition Date through December 31, 2022. 
 
 72 

Table of Contents 

 Key Factors and Trends Affecting our Operating Results 
 Our financial condition and results of operations have been, and will continue to be, affected by a number of factors, including the following: 
 Seasonality 
 Seasonal patterns can impact both our rate of customer acquisition and the incurrence of claims and losses. 
 Based on historical experience, existing and potential customers move more frequently in the third quarter, compared to the rest of the calendar year. As a result, we may see greater demand for new or expanded insurance coverage, and increased online engagement resulting in proportionately more growth during the third quarter. We expect that as we grow our customers, expand geographically and launch new products, the impact of seasonal variability on our rate of growth may decrease. 
 Additionally, seasonal weather patterns impact the level and amount of claims we receive. These patterns include hurricanes, wildfires, and coastal storms in the fall, cold weather patterns and changing home heating needs in the winter, and tornados and hailstorms in the spring and summer. The mix of geographic exposure and products within our customer base impacts our exposure to these weather patterns. 
 
 Current Macroeconomic Environment 
 
 The global pandemic resulting from the coronavirus, including variants COVID-19 has severely impacted the global economy and caused a significant slowdown in economic activity. While the global economy began to reopen in 2021, there remains to be an uncertainty about the duration and macroeconomic impact of COVID-19. Although the Company did not see a material impact on its results of operations, management continues to monitor and cannot definitively determine the ultimate financial impact of COVID-19, and the related economic conditions. 
 
 Our investment portfolio consists of high-quality securities, and we do not expect a material adverse impact in the value of our investment portfolio, or long-term negative impact on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows as it relates to COVID-19. 
 
 General economic inflation has increased and there is a risk of inflation remaining elevated for an extended period. We anticipate the effects of inflation impacting our investment portfolio, pricing of our products and in estimating reserves for unpaid claims and claim expenses. The actual effects of the current and potential future increase in inflation on our results remains to be unknown and cannot be estimated with precision. 
 
 See "Risk Factors Risks Relating to our Industry Severe weather events and other catastrophes, including the effects of climate change and global pandemics, are inherently unpredictable and may have a material adverse effect on our financial results and financial condition." 
 
 Reinsurance 
 We obtain reinsurance to help manage our exposure to property and casualty insurance risks. Although our reinsurance counterparties are liable to us according to the terms of the reinsurance policies, we remain primarily liable to our policyholders as the direct insurers on all risks reinsured, see "Risk Factors - Risks Relating to Our Business and Risks Relating to Our Industry. As a result, reinsurance does not eliminate the obligation of our insurance subsidiaries to pay all claims, and we are subject to the risk that one or more of our reinsurers will be unable or unwilling to honor its obligations, that the reinsurers will not pay in a timely fashion, or that our losses are so large that they exceed the limits inherent in our reinsurance contracts, each of which could have a material effect on our results of operations and financial condition. Furthermore, reinsurance may be unavailable at current levels and prices, which may limit our ability to write new business. 
 
 Through June 30, 2021, we had proportional reinsurance contracts which cover all of our products and geographies, we transferred, or ceded, 75 of our premium to our reinsurers Proportional Reinsurance Contracts ). In exchange, these reinsurers paid us a ceding commission of 25 for every dollar ceded, in addition to funding all of the corresponding claims, or 75 of all our claims. The Company opted to manage the remaining 25 of the business with alternative forms of reinsurance through non-proportional reinsurance contracts Non-Proportional Reinsurance Contracts ). 
 73 

Table of Contents 

 A portion of the Company s proportional reinsurance program expired on June 30, 2021 and June 30, 2022. As the business continued to grow and diversify, and with stability in our insurance results, we decreased the overall share of proportional reinsurance from 75 of premium to 55 effective July 1, 2022. In addition, we purchased a new reinsurance program to protect us against natural catastrophe risk in the U.S. that exceeds 80 million in losses effective July 1, 2022. Other non-proportional reinsurance contracts were renewed with terms similar to the expired contracts. 
 Metromile entered into a Quota Share reinsurance agreement effective January 1, 2022 through June 30, 2023. Under the terms of the agreement, the Company cedes 30 of premiums and losses to reinsurers. 
 
 Components of our Results of Operations 
 Revenue 
 Gross Written Premium 
 Gross written premium is the amount received, or to be received, for insurance policies written by us during a specific period of time without reduction for premiums ceded to reinsurance. Gross written premium includes direct and assumed premium. In December 2022, we began assuming premium related to car insurance policies written in Texas, in connection with our fronting arrangement with a third party carrier in Texas. Following the Metromile Acquisition, we also include direct written premium from the sale of pay-per-mile car insurance policies within the United States. The volume of our gross written premium in any given period is generally influenced by new business submissions, binding of new business submissions into policies, renewals of existing policies, and average size and premium rate of bound policies. 
 Ceded Written Premium 
 Ceded written premium is the amount of gross written premium ceded to reinsurers. We enter into reinsurance contracts to limit our exposure to potential losses as well as to provide additional capacity for growth. Ceded written premium is earned over the reinsurance contract period in proportion to the period of risk covered. The volume of our ceded written premium is impacted by the level of our gross written premium and any decision we make to increase or decrease in reinsurance limits, retention levels and co-participation. Our ceded written premium can also be impacted significantly in certain periods due to changes in reinsurance agreements. In periods where we start or stop ceding a large volume of our premium, ceded written premium may increase or decrease significantly compared to prior periods and these fluctuations may not be indicative of future trends. 
 
 Gross Earned Premium 
 Gross earned premium represents the earned portion of our gross written premium. Gross earned premium includes direct and assumed premium. Our insurance policies generally have a term of one year and premium is earned pro rata over the term of the policy. In addition, following the Metromile Acquisition, we also include earned premiums from the pay-per-mile car insurance policies which are written for six-month terms. Premium for the policy provides a base rate per month for the entire policy term upon binding of the policy plus a per-mile rate multiplied by the miles driven each day (based on data from the telematics device, subject to a daily maximum). 
 Ceded Earned Premium 
 
 Ceded earned premium is the amount of gross earned premium ceded to reinsurers. 
 Net Earned Premium 
 Net earned premium represents the earned portion of our gross written premium, less the earned portion that is ceded to third-party reinsurers under our reinsurance agreements. Premium is earned pro rata over the term of the policy, which is generally one year. Net earned premium from the pay-per-mile car insurance policies are earned over the term of the policy which is written for six-month terms. 
 74 

Table of Contents 

 Ceding Commission Income 
 Ceding commission income is commission we receive based on the premium ceded to third-party reinsurers to reimburse us for acquisition and underwriting expenses. We earn commissions on reinsurance premium ceded in a manner consistent with the recognition of the earned premium on the underlying insurance policies, on a pro-rata basis over the terms of the policies reinsured. The portion of ceding commission income which represents reimbursement of successful acquisition costs related to the underlying policies is recorded as an offset to other insurance expense. 
 
 Net Investment Income 
 Net investment income represents interest earned from fixed maturity securities, short term securities and other investments, and the gains or losses from the sale of investments, net of investment fees paid to the Company s investment manager. Our cash and invested assets are primarily comprised of fixed-maturity securities, and may also include cash and cash equivalents, equity securities, and short-term investments. The principal factors that influence net investment income are the size of our investment portfolio and the yield on that portfolio. As measured by amortized cost (which excludes changes in fair value, such as changes in interest rates), the size of our investment portfolio is mainly a function of our invested equity capital along with premium we receive from our customers less payments on customer claims. Over time, we expect that net investment income will represent a more meaningful component of our results of operations. 
 Commission and Other Income 
 Commission income consists of commissions earned for policies placed with third-party insurance companies where we have no exposure to the insured risk. Such commission is recognized on the effective date of the associated policy which is when the performance obligation is completed. Other income primarily consists of fees collected from policyholders relating to installment premiums. These fees are recognized at the time each policy installment is billed. 
 Expense 
 Loss and Loss Adjustment Expense, Net 
 
 Loss and loss adjustment expense LAE ), net represent the costs incurred for losses net of amounts ceded to reinsurers. We enter into reinsurance contracts to limit our exposure to potential losses as well as to provide additional capacity for growth. These expenses are a function of the size and term of the insurance policies we write and the loss experience associated with the underlying risks. Loss and LAE are based on an actuarial analysis of the estimated losses, including losses incurred during the period and changes in estimates from prior periods. Loss and LAE may be paid out over a period of years. Certain policies we write are subject to catastrophe losses. Catastrophe losses are losses resulting from events involving claims and policyholders, including earthquakes, hurricanes, floods, storms, terrorist acts or other aggregating events that are designated by internationally recognized organizations, such as Property Claims Services, that track and report on insured losses resulting from catastrophic events. 
 Other Insurance Expense 
 Other insurance expense consists primarily of amortization of commissions costs and premium taxes incurred on the successful acquisition of business written on a direct basis, and credit card processing fees not charged to our customers. Other insurance expense also includes employee compensation, including stock-based compensation and benefits, of our underwriting teams as well as allocated occupancy costs and related overhead based on headcount. Other insurance expense is offset by the portion of ceding commission income which represents reimbursement of successful acquisition costs related to the underlying policies. 
 
 75 

Table of Contents 

 Sales and Marketing 
 Sales and marketing includes third-party marketing, advertising, branding, public relations and sales expenses. Sales and marketing also includes associated employee compensation, including stock-based compensation and benefits, as well as allocated occupancy costs and related overhead based on headcount. Sales and marketing costs are expensed as incurred. 
 We plan to continue to invest in sales and marketing to attract and acquire new customers and increase our brand awareness. We expect that sales and marketing costs will increase in absolute dollars in future periods and vary from period-to-period as a percentage of revenue in the near-term. We expect that, in the long-term, our sales and marketing costs will decrease as a percentage of revenue as we continue to drive customer acquisition efficiencies and as the proportion of renewals to our total business increases. 
 Technology Development 
 Technology development consists of employee compensation, including stock-based compensation and benefits, and expenses related to vendors engaged in product management, design, development and testing of our websites and products. Technology development also includes allocated occupancy costs and related overhead based on headcount. We expense technology development costs as incurred, except for costs that are capitalized related to internal-use software development projects and subsequently depreciated over the expected useful life of the developed software. 
 We expect product technology development costs, a portion of which will be capitalized, to continue to grow in the foreseeable future as we identify opportunities to invest in the development of new products and internal tools and enhancement of our existing products and technologies that we believe will drive the long-term profitability of the business. 
 General and Administrative 
 General and administrative includes employee compensation, including stock-based compensation and benefits for executive, finance, accounting, legal, business operations, and other administrative personnel. In addition, general and administrative includes outside professional services, non-income based taxes, insurance, charitable donations, and allocated occupancy costs and related overhead based on headcount. Depreciation and amortization expense is recorded as a component of general and administrative. 
 We expect to incur incremental general and administrative costs to support our global operational growth and enhancements to support our reporting and planning functions. 
 We have incurred and expect to continue to incur significant additional general and administrative expense as a result of operating as a public company, including expenses related to compliance with the rules and regulations of the SEC and the listing standards of the NYSE, additional corporate, director and officer insurance expenses, greater investor relations expenses and increased legal, audit and consulting fees. We also expect to increase the size of our general and administrative function to support our increased compliance requirements and the growth of our business. As a result, we expect that our general and administrative expense will increase in absolute dollars in future periods and vary from period-to-period as a percentage of revenue. 
 Income Tax Expense 
 Our provision for income taxes consists primarily of foreign income taxes related to income generated by our subsidiaries organized under the laws of the Netherlands and Israel. As we expand the scale of our international business activities, any changes in the U.S. and foreign taxation of such activities may increase our overall provision for income taxes in the future. 
 We have a valuation allowance for our U.S. deferred tax assets, including federal and state net operating losses. We expect to maintain this valuation allowance until it becomes more likely than not that the benefit of our federal and state deferred tax assets will be realized through expected future taxable income in the United States. 
 
 76 

Table of Contents 

 Key Operating and Financial Metrics 
 We regularly review a number of metrics, including the following key operating and financial metrics, to evaluate our business, measure our performance, identify trends in our business, prepare financial projections and make strategic decisions. We believe these non-GAAP and operational measures are useful in evaluating our performance, in addition to our financial results prepared in accordance with GAAP. See " Non-GAAP Financial Measures" for additional information on non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation to the most comparable GAAP measures. 
 The following table sets forth these metrics as of and for the periods presented: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 in millions, except Premium per customer) Customers (end of period) 1,807,548 1,427,481 In force premium (end of period) 625.1 380.1 Premium per customer (end of period) 346 266 Annual dollar retention (end of period) 86 82 Total revenue 256.7 128.4 Gross earned premium 490.5 292.0 Gross profit 42.3 31.2 Adjusted gross profit 64.9 45.6 Net loss (297.8) (241.3) Adjusted EBITDA (225.1) (184.2) Gross profit margin 16 24 Adjusted gross profit margin 25 36 Ratio of Adjusted Gross Profit to Gross Earned Premium 13 16 Gross loss ratio 90 90 Net loss ratio 97 93 
 
 Customers 
 We define customers as the number of current policyholders underwritten by us or placed by us with third-party insurance partners (who pay us recurring commissions) as of the period end date. A customer that has more than one policy counts as a single customer for the purposes of this metric. We view customers as an important metric to assess our financial performance because customer growth drives our revenue, expands brand awareness, deepens our market penetration, creates additional upsell and cross-sell opportunities and generates additional data to continue to improve the functioning of our platform. 
 In Force Premium 
 We define in force premium ("IFP") as the aggregate annualized premium for customers as of the period end date. At each period end date, we calculate IFP as the sum of: 
 i) In force written premium the annualized premium of in force policies underwritten by us; and 
 ii) In force placed premium the annualized premium of in force policies placed with third party insurance companies for which we earn a recurring commission payment. In force placed premium currently reflects less than 2 of IFP. 
 77 

Table of Contents 

 The annualized value of premiums is a legal and contractual determination made by assessing the contractual terms with our customers. The annualized value of contracts is not determined by reference to historical revenues, deferred revenues, or any other GAAP financial measure over any period. IFP is not a forecast of future revenues nor is it a reliable indicator of revenue expected to be earned in any given period. We believe that our calculation of IFP is useful to analysts and investors because it captures the impact of growth in customers and premium per customer at the end of each reported period, without adjusting for known or projected policy updates, cancellations, rescissions and non-renewals. We use IFP because we believe it gives our management useful insight into the total reach of our platform by showing all in force policies underwritten and placed by us. Other companies, including companies in our industry, may calculate IFP differently or not at all, which reduces the usefulness of IFP as a tool for comparison. 
 Premium per customer 
 We define premium per customer as the average annualized premium customers pay for products underwritten by us or placed by us with third-party insurance partners. We calculate premium per customer by dividing IFP by customers. We view premium per customer as an important metric to assess our financial performance because premium per customer reflects the average amount of money our customers spend on our products, which helps drive strategic initiatives . 
 Annual Dollar Retention 
 We define Annual Dollar Retention ("ADR"), as the percentage of IFP retained over a twelve month period, inclusive of changes in policy value, changes in number of policies, changes in policy type, and churn. To calculate ADR we first aggregate the IFP from all active customers at the beginning of the period and then aggregate the IFP from those same customers at the end of the period. ADR is then equal to the ratio of ending IFP to beginning IFP. We believe that our calculation of ADR is useful to analysts and investors because it captures our ability to retain customers and sell additional products and coverage to them over time. We view ADR as an important metric to measure our ability to provide a delightful end-to-end customer experience, satisfy our customers evolving insurance needs and maintain our customers trust in our products. Our customers become more valuable to us every year they continue to subscribe to our products. Other companies, including companies in our industry, may calculate ADR differently or not at all, which reduces the usefulness of ADR as a tool for comparison. 
 Gross Earned Premium 
 Gross earned premium is the earned portion of our gross written premium. Gross earned premium includes direct and assumed premium. In December 2022, we began assuming premium related to car insurance policies written in Texas, in connection with our fronting arrangement with a third party carrier in Texas, and this does not impact the key performance indicators for any prior periods. 
 We use this operating metric as we believe it gives our management and other users of our financial information useful insight into the gross economic benefit generated by our business operations and allows us to evaluate our underwriting performance without regard to changes in our underlying reinsurance structure. See Components of Our Results of Operations Revenue Gross Earned Premium. 
 Unlike net earned premium, gross earned premium excludes the impact of premiums ceded to reinsurers, and therefore should not be used as a substitute for net earned premium, total revenue, or any other measure presented in accordance with GAAP. 
 Gross Profit 
 Gross profit is calculated in accordance with GAAP as total revenue less loss and loss adjustment expense, net, other insurance expense, and depreciation and amortization (allocated to cost of revenue) . 
 
 78 

Table of Contents 

 Adjusted Gross Profit 
 We define adjusted gross profit, a non-GAAP financial measure, as: 
 
 Gross profit, excluding net investment income, and interest income and expense, plus 
 Employee-related costs, plus 
 Professional fees and other, plus 
 Depreciation and amortization (allocated to cost of revenue) 
 See " Non-GAAP Financial Measures" for a reconciliation of total revenue to adjusted gross profit. 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 We define adjusted EBITDA, a non-GAAP financial measure, as net loss excluding the impact of interest income and expense, income tax expense, depreciation, amortization, stock-based compensation, net investment income, change in fair value of warrants liability, and other non-cash adjustments and other transactions that we consider to be unique in nature. See - Non-GAAP Financial Measures for a reconciliation of net loss to adjusted EBITDA in accordance with GAAP. 
 Gross Profit Margin 
 We define gross profit margin, expressed as percentage, as the ratio of gross profit to total revenue. 
 Adjusted Gross Profit Margin 
 We define adjusted gross profit margin, a non-GAAP financial measure, expressed as a percentage, as the ratio of adjusted gross profit to total revenue. See " Non-GAAP Financial Measures." 
 Ratio of Adjusted Gross Profit to Gross Earned Premium 
 We define Ratio of Adjusted Gross Profit to Gross Earned Premium, a non-GAAP financial measure, expressed as a percentage, as the ratio of adjusted gross profit to gross earned premium. Our Ratio of Adjusted Gross Profit to Gross Earned Premium provides management with useful insight into our operating performance. See Non-GAAP Financial Measures. 
 Gross Loss Ratio 
 We define gross loss ratio, expressed as a percentage, as the ratio of losses and loss adjustment expense to gross earned premium. 
 Net Loss Ratio 
 We define net loss ratio, expressed as a percentage, as the ratio of losses and loss adjustment expense, less amounts ceded to reinsurers, to net earned premium. 
 
 79 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations 
 The following table presents our results of operations for the periods indicated: 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change Change in millions) Revenue Net earned premium 172.4 77.0 95.4 124 Ceding commission income 64.1 44.9 19.2 43 Net investment income 8.4 1.9 6.5 342 Commission and other income 11.8 4.6 7.2 157 Total revenue 256.7 128.4 128.3 100 Expense Loss and loss adjustment expense, net 167.3 71.9 95.4 133 Other insurance expense 44.0 24.1 19.9 83 Sales and marketing 138.3 141.6 (3.3) (2) Technology development 79.6 51.8 27.8 54 General and administrative 122.3 72.6 49.7 68 Total expense 551.5 362.0 189.5 52 Loss before income taxes (294.8) (233.6) (61.2) 26 Income tax expense 3.0 7.7 (4.7) (61) Net loss (297.8) (241.3) (56.5) 23 
 
 Comparison of the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Net Earned Premium 
 Net earned premium increased by 95.4 million, or 124 , to 172.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily due to the earning of increased gross written premium, and increased retention of ceded written premium under our Proportional Reinsurance Contracts as discussed in detail above under Reinsurance. 
 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change Change in millions) Gross written premium 555.7 375.7 180.0 48 Ceded written premium (333.1) (273.4) (59.7) 22 Net written premium 222.6 102.3 120.3 118 
 Gross written premium increased 180.0 million, or 48 , to 555.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily due to a 27 increase in net added customers year over year driven by the success of our digital advertising campaigns. We also continued to expand our geographic footprint and product offerings. In addition, we saw a 30 increase in premiums per customer year over year due to an increasing prevalence of multiple policies per customer, growth in the overall average policy value, and continued shift in the mix of underlying products toward higher value policies. 
 80 

Table of Contents 

 Ceded written premium increased 59.7 million, or 22 , to 333.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to the impact of the change in reinsurance arrangements. The Company renewed a portion of the reinsurance contracts that expired on June 30, 2021 and June 30, 2022, which decreased the overall share of proportional reinsurance from 75 of premium to 55 effective July 1, 2022. The Company also purchased a new reinsurance program to protect against natural catastrophe risk in the U.S. Other non-proportional reinsurance contracts were renewed with terms similar to expired contracts. 
 Net written premium increased 120.3 million, or 118 , to 222.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily due to the 180.0 million, or 48 increase in gross written premium offset by the increase in ceded written premium of 59.7 million, or 22 for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 The table below shows the amount of premium we earned on a gross and net basis. Ceded earned premium as a percentage of gross earned premium decreased to 65 for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 74 for the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily due to the change in total participation in proportional reinsurance contracts, as discussed above. 
 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change Change in millions) Gross earned premium 490.5 292.0 198.5 68 Ceded earned premium (318.1) (215.0) (103.1) 48 Net earned premium 172.4 77.0 95.4 124 
 
 Ceding Commission Income 
 Ceding commission income increased 19.2 million, or 43 to 64.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, consistent with the increase in ceded earned premium related to the proportional reinsurance contracts with third-party reinsurance companies during the year. 
 
 Net Investment Income 
 Net investment income increased 6.5 million, or 342 , to 8.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily driven by the diversification of the Company s investment portfolio with higher returns in comparison to prior year, offset by investment expenses of 0.4 million. We mainly invest in cash, money market funds, U.S. Treasury bills, corporate debt securities, asset-backed securities, notes and other obligations issued or guaranteed by the U.S. Government. 
 Commission and Other Income 
 Commission and other income increased 7.2 million, or 157 to 11.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to year ended December 31, 2021, due to growth in premiums placed with third-party insurance companies during the period and an increase in installment fees billed. 
 
 Loss and Loss Adjustment Expense, Net 
 Loss and LAE, net increased 95.4 million, or 133 , to 167.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily in line with growth in premium, increase in net retained losses due to change in proportional reinsurance contract and increased claims costs due to impact of inflation. During the second half of 2022, net incurred losses of 0.4 million was recorded due to Hurricane Ian and 7.6 million due to winter storm Elliott. These increases were offset by favorable prior period development. 
 81 

Table of Contents 

 Other Insurance Expense 
 Other insurance expense increased 19.9 million, or 83 , to 44.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. Professional fees, and other increased by 6.8 million, or 115 primarily in support of growth and expansion initiatives during the year ended December 31, 2022. Employee-related expense, including stock based compensation, increased by 6.6 million, or 71 , as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, driven by an increase in underwriting staff to support our continued growth. Credit card processing fees increased 3.2 million, or 48 , as a result of the increase in customers and associated premium. Amortization of deferred acquisition costs, net of ceded commissions also increased by 3.2 million, or 133 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Sales and Marketing 
 Sales and marketing expenses decreased 3.3 million, or 2 , to 138.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. Expense related to brand and performance advertising decreased by 16.1 million, or 15 , as a result of reduced spending on search advertising and other customer acquisition channels. Employee-related expense, including stock based compensation, increased 8.2 million, or 29 , as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, driven by an increase in sales and marketing headcount to support our continued growth and expansion into new markets. Software expense also increased by 3.4 million, or 243 . 
 Technology Development 
 Technology development expenses increased 27.8 million, or 54 , to 79.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. Employee-related expense, including stock based compensation, net of capitalized costs for the development of internal-use software, increased 19.3 million, or 43 , as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, driven by an increase in payroll expense for product, engineering, design and quality assurance personnel to support our continued growth and product development initiatives, including automation, improvement in machine learning, new products, and geographic expansion. Technology tools and software expense increased by 5.6 million, or 147 . 
 General and Administrative 
 General and administrative expenses increase d 49.7 million, or 68 , to 122.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. Employee related expense, including stock-based compensation, increased by 17.1 million, or 49 , as we increased finance, legal, business operations and administrative personnel. Depreciation and amortization increased by 8.5 million or 230 . Non-recurring transaction and integration costs of 8.4 million primarily relating to legal and other professional fees and employee retention and severance costs were incurred relating to the Metromile Acquisition. Legal and Professional fees increased 6.1 million, or 102 . Software costs increased by 3.2 million, or 110 . Bad debt expense increased by 2.5 million, or 40 . 
 Income tax 
 
 Income tax expense decreased 4.7 million, or 61 , to 3.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 due to decreased tax liability related to income generated by our subsidiary in Israel, and uncertain tax positions. 
 
 Net loss 
 
 Net loss increased 56.5 million, or 23 , to 297.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 due to the factors described above. 
 82 

Table of Contents 

 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 The non-GAAP financial measures below have not been calculated in accordance with GAAP and should be considered in addition to results prepared in accordance with GAAP and should not be considered as a substitute for, or superior to, GAAP results. In addition, adjusted gross profit and adjusted gross profit margin, ratio of adjusted gross profit to gross earned premium, and adjusted EBITDA should not be construed as indicators of our operating performance, liquidity or cash flows generated by operating, investing and financing activities, as there may be significant factors or trends that they fail to address. We caution investors that non-GAAP financial information, by its nature, departs from traditional accounting conventions. Therefore, its use can make it difficult to compare our current results with our results from other reporting periods and with the results of other companies. 
 Our management uses these non-GAAP financial measures, in conjunction with GAAP financial measures, as an integral part of managing our business and to, among other things: (i) monitor and evaluate the performance of our business operations and financial performance; (ii) facilitate internal comparisons of the historical operating performance of our business operations; (iii) facilitate external comparisons of the results of our overall business to the historical operating performance of other companies that may have different capital structures and debt levels; (iv) review and assess the operating performance of our management team; (v) analyze and evaluate financial and strategic planning decisions regarding future operating investments; and (vi) plan for and prepare future annual operating budgets and determine appropriate levels of operating investments. 
 Adjusted Gross Profit and Adjusted Gross Profit Margin 
 We define adjusted gross profit, a non-GAAP financial measure, as gross profit excluding net investment income, and interest income and expense, plus fixed costs and overhead associated with our underwriting operations including employee-related expense and professional fees and other, and depreciation and amortization allocated to cost of revenue. After these adjustments, the resulting calculation is inclusive of only those variable costs of revenue incurred on the successful acquisition of business and without the volatility of investment income. We use adjusted gross profit as a key measure of our progress towards profitability and to consistently evaluate the variable contribution to our business from underwriting operations from period to period. 
 
 We define adjusted gross profit margin, a non-GAAP financial measure, expressed as a percentage, as the ratio of adjusted gross profit to total revenue. 
 The following table provides a reconciliation of total revenue to adjusted gross profit and the related adjusted gross profit margin for the periods presented: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 in millions) Total revenue 256.7 128.4 Adjustments: Loss and loss adjustment expense, net (167.3) (71.9) Other insurance expense (44.0) (24.1) Depreciation and amortization (3.1) (1.2) Gross profit 42.3 31.2 Gross profit margin of total revenue) 16 24 Adjustments: Net investment income (8.4) (1.9) Interest income (0.7) Employee-related costs 15.9 9.2 Professional fees and other 12.7 5.9 Depreciation and amortization 3.1 1.2 Adjusted gross profit 64.9 45.6 Adjusted gross profit margin of total revenue) 25 36 
 83 

Table of Contents 

 Ratio of Adjusted Gross Profit to Gross Earned Premium 
 The Ratio of Adjusted Gross Profit to Gross Earned Premium measures the relationship between the underlying business volume and gross economic benefit generated by our underwriting operations, on the one hand, and our underlying profitability trends, on the other. We rely on this measure, which supplements our gross profit ratio as calculated in accordance with GAAP, because it provides management with insight into our underlying profitability trends over time. 
 We use gross earned premium as the denominator in calculating this ratio, which excludes the impact of premiums ceded to reinsurers, because we believe that it reflects the business volume and the gross economic benefit generated by our underlying underwriting operations, which in turn are the key drivers of our future profit opportunities. We exclude the impact of ceded premiums from the denominator because ceded premiums can change rapidly and significantly based on the type and mix of reinsurance structures we use and, therefore, add volatility that is not indicative of our underlying profitability. For example, a shift to a proportional reinsurance arrangement would result in an increase in ceded premium, with offsetting benefits to gross profit from ceded losses and ceding commissions earned, resulting in a nominal overall economic impact. This shift would result in a steep decline in total revenue with a corresponding spike in gross margin, whereas we expect that the Ratio of Adjusted Gross Profit to Gross Earned Premium would remain relatively unchanged. We expect our reinsurance structure to evolve along with our costs and capital requirements, and we believe that our reinsurance structure at a given time does not reflect the performance of our underlying underwriting operations, which we expect to be the key driver of our costs of reinsurance over time. 
 On the other hand, the numerator, which is adjusted gross profit, includes the net impact of all reinsurance, including ceded premiums and the benefits of ceded losses and ceding commissions earned. Because our reinsurance structure is a key component of our risk management and a key driver of our profitability or loss in a given period, we believe this is meaningful. 
 Therefore, by providing this Ratio of Adjusted Gross Profit to Gross Earned Premium for a given period, we are able to assess the relationship between business volume and profitability, while eliminating the volatility from the cost of our then-current reinsurance structure, which is driven primarily by the performance of our insurance underwriting platform rather than our business volume. 
 The following table sets forth our calculation of the Ratio of Adjusted Gross Profit to Gross Earned Premium for the periods presented: Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 in millions) Numerator: Adjusted gross profit 64.9 45.6 Denominator: Gross earned premium 490.5 292.0 Ratio of Adjusted Gross Profit to Gross Earned Premium 13 16 
 
 84 

Table of Contents 

 Adjusted EBITDA 
 
 We define adjusted EBITDA, a non-GAAP financial measure, as net loss excluding interest Income and expense, income tax expense, depreciation, amortization, stock-based compensation, net investment income, change in fair value of warrants liability, other non-cash adjustments and other transactions that we would consider to be unique in nature. We exclude these items from adjusted EBITDA because we do not consider them to be directly attributable to our underlying operating performance. We use adjusted EBITDA as an internal performance measure in the management of our operations because we believe it gives our management and other customers of our financial information useful insight into our results of operations and our underlying business performance. Adjusted EBITDA should not be viewed as substitute for net loss calculated in accordance with GAAP, and other companies may define adjusted EBITDA differently. 
 The following table provides a reconciliation of adjusted EBITDA to net loss for the periods presented. 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 in millions) Net loss (297.8) (241.3) Adjustments: Income tax expense 3.0 7.7 Depreciation and amortization 12.2 3.7 Stock-based compensation 58.5 44.1 Transaction and integration cost (1) 
 8.4 3.5 Interest (income) expense, net (0.8) Net investment income (8.4) (1.9) Change in fair value of warrants liability (0.2) Adjusted EBITDA (225.1) (184.2) 
 
 (1) Total transaction and integration cost for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 8.4 million related to the Metromile Acquisition, comprised of 1.8 million of professional services and other costs, and 6.6 million of retention and severance costs, of which 0.8 million was stock-based compensation. 

85 

Table of Contents 

 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 282.5 million in cash and cash equivalents, and 750.1 million in investments. From the date we commenced operations, we have generated negative cash flows from operations, and we have financed our operations primarily through private sales of equity securities. On January 14, 2021, we issued and sold 3,300,000 shares of common stock, and generated net proceeds to us of 525.7 million after deducting underwriting discounts and other offering costs. On February 1, 2021, the underwriters exercised their option to purchase additional shares, which resulted in the issuance and sale of an additional 718,647 shares of common stock by us, and generated additional net proceeds of 114.6 million. Excluding capital raises, our principal sources of funds are insurance premiums, investment income, reinsurance recoveries and proceeds from maturity and sale of invested assets. These funds are primarily used to pay claims, operating expenses and taxes. We believe our cash and cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022 will be sufficient to meet our working capital and capital expenditures needs over at least the next 12 months. 
 Our cash flows used in operations may differ substantially from our net loss due to non-cash charges or due to changes in balance sheet accounts. 
 The timing of our cash flows from operating activities can also vary among periods due to the timing of payments made or received. Some of our payments and receipts, including loss settlements and subsequent reinsurance receipts, can be significant. Therefore, their timing can influence cash flows from operating activities in any given period. The potential for a large claim under an insurance or reinsurance contract means that our insurance subsidiaries may need to make substantial payments within relatively short periods of time, which would have a negative impact on our operating cash flows. 
 We are a holding company that transacts a majority of our business through operating subsidiaries. Consequently, our ability to pay dividends to stockholders, meet debt payment obligations and pay taxes and operating expenses is largely dependent on dividends or other distributions from our subsidiaries and affiliates, whose ability to pay us is highly regulated. 
 Our U.S. and Dutch insurance company subsidiaries, and our Dutch insurance holding company, are restricted by statute as to the amount of dividends that they may pay without the prior approval of their respective competent regulatory authorities. As of December 31, 2022, cash and investments held by these companies was 350.4 million. 
 Insurance companies in the United States are also required by state law to maintain a minimum level of policyholder's surplus. Insurance regulators in the states in which we operate have a risk-based capital standard designed to identify property and casualty insurers that may be inadequately capitalized based on inherent risks of the insurer's assets and liabilities and its mix of net written premium. Insurers falling below a calculated threshold may be subject to varying degrees of regulatory action. As of December 31, 2022, the total adjusted capital of our U.S. insurance subsidiaries was in excess of its respective prescribed risk-based capital requirements. 
 The following table summarizes our cash flow data for the periods presented: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 in millions) Net cash used in operating activities (163.0) (144.6) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 181.1 (804.8) Net cash provided by financing activities 3.6 649.6 
 86 

Table of Contents 

 Operating Activities 
 Cash used in operating activities was 163.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, an increase of 18.4 million from 144.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. This reflected the 56.5 million increase in our net loss, primarily offset by increases in unearned premium, funds held, and unpaid loss and loss adjustment expense that exceeded the increase in prepaid reinsurance premium, premiums receivable and amounts expected to be recovered from our reinsurance partners. The increase in cash used in operating activities from year ended December 31, 2022 compared to year ended December 31, 2021 was primarily due to claims payments, settlements, settlements with our reinsurance partners, and increased spend related to growth and expansion. 
 Cash used in operating activities was 144.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. This reflected the 119.0 million increase in our net loss, partially offset by non-cash charges and net cash provided by changes in our operating assets and liabilities. Non-cash charges primarily consisted of non-cash stock-based compensation. Net cash provided by changes in operating assets and liabilities primarily consisted of increases in funds held for reinsurance treaties, unearned premium, unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses and deferred ceding commission included in accrued and other liabilities, offset by increases in premiums receivable, prepaid reinsurance premiums and amounts expected to be recovered from our reinsurance partners. 
 Investing Activities 
 Cash provided by investing activities was 181.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 primarily due to cash from our Metromile Acquisition, sales and maturities of U.S. government obligations, corporate debt securities, asset-backed securities, short term investments, offset by purchases, and property and equipment purchased during the year. 
 
 Cash used in investing activities was 804.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily due to purchases of U.S. government obligations, corporate debt securities, short term investments and purchases of property and equipment during the year. 
 Financing Activities 
 Cash provided by financing activities was 3.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 primarily due to proceeds from stock exercises. 
 Cash provided by financing activities was 649.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily due to proceeds received from our Follow-on Offering as discussed above and proceeds from stock exercises. 
 We do not have any current plans for material capital expenditures other than current operating requirements. We believe that we will generate sufficient cash flows from operations to satisfy our liquidity requirements for at least the next 12 months and for the foreseeable future. The following table summarizes the Company s contractual obligations and commitments as of December 31, 2022, and the effect of such obligations are expected to have on our liquidity and cash flows in the future periods. 
 
 Payments Due by Period Total Less than 1 Year 1 to 3 Years 4 to 5 Years More than 5 Years in millions) Unpaid losses and loss adjustment expense (1) 
 256.2 184.2 57.0 7.8 7.2 Operating lease commitments 41.2 8.8 23.7 2.6 6.1 Total 297.4 193.0 80.7 10.4 13.3 
 ___________ 
 (1) The reserve for losses and loss adjustment expenses represent management's estimate of the ultimate cost of settling losses. As more fully discussed in " Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates Unpaid loss and loss adjustment expenses", the estimation of the unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses is based on various complex and subjective judgments. Actual losses paid may differ, perhaps significantly, from the reserve estimates reflected in our consolidated financial statements. Similarly, the timing of payment of our estimated losses is not fixed and there may be significant changes in actual payment activity. The assumptions used in estimating the likely payments due by period are based on our historical claims payment experience and industry payment patterns, but due to the 
 87 

Table of Contents 

 inherent uncertainty in the process of estimating the timing of such payments, there is a risk that the amounts paid can be significantly different from the amounts disclosed. 
 The amounts in the above table represent our gross estimates of known liabilities as of December 31, 2022 and do not include any allowance for claims for future events within the time period specified. Accordingly, we expect that the total amounts of obligations paid by us in the time periods shown will be greater than those indicated in the table. 
 
 To the extent our future operating cash flows are insufficient to cover our net losses from catastrophic events, we had 1,032.6 million in cash and cash equivalents, and investment securities available at December 31, 2022. We also have the ability to access additional capital through pursuing third-party borrowings, sales of our equity, issuance of debt securities or entrance into new reinsurance arrangements. There can be no assurance that we will be able to raise additional capital on favorable terms or at all. 
 
 88 

Table of Contents 

 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 Our financial statements are prepared in accordance with GAAP in the United States. The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires our management to make a number of estimates and assumptions relating to the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the period. We evaluate our significant estimates on an ongoing basis, including, but not limited to, estimates related to unpaid loss and loss adjustment expense, reinsurance assets, intangible assets, stock-based compensation, income tax assets and liabilities, including recoverability of our net deferred tax asset, income tax provisions and certain non-income tax accruals. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 
 We believe that the accounting policies described below involve a significant degree of judgment and complexity. Accordingly, we believe these are the most critical to aid in fully understanding and evaluating our consolidated financial condition and results of operations. For further information, see Note 4 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report. 
 Unpaid loss and loss adjustment expense 
 The reserves for loss and LAE represent management's best estimate of the ultimate cost of all reported and unreported losses and LAE incurred through the balance sheet date. Unpaid losses and LAE are based on the assumption that past developments are an appropriate indicator of future events. The incurred but not reported portion of unpaid losses and LAE is based on past experience and other factors. 
 The estimate of the unpaid loss and loss adjustment expense relies on several key judgments: 
 
 the determination of the actuarial models used as the basis for these estimates; 
 the relative weights given to these models; 
 the underlying assumptions used in these models; and 
 the determination of the appropriate groupings of similar product lines and, in some cases, the disaggregation of dissimilar losses. 
 Because actual experience can differ from key assumptions used in establishing reserves, there is potential for significant variation in the development of loss reserves. 
 For property coverage, the nature of claims is generally a short reporting period with volatility arising from occasional severe events. The process for estimating and recording unpaid losses and LAE is dependent on historical reported claims, industry information, the frequency and latency of claims reported, and assumptions of current environmental factors. 
 
 The following tables summarize our gross and net reserves for unpaid loss and LAE as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively: December 31, 2022 Gross of total Net of Total in millions) Loss and loss adjustment reserves Case reserve 89.0 35 44.3 34 IBNR 167.2 65 87.3 66 Total reserves 256.2 100 131.6 100 
 89 

Table of Contents 

 December 31, 2021 Gross of total Net of Total in millions) Loss and loss adjustment reserves Case reserve 44.8 46 10.9 43 IBNR 53.1 54 14.4 57 Total reserves 97.9 100 25.3 100 
 We have assessed the impact of potential reserve deviations from our carried reserve at December 31, 2022. We applied sensitivity factors to incurred losses for the three most recent accident years and to the carried reserve for all prior accident years combined. Due to our contractual arrangements with our reinsurers, the sensitivity analysis results in no change to our previous income or stockholders' equity. 
 The amount by which estimated losses differ from those originally reported for a period is known as "Development." 
 Development is unfavorable when the losses ultimately settle for more than the amount reserved or subsequent estimates indicate a basis for reserve increases on unresolved claims. Development is favorable when losses ultimately settle for less than the amount reserved, or subsequent estimates indicate a basis for reducing loss reserves on unresolved claims. We reflect favorable or unfavorable development of loss reserves in the results of operations in the period the estimates are changed. 
 
 The following tables summarize our Gross Ultimate Losses and LAE, and Net Ultimate Losses and LAE as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Gross Ultimate Losses and LAE in millions) Calendar Year Development Accident Year 2022 2021 2021 to 2022 2016 2017 5.1 5.1 2018 23.2 23.2 2019 59.9 58.4 1.5 2020 119.4 121.0 (1.6) 2021 263.6 262.8 0.8 2022 439.9 N/A N/A 0.7 
 Net Ultimate Losses and LAE in millions) Calendar Year Development Accident Year 2022 2021 2021 to 2022 2016 2.0 2.0 2017 34.2 1.7 32.5 2018 47.3 13.4 33.9 2019 70.9 46.2 24.7 2020 64.3 52.0 12.3 2021 140.9 69.4 71.5 2022 204.5 N/A N/A 176.9 
 90 

Table of Contents 

 Reinsurance assets 
 The estimation of reinsurance recoverable involves a significant amount of judgment. Reinsurance assets include reinsurance recoverable on unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses that are estimated as part of our loss reserving process and, consequently, are subject to similar judgments and uncertainties. This estimate requires significant judgment for which key considerations include: 
 
 paid and unpaid amounts recoverable; 
 whether the balance is in dispute or subject to legal collection; 
 the financial condition of a reinsurer (i.e., liquidated, insolvent, in receivership or otherwise subject to formal or informal regulatory restriction); and 
 the collectability of the reinsurance recovery for factors such as, amounts outstanding, length of collection periods, disputes, any collateral or letters of credit held and other relevant factors. 
 Income tax assets and liabilities, including recoverability of our net deferred tax asset 
 
 The evaluation of the recoverability of our deferred tax asset and the need for a valuation allowance requires us to weigh all positive and negative evidence to reach a conclusion that it is more likely than not that all or some portion of the deferred tax asset will not be realized. The weight given to the evidence is commensurate with the extent to which it can be objectively verified. The more negative evidence that exists, the more positive evidence is necessary and the more difficult it is to support a conclusion that a valuation allowance is not needed. 
 We consider a number of factors to reliably estimate future taxable income so we can determine the extent of our ability to realize NOLs, foreign tax credits, realized capital loss and other carryforwards. These factors include forecasts of future income for each of our businesses and actual and planned business and operational changes, both of which include assumptions about future macroeconomic and company-specific conditions and events. We subject the forecasts to stresses of key assumptions and evaluate the effect on tax attribute utilization. 
 
 Intangible Assets 
 Intangible assets are recorded at their acquisition date fair values which involves the use of valuation methodologies and various assumptions that are inherently subjective. Identifiable intangible assets consist of value of business acquired and technology, which are subject to amortization, and insurance licenses and trademark, and are not subject to amortization. These intangible assets were acquired as part of the Metromile Acquisition except for trademark associated with the Company s name, which was acquired in 2019. Finite-lived intangible assets, which are amortized over their estimated economic lives, are reviewed for impairment only when events occur or there are changes in circumstances indicating that their carrying value may exceed fair value. Impairment exists when the carrying value of intangible assets exceeds fair value. Indefinite-lived intangible assets are not amortized but are rather reviewed for potential impairment on an annual basis, or whenever indications of potential impairment exist. 
 
 Goodwill represents the excess of purchase price over the fair value of net assets acquired from our acquisition. Goodwill is not amortized, but instead is reviewed for impairment at the reporting unit level on an annual basis, during the fourth quarter, or more frequently if indicators of impairment exist. The annual impairment test for goodwill is initially completed through a qualitative assessment to determine if it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. If facts and circumstances determine that it is not more likely than not that a reporting unit fair value is less than its carrying amount, then additional testing of goodwill is not required. However, if we determine that it is more likely than not that the value of a reporting unit is less than the carrying amount, then we will perform a quantitative analysis. The quantitative analysis compares the estimated fair value of a reporting unit to its book value, including goodwill. If the fair value exceeds the book value, goodwill is considered not the be impaired. However, if the book value exceeds the fair value of a reporting unit, an impairment loss will be recognized in the amount of the excess book value over fair value limited by the total amount of goodwill for the reporting unit. 

91 

Table of Contents 

 Stock-based compensation 
 We account for stock-based compensation in accordance with ASC Topic 718, "Compensation Stock Compensation." Stock options are mainly awarded to employees and members of our board of directors and measured at fair value at each grant date. We calculate the fair value of share options on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model and the expense is recognized over the requisite service period for awards expected to vest using the straight-line method. The requisite service period for share options is generally four years. We recognize forfeitures as they occur. 
 See Note 16 - Stock-based compensation in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report for a complete description of the accounting for stock-based awards. 
 
 Recently Issued and Adopted Accounting Pronouncements 
 See "Note 4 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies" in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report for a discussion of accounting pronouncements adopted and their impact to our consolidated financial statements. 
 92 

Table of Contents 

 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 Market risk is the risk of economic losses due to adverse changes in the estimated fair value of a financial instrument as the result of changes in equity prices, interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates and commodity prices. Our consolidated balance sheets include assets and liabilities with estimated fair values that are subject to market risk, and the primary components of market risk affecting the Company are interest rate risk and credit risk on investments in fixed maturities. The Company does not have equity price risk or exposure to commodity risk. There were no invested assets denominated in foreign currencies. 
 
 Overview 
 
 The Company s investment portfolio is primarily fixed income securities issued by the U.S. government and government agencies and corporate issuers with relatively short durations. The investment portfolio is managed in accordance with the investment policies and guidelines approved by the board of directors. The Company s investment policy and objectives provide a balance between current yield, conservation of capital, and liquidity requirements of the Company s operations setting guidelines that provide for a well-diversified investment portfolio that is compliant with insurance regulations applicable in states in which we operate. The policy, which may change from time to time, and is approved by the board of directors and reviewed on a regular basis in order to ensure that the policy evolves in response to changes in the financial markets. 
 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 
 Interest rate risk is the risk that the Company will incur a loss due to adverse changes in interest rates relative to the interest rate characteristics of interest bearing assets and liabilities. Our fixed maturities portfolio is exposed to interest rate risk. Changes in interest rates have a direct impact on the market valuation of these securities. As market interest rates increase, market value of fixed maturities decrease, and vice versa. Certain of the our securities are held in an unrealized loss position, and we do not intend to sell and believe we will not be required to sell any of these securities held in an unrealized loss position before its anticipated recovery. A common measure of the interest sensitivity of fixed maturities is modified duration, a calculation that utilizes maturity, coupon rate, yield and call terms to calculate an average age to receive the present value of all the cash flows generated by such assets, including reinvestment of interest. The longer the duration, the more sensitive the asset is to market interest rate fluctuations. We manage this interest rate risk by investing in securities with relatively short durations. In addition, if a 10 change in interest rates were to have immediately occurred on December 31, 2022, this change would not have a material effect on the fair value of our investments as of that date. 
 
 Credit Risk 
 
 We are also exposed to credit risk on our investment portfolio. Credit risk results from uncertainty in a counterparty s ability to meet its obligations. We monitor our investment portfolio to ensure that credit risk does not exceed prudent levels. The majority of our investment portfolio is invested in high credit quality, investment grade fixed maturity securities. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, none of our fixed maturity securities were unrated or rated below investment grade. 
 
 Inflation Risk 
 
 Inflationary factors such as increases in overhead costs may adversely affect our operating results. In addition, inflation could lead to higher interest rates which may impact the market value of our investment portfolio. The current short duration of the Company's fixed maturity portfolio minimizes the negative effects of higher interest rates. 
 
 93 

Table of Contents 

 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 Index to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 97 
 Consolidated Financial Statements Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 99 
 Consolidated Statement of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 100 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Convertible Preferred Stock and Stockholders' Equity (Deficit) for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 101 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 103 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 104 
 Note 1 - Nature of Business 104 
 Note 2 - Basis of Presentation 105 
 Note 3 - Use of Estimates 105 
 Note 4 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 105 
 Note 5 - Acquisition of a Business 115 
 Note 6 - Investments 118 
 Note 7 - Fair Value Measurements 121 
 Note 8 - Reinsurance 122 
 Note 9 - Deferred Acquisition Costs 124 
 Note 10 - Property and Equipment 125 
 Note 11 - Intangible Assets 125 
 Note 12 - Other Assets 126 
 Note 13 - Unpaid Loss and Loss Adjustment Expenses 126 
 Note 14 - Other Liabilities and Accrued Expenses 131 
 Note 15 - Stockholders Equity 131 
 Note 16 - Stock-based Compensation 133 
 Note 17 - Income Taxes 136 
 Note 18 - Net Loss per Share 138 
 Note 19 - Related Party Transactions 139 
 Note 20 - Commitments and Contingencies 139 
 Note 21 - Leases 140 
 Note 22 - Statutory Financial Information 141 
 Note 23 - Geographical Breakdown of Gross Written Premium 141 
 Note 24 - Subsequent Events 142 

94 

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Lemonade, Inc. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Lemonade, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, changes in convertible preferred stock and stockholders' equity (deficit) and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in Item 15(a)(2) (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework), and our report dated March 3, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 
 Valuing the Acquired Technology Intangible Assets Description of the Matter As described in Note 5 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company completed its acquisition of Metromile. In connection with acquisition, the Company recorded 37.2 million of intangible assets, 28.0 million of which related to technology. 
 
 Auditing the Company's valuation of the technology intangible assets was complex due primarily to valuation methodologies that use inherently subjective assumptions. 
 
 95 

Table of Contents 

 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Company's processes with respect to estimating the fair value of the technology intangible assets. We tested controls over the estimation process for the recognition and measurement of the technology intangible assets, which included testing controls over management s review of assumptions used in the valuation model. 
 To test the estimated fair value of the technology intangible assets, we performed audit procedures that included, among others, evaluating the Company's use of valuation methodologies and significant assumptions utilized by the Company, with the assistance of our valuation specialists. We independently calculated a range of comparative values for the technology intangible assets which we compared to management s recorded best estimate. 
 
 Valuation of Incurred But Not Reported Description of the Matter At December 31, 2022, the Company s unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses balance, net of reinsurance was 131.6 million, of which 87.3 million relates to incurred but not reported IBNR reserves. The carrying amount is management s best estimate of the ultimate liability, which is composed of known reported losses and an estimate of incurred losses that have not been reported to the Company. As described in Note 4 of the consolidated financial statements, there is significant uncertainty inherent in determining management s best estimate of the ultimate loss settlement cost which is used to determine the IBNR reserves. In particular, the estimate of IBNR reserves is subject to a number of variables, including historical trends involving claim payment patterns, changes in claims reporting and settlement practices, and current and future inflation levels. 
 
 Auditing management s best estimate of the IBNR reserves involved the use of actuarial specialists and a high degree of subjectivity in evaluating management s assumptions which have a significant effect on the valuation of the IBNR reserves. 
 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the process to estimate the IBNR reserves, including, among others, the review and approval processes that management has in place for the methods and assumptions used in estimating the IBNR reserves. 
 
 To test the IBNR reserves, our procedures included, among others, the involvement of actuarial specialists to assist with the evaluation of the Company s selection of actuarial methods and assumptions used in their analysis and a comparison of those methods used in prior periods and those used in the industry. We also independently calculated a range of reasonable reserve estimates and performed independent projections for certain lines of business. We compared the range of reasonable reserve estimates to management s recorded best estimate and performed a review of the historical results of the development of the estimate. 

/s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2015. 
 
 New York, New York 
 March 3, 2023 
 96 

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Lemonade, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited Lemonade, Inc. s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework), (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Lemonade, Inc. (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria . 
 
 As indicated in the accompanying Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting, management s assessment of and conclusion on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting did not include the internal controls of Metromile, which is included in the 2022 consolidated financial statements of the Company and constituted 10 and 2 of total assets and net assets, respectively as of December 31, 2022 and 14 and 12 of revenues and net income, respectively, for the year then ended. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting of the Company also did not include the evaluation of the internal control over financial reporting of Metromile. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, changes in convertible preferred stock and stockholders' equity (deficit) and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and related notes and schedule and our report dated March 3, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S.federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 97 

Table of Contents 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

/s/ 

March 3, 2023 
 98 

Table of Contents 

 LEMONADE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 in millions, except share and per share amounts) 
 December 31, 2022 2021 Assets Investments Fixed maturities available-for-sale, at fair value (amortized cost: million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) 
 Short-term investments (cost: million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) 
 Total investments Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash Premium receivable, net of allowance for credit losses of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Reinsurance recoverable Prepaid reinsurance premium Deferred acquisition costs Property and equipment, net Intangible assets Goodwill Other assets Total assets Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity Unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses Unearned premium Trade payables Funds held for reinsurance treaties Deferred ceding commission Ceded premium payable Other liabilities and accrued expenses Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 20) Stockholders' equity Common stock, par value, shares authorized as of December 31, 2022 and 2021; shares and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total stockholders' equity Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 99 

Table of Contents 

 LEMONADE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 
 in millions, except share and per share amounts) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Revenue Net earned premium Ceding commission income Net investment income Commission and other income Total revenue Expense Loss and loss adjustment expense, net Other insurance expense Sales and marketing Technology development General and administrative Total expense Loss before income taxes ) ) ) Income tax expense Net loss ) ) ) Other comprehensive loss, net of tax Unrealized (loss) gain on investments in fixed maturities ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment ) Comprehensive loss ) ) ) Per share data: Net loss per share attributable to common stockholders basic and diluted Weighted average common shares outstanding basic and diluted 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 100 

Table of Contents 

 LEMONADE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIT) 
 in millions, except share amounts) 
 
 Convertible Preferred Stock Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Deficit Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Stockholders' Equity (Deficit) Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance as of December 31, 2019 ) ) Conversion of convertible preferred stock to common stock upon closing of Initial Public Offering ) ) Issuance of common stock upon closing of Initial Public Offering, net of issuance costs and underwriting fees of million 
 Contribution to the Lemonade Foundation Release of shares upon repayment Exercise of stock options Stock-based compensation Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive income Balance as of December 31, 2020 ) Issuance of common stock upon closing of Follow-on Offering, net of underwriting discounts and commissions and offering costs of million 
 Exercise of stock options and distribution 
 of restricted stock units 
 Stock-based compensation Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2021 ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements 
 101 

Table of Contents 

 LEMONADE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIT) 
 in millions, except share amounts) 
 
 Convertible Preferred Stock Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Deficit Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Stockholders' Equity (Deficit) Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance as of December 31, 2021 ) ) Issuance of common stock from acquisition of Metromile (Note 5) Exercise of stock options and distribution of restricted stock units Stock-based compensation Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements 
 102 

Table of Contents 

 LEMONADE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 in millions) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities: Net loss ) ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Stock-based compensation Amortization of premium (discount) on bonds ) ) Provision for bad debt Common shares contribution to Lemonade Foundation Unrealized loss on money market funds Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Premium receivable ) ) ) Reinsurance recoverable ) ) ) Prepaid reinsurance premium ) ) ) Deferred acquisition costs ) ) ) Other assets ) ) ) Unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses Unearned premium Trade payables ) ) Funds held for reinsurance treaties Deferred ceding commission Ceded premium payable ) Other liabilities and accrued expenses Net cash used in operating activities ) ) ) Cash flows from investing activities: Acquisition of business, net of cash acquired Proceeds from short-term investments sold or matured Proceeds from bonds sold or matured Cost of short-term investments acquired ) ) ) Cost of bonds acquired ) ) ) Purchases of property and equipment ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from Initial Public Offering and Follow-on Offering, net of underwriting discounts and commissions and offering costs Proceeds from release of shares upon repayment Proceeds from stock exercises Net cash provided by financing activities Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of year Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of year Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Cash paid for income taxes Non-cash transactions: Warrants assumed from acquisition of Metromile 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 103 

Table of Contents 

 LEMONADE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 1. 
 
 2. 
 
 Risks and Uncertainties 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has caused national and global economic and financial market disruptions and may adversely impact our business. Although the Company did not see a material impact on its results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Company cannot predict the duration or magnitude of the pandemic or the full impact that it may have on the Company s financial condition and results of operations, business operations, and workforce. 
 104 

Table of Contents 

 3. 

4. 
 reporting segment within the United States, Europe and U.K., providing insurance products to customers through various sales channels. 
 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 Restricted cash Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 
 Investments 
 105 

Table of Contents 

 Fair value of financial instruments 
 106 

Table of Contents 

 Concentrations of credit risk 
 
 Premium receivable 
 Allowance for credit losses amounted to million as of December 31, 2022 and million as of December 31, 2021. 
 Reinsurance 
 
 107 

Table of Contents 

 Deferred acquisition costs 
 The amount of deferred acquisition costs amortized to income was million, million , and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 respectively, and are included in other insurance expense on the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 
 Property and equipment, net 
 
 Furniture and equipment Leasehold improvements Shorter of lease term or useful life 
 Capitalized internal use software 
 , b eginning when the software is substantially complete and ready for its intended use. Costs incurred in the preliminary and post-implementation stages of the Company's products are expensed as incurred. 
 Intangible assets 

108 

Table of Contents 

Goodwill 

Unpaid loss and loss adjustment expense 
 109 

Table of Contents 

 Contingent liabilities 
 
 Comprehensive loss 
 
 Employee related obligations 
 The matching contributions made by the Company amounted to million , million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 110 

Table of Contents 

 Other insurance expense 
 
 Sales and marketing 
 Advertising expenses totaled million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Technology development 
 
 111 

Table of Contents 

Leases 
 
 Accounting for stock-based compensation 
 . The Company recognizes forfeitures as they occur. 
 The Black-Scholes option-pricing model requires the Company to make a number of assumptions, including the value of the Company's common stock, expected volatility, expected term, risk-free interest rate and expected dividends. The Company evaluates the assumptions used to value option awards upon each grant of stock options. Prior to the Company s IPO, expected volatility was calculated based on the implied volatility from market comparisons of certain publicly traded companies and other factors. The expected option term was calculated based on the simplified method, which uses the midpoint between the vesting date and the contractual term, as the Company does not have sufficient historical data to develop an estimate based on participant behavior. The risk-free interest rate was based on the U.S. treasury bond yield with an equivalent term. The Company has not paid dividends and has no foreseeable plans to pay dividends. 
 
 Foreign currency 

Income taxes 
 
 112 

Table of Contents 

Net loss per share 
 Recently adopted accounting pronouncements 
 
 113 

Table of Contents 

 million included under Other Assets and a corresponding operating lease liabilities of million included in Other Liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet. The difference of million between the operating lease ROU assets and operating lease liabilities represents reclassification of deferred rent liability (the difference between the straight-line rent expenses and paid rent amounts under the leases) to operating lease ROU assets from other liabilities at the adoption date. The adoption of the standard did not have a material impact on the Company s consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, or consolidated statements of cash flows. The adoption impact relates to the Company s existing operating leases for office spaces in the US, Netherlands and Israel. 
 
 The Company has elected to apply the package of practical expedients requiring no reassessment of whether any expired or existing contracts are or contain leases, the lease classification of any expired or existing leases, or the capitalization of initial direct costs for any existing leases. Additionally, the Company elected the practical expedients that permit the exclusions of leases considered to be short-term. 
 
 Current Expected Credit Losses 
 
 In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13, Financial Instruments - Credit Losse s (Topic 326): M easurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments ASU 2016-13 ). ASU 2016-13 introduced a current expected credit loss (CECL) model for measuring expected credit losses for certain types of financial instruments held at the reporting date requiring significant judgment in application based on historical experience, current conditions and reasonable supportable forecasts, but is not prescriptive about certain aspects of estimating expected losses. The guidance replaced the current incurred loss model for measuring expected credit losses and provided for additional disclosure requirements. Subsequently, the FASB issued additional ASUs on Topic 326 that did not change the core principle of the guidance in ASU 2016-13, but provided clarification and implementation guidance on certain aspects of ASU 2016-13, and have the same effective date and transition requirements as ASU 2016-13. The Company adopted the guidance using a modified retrospective approach as of January 1, 2021 which 
 resulted in no cumulative-effect adjustment to retained earnings. 
 
 The updated guidance in ASU 2016-13 also amended the previous other-than-temporary impairment OTTI model for available-for-sale fixed income securities by requiring the recognition of impairments relating to credit losses through an allowance account and limits the amount of credit loss to the difference between a security s amortized cost basis and its fair value. In addition, the length of time a security has been in an unrealized loss position will no longer impact the determination of whether a credit loss exists. The Company adopted the guidance related to available-for-sale fixed income securities on January 1, 2021 using a prospective transition approach for available-for-sale fixed income securities that were purchased with credit deterioration or had recognized an OTTI write-down prior to the effective date. The effect of the prospective transition approach was to maintain the same amortized cost basis before and after the effective date. 
 
 114 

Table of Contents 

 5. 
 of Metromile's equity through an all-stock transaction based upon the exchange ratio of shares of Lemonade for each outstanding share of Metromile. As a result of the acquisition, Metromile stockholders received shares of Lemonade's common stock, with minimal cash paid in lieu of fractional shares. In addition, upon closing of the Metromile Acquisition, the Company assumed all outstanding and unexercised options, and outstanding restricted stock units (collectively referred to as "replacement awards") as of the Acquisition Date, which were converted into corresponding awards using the same exchange ratio of and with substantially identical terms and conditions prior to the close of the Metromile Acquisition. 
 
 Contingent consideration (2) 
 Metromile vested awards exchanged for Lemonade awards (3) 
 Total Purchase Consideration 
 
 (1) The fair value of shares issued and exchanged for Lemonade common stock was determined based on the closing price at acquisition date of , and includes a minimal amount of cash paid in lieu of fractional shares. 
 (2) Contingent consideration represents Metromile's contingently issuable shares that are convertible into Lemonade common stock in accordance with the exchange ratio as set forth in the merger agreement. In accordance with ASC 805-30-25-5, contingent consideration shall be recognized and measured at fair value as of the Acquisition Date. Given that the contingencies are not probable of being met within the contingency period, no fair value was assessed for these Metromile shares. 
 (3) Fair value of replacement awards related to services rendered prior to the acquisition are included as part of purchase consideration. The unvested portion of fair value attributable to these replacement awards of million comprised of million for assumed options and million for assumed restricted stock units ("RSUs"), and associated with future service will be recognized as expense over the future service period. 
 This Metromile Acquisition increased the Company's geographic footprint as a tech-enabled insurance provider and is expected to accelerate growth of the Lemonade car product, including other product offerings. 
 The Metromile Acquisition was accounted for as a business combination using the acquisition method of accounting in accordance with ASC 805, Business Combinations ASC 805 ). The purchase price was allocated to assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on the estimated fair values at the Acquisition Date. The excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the net assets acquired was allocated to goodwill, and will not be deductible for tax purposes. Goodwill from this business combination is primarily attributable to synergies from future expected economic benefits, enhanced revenue growth from expanded capabilities and geographic presence, including cost savings from streamlined operations and enhanced operational efficiencies. 
 
 115 

Table of Contents 

 Short-term investments Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash Premiums receivable Reinsurance recoverable Property and equipment VOBA Intangible assets - technology Intangible assets - insurance licenses Other assets Total assets acquired Liabilities assumed Unpaid loss and loss adjustment expenses Unearned premium Trade payables Ceded premium payable Other liabilities and accrued expenses Total liabilities assumed Total identifiable net assets acquired Total purchase consideration Goodwill 
 
 Estimated fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed from Metromile are subject to change as we obtain additional information, and will be updated and finalized within the measurement period that will not extend beyond 12 months from the Acquisition Date. 
 to years 
 Insurance licenses N/A Total 
 
 The results of operations for Metromile of million of revenue and million of net loss from the date of the acquisition to the year ended December 31, 2022, have been included within the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 
 
 116 

Table of Contents 

 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. These expenses were included in General and administrative expenses within the Company s consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 The following unaudited supplemental pro forma combined financial information presents the Company s results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 as if the Metromile Acquisition had occurred on January 1, 2021. The pro forma financial information is presented for comparative purposes only and is not necessarily indicative of the Company s operating results that may have actually occurred had the Metromile Acquisition been completed on January 1, 2021. In addition, the unaudited pro forma financial information does not give effect to any anticipated cost savings, operating efficiencies or other synergies that may be associated with the acquisition, or any estimated costs that have been or will be incurred by the Company to integrate the assets and operations of Metromile. 
 
 Net loss ) ) 
 
 The unaudited pro forma financial information reflects pro forma adjustments to present the combined pro forma results of operations as if the acquisition had occurred on January 1, 2021 to give effect to certain events the Company believes to be directly attributable to the acquisition. These pro forma adjustments primarily include: 
 
 a net decrease in amortization expense of million that would have been recognized due to acquired intangible assets; 
 an increase of million for acquisition-related transaction costs; 
 a decrease in operating revenues of million due to the elimination of deferred revenues and assigned no value at the Acquisition Date; 
 a decrease to amortization expense of million due to the elimination of unamortized deferred acquisition costs; 
 an increase to income of million due to the adjustment of the loss and loss adjustment expense reserves at fair value; and 
 an increase in income of million due to the depreciation of ROU assets and lease expense upon adoption of ASC 842. 
 117 

Table of Contents 

 6. 
 ) U.S. Government obligations ) Asset-backed securities Municipal securities Total ) December 31, 2021 Corporate debt securities ) U.S. Government obligations ) Asset-backed securities Municipal securities ) 
 Gross unrealized losses for investments in fixed maturities was million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Gross unrealized gains and losses were recorded as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income. 
 Contractual maturities of bonds 
 Due after one year through five years Due after five years through ten years Due after ten years Total 
 
 118 

Table of Contents 

 ) ) ) U.S. Government obligations ) ) ) Asset-backed securities Municipal securities Total ) ) ) December 31, 2021 Corporate debt securities ) ) U.S. Government obligations ) ) Asset-backed securities Municipal securities Total ) ) 
 Gross unrealized losses for investments in fixed maturities for twelve months or more was million and less than 0.1 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 As of December 31, 2022, of the securities held were in an unrealized loss position . The Company determined that unrealized losses on investment in fixed maturities were primarily due to the interest rate environment, and not credit risk related to the issuers of these securities. The Company does not intend to sell these investments in fixed maturities, and it is not more likely than not that that the Company will be required to sell these investments in fixed maturities before the recovery of the amortized cost basis. allowance for credit losses related to any of these securities was recorded for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 119 

Table of Contents 

 million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which are included in fixed maturities available-for-sale on the consolidated balance sheets, were deposited with various state insurance departments, as required, to comply with state insurance laws. 
 Delaware Washington Colorado Virginia New Mexico North Carolina New Jersey Nevada Arkansas Florida Massachusetts Kansas Kentucky Total 
 Net investment income 
 Fixed maturities Short-term investments Total Investment expense Net investment income 
 Investment gains and losses 
 The Company had pre-tax realized capital losses of million for the year ended December 31, 2022. There were pre-tax realized capital gains and losses for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. 
 120 

Table of Contents 

 7. 
 U.S. Government obligations Asset-backed securities Municipal securities Fixed maturities Short term investments Total Financial Liabilities: Warrant liability 
 December 31, 2021 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Financial Assets: Corporate debt securities U.S. Government obligations Asset-backed securities Municipal securities Fixed maturities Short term investments Total Financial Liabilities: Warrant liability 
 The fair value of all our different classes of Level 2 fixed maturities and short-term investments are estimated by using quoted prices from a third-party valuation service provider to gather, analyze and interpret market information and derive fair values based upon relevant methodologies and assumptions for individual instruments. 
 There were no transfers between Level 1, Level 2, or Level 3 during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Warrant liability 
 As part of the Metromile Acquisition as discussed in Note 5, public and private warrants were assumed and are measured at fair value on a recurring basis at the end of the reporting period, and classified as level 3 for fair value hierarchy disclosure purposes. These warrants do not meet the criteria for equity treatment and are recorded as a liability and presented under Other Liabilities and Accrued Expenses on the consolidated balance sheet at fair value, with changes in fair value recognized and presented under General and Administrative expenses in the consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive loss. 
 
 121 

Table of Contents 

 Risk-free interest rate Volatility Expected dividend yield 
 
 Initial measurement of warrants liability as of July 31, 2022 Change in fair value ) Balance as of December 31 
 
 8. 
 of the premium to reinsurers ("Proportional Reinsurance Contracts"). In exchange, these reinsurers pay a ceding commission of for every dollar ceded, in addition to funding all of the corresponding claims, or of all claims. The Company opted to manage the remaining of the business with alternative forms of reinsurance through non-proportional reinsurance contracts ("Non-Proportional Reinsurance Contracts"). 
 A portion of the Company s proportional reinsurance program expired on June 30, 2021 and on June 30, 2022. As the business continues to grow and diversify, and with stability in our insurance results, the Company decreased the overall share of proportional reinsurance from of premium to effective July 1, 2022. In addition, the Company purchased a new reinsurance program to protect against catastrophe risk in the U.S that exceed million in losses effective July 1, 2022. Other non-proportional reinsurance contracts were renewed with terms similar to the expiring contracts. 
 The Company also had a multi-year Aggregate Excess of Loss Reinsurance Contract which expired on June 30, 2020, which covered against both catastrophe and non-catastrophe events, and provided excess of loss reinsurance on a per cohort basis excess of a cohort s Loss Ratio subject to an aggregate (i.e., a portfolio level) deductible of of earned premium. A cohort as it relates to this reinsurance contract is a notional grouping of policyholders on the books of the Company. After a policy is bound, the new policyholder is asked to designate to which non-profit group he/she would prefer any charitable donation that the Company may make be contributed. All policyholders identifying the same non-profit group constitute one cohort. 
 Metromile entered into a Quota Share reinsurance agreement effective January 1, 2022 through June 30, 2023. Under the terms of the agreement, the Company cedes of premiums and losses to reinsurers. 
 
 122 

Table of Contents 

 Ceded unpaid loss and LAE Total reinsurance recoverable 
 
 To reduce credit exposure to reinsurance recoverable balances, the Company obtains letters of credit from certain reinsurers that are not authorized as reinsurers under U.S. state insurance regulations. In addition, under the terms of its reinsurance contracts, the Company may retain funds due to reinsurers as security for those recoverable balances. 
 
 A+ Swiss Reinsurance America Corporation A MAPFRE Re, Compania De Reaseguros S.A. NR Lloyd's Underwriter Syndicate No. 1084 CSL NR Lloyd's Underwriter Syndicate no. 2791 MAP NR Lloyd's Underwriter Syndicate no. 2001 AML A Lloyd's Underwriter Syndicate no. 0033 HIS A+ Munich Reinsurance America Inc A Lloyd's Underwriter Syndicate no. 2357 NCL A++ General Reinsurance Corporation Other reinsurers 
 123 

Table of Contents 

 Assumed Ceded ) ) ) Net premium written Premium earned: Direct Assumed Ceded ) ) ) Net premium earned Loss and LAE incurred: Direct Assumed Ceded ) ) ) Net loss and LAE incurred 
 
 9. 
 
 Add: Premium taxes and other acquisition costs Direct commissions Less: Amortization of net deferred acquisition costs ) ) Balance, December 31 Other Insurance Expense: Amortization of net deferred acquisition costs Period costs Total other insurance expense 
 124 

Table of Contents 

 10. 
 Leasehold improvements Furniture and equipment Accumulated depreciation ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 Depreciation expense was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and included in general and administrative expenses on the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 
 The Company capitalized costs related to the development of internal-use software of million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Capitalized amounts are include d as a component of property and equipment under computer equipment and software. 
 
 11. 
 Trademark Indefinite Technology VOBA 
 Intangible assets noted in the above table were acquired as part of the Metromile acquisition except for a trademark associated with the Company s name which was acquired in 2019. The Company intends to maintain the trademark and renewals will take place as needed. 
 
 Amortization expense amounted to million for the year ended December 31, 2022, and there was amortization expense for the year ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Amortization expense is included in General and Administrative Expense in the consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive loss. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter 
 125 

Table of Contents 

 12. 
 Ceding commission receivable Prepaid expenses Income tax receivable Investment income due and accrued Other Total other assets 
 
 13. 
 Less: Reinsurance recoverable (1) 
 Net unpaid loss and LAE as of January 1 Add: Incurred losses and LAE, net of reinsurance, related to: Current year Prior years ) ) Total incurred Deduct: Paid losses and LAE, net of reinsurance, related to: Current year Prior years Total paid Unpaid loss and LAE, net of reinsurance recoverable acquired from Metromile Unpaid loss and LAE, net of reinsurance recoverable, as of December 31 Reinsurance recoverable as of December 31 (1) 
 Unpaid loss and LAE, gross of reinsurance recoverable, as of December 31 
 ____________ 
 (1) Reinsurance recoverable in this table includes only ceded unpaid loss and LAE 
 Unpaid loss and LAE includes anticipated salvage and subrogation recoverable. 
 
 Considerable variability is inherent in the estimate of the reserve for losses and LAE. Although management believes the liability recorded for losses and LAE is adequate, the variability inherent in this estimate could result in changes to the ultimate liability, which may be material to stockholders' equity. Additional variability exists due to accident year allocations of ceded amounts in accordance with reinsurance agreements, which is not expected to result in any changes to the ultimate liability. The Company had favorable development on net loss and LAE reserves of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. No additional premium or returned premium have been accrued as a result of prior year effects. 
 126 

Table of Contents 

 million of net incurred loss and LAE from Hurricane Ian and million from winter storm Elliott. The net incurred loss and LAE from Hurricane Ian and winter storm Elliott as of December 31, 2022 represents the Company s best estimates based upon information currently available. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, current accident year incurred loss and LAE included million of net incurred loss and LAE from the severe winter storm Uri that affected our customers in Texas and Oklahoma, and million relating to wildfires in Colorado. The net incurred loss and LAE from Uri and from the wildfires as of December 31, 2022 represents the Company's best estimates based upon information currently available. 
 
 The Company compiles and aggregates its claims data by grouping the claims according to the year in which the claim occurred (Accident Year) when analyzing claim payment and emergence patterns and trends over time. For the purpose of defining claims frequency, the number of reported claims is by loss occurrence and includes claims that do not result in a liability or payment associated with these claims. 
 The following is information about incurred and paid loss development as of December 31, 2022, net of reinsurance, as well as cumulative claim frequency and the total of IBNR liabilities included within the net incurred loss amounts. The Company separates home and renters claim experience from its pet claim experience when analyzing incurred and paid loss and allocated loss adjustment expenses, as there are distinct differences in the development and claim count emergence patterns. The information about incurred and paid claims development for the years ended prior to December 31, 2022, is presented as unaudited supplementary information. 
 
 Home and Renters Incurred loss and allocated loss adjustment expense ("ALAE"), net of re insurance 
 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Total incurred losses and ALAE, net 
 Amounts in accident year 2016 for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019, 2020, 2021 and 2022 were less than million, respectively. IBNR, net of reinsurance as of December 31, 2022 for accident years 2016, 2017, 2018, and 2019 was less than million. 
 127 

Table of Contents 

 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Total paid losses and ALAE, net Total unpaid loss and ALAE reserves, net Ceded unpaid loss and LAE Gross unpaid loss and LAE 
 Cumulative paid loss and ALAE, net of reinsurance related to accident year 2016 was less than million during the years ended December 31, 2016, 2017, 2018 , 2019, 2020, 2021, and 2022, respectively. 

Pet Incurred loss and allocated loss adjustment expense, net of re insurance 
 2021 2022 Total incurred losses and ALAE, net 
 
 128 

Table of Contents 

 2021 2022 Total paid losses and ALAE, net Total unpaid loss and ALAE reserves, net Ceded unpaid loss and LAE Gross unpaid loss and LAE 

Car Incurred loss and allocated loss adjustment expense ("ALAE"), net of re insurance (1) 
 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Total incurred losses and ALAE, net 
 (1) Table above retrospectively includes Metromile's historical incurred accident year claim information for periods presented. 

129 

Table of Contents 

 2017 2018 2019 2020 ) 2021 2022 Total paid losses and ALAE, net Total unpaid loss and ALAE reserves, net (2) 
 Ceded unpaid loss and LAE Gross unpaid loss and LAE 
 (1) Table above retrospectively includes Metromile's historical paid accident year claim information for periods presented. 
 (2) Includes the fair value adjustment on insurance contract intangible liability of million. 

Pet Car Reinsurance recoverable on Unpaid Loss and ALAE, net Home and renters Pet Car Unallocated LAE Gross Unpaid Loss and Loss Adjustment Expenses 
 130 

Table of Contents 

 14. 
 Employee compensation payable Uncertain tax position Accrued advertising costs Premium taxes payable Accrued professional fees Advance premium Accrued hosting and software Income taxes payable Warrant liability Other payables Total 
 
 15. 
 shares of its common stock at a public offering price of per share, including shares sold upon the exercise of the underwriter's option to purchase additional shares. After underwriter discounts and commissions and other offering costs, net proceeds from the IPO were approximately million. Offering cost of approximately million were recognized as a component of general and administrative expense for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 
 In connection with the IPO, the Company's outstanding convertible preferred stock were converted into shares of common stock. Upon conversion of the convertible preferred stock, the Company reclassified the carrying value of the preferred stock to common stock and additional paid in capital. 
 
 Upon closing of the IPO, the Company filed an amended and restated certificate of incorporation on July 7, 2020 with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware to authorize the issuance of up to shares of common stock, par value per share, and shares of undesignated preferred stock, par value per share. 
 
 On January 14, 2021, the Company completed a Follow-on Offering of common stock (the "Follow-on Offering"), which resulted in the issuance and sale of shares of common stock of the Company, and shares of common stock by certain selling shareholders, and generated net proceeds to us of million after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and other offering costs. On February 1, 2021, the underwriters exercised their option to purchase additional shares, which resulted in the issuance and sale of an additional shares of common stock of the Company, and generated additional net proceeds of million to us after deducting underwriting discounts . 
 
 On July 28, 2022, the Company completed its acquisition of Metromile in which shares of Lemonade s common stock were issued to Metromile stockholders as discussed in Note 5. 
 
 131 

Table of Contents 

 shares with par value of per share common stock. The voting, dividend and liquidation rights of the holders of the Company's common stock is subject to and qualified by the rights, powers and preferences of the holders of the preferred stock as set forth above. 
 Common stock confers upon its holders the following rights: 
 (i.) The right to participate and vote in the Company's general meetings, whether regular or extraordinary. Each share will entitle its holder, when attending and participating in the voting in person or via agent or letter, to one vote; 
 (ii.) The right to a share in the distribution of dividends, whether in cash or in the form of bonus stock, the distribution of assets or any other distribution pro rata to the par value of the stock held by them; 
 (iii.) The right to a share in the distribution of the Company's excess assets upon liquidation pro rata to the par value of the stock held by them. 
 
 On February 18, 2020, the Company made a contribution of newly issued shares of common stock to a related party, the Lemonade Foundation (see Note 19). In connection with the Follow-on Offering noted above, Lemonade Foundation sold of the contributed shares of the Company. 
 
 Undesignated Preferred Stock 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company's certificate of incorporation, as amended and restated, authorized the Company to issue up to shares of undesignated preferred stock, par value per share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were shares of undesignated preferred stock issued or outstanding. 
 
 Warrants 
 On October 14, 2022, the Company entered into an omnibus agreement (the Omnibus Agreement and a warrant agreement (the Warrant Agreement and, together with the Omnibus Agreement, the Agreements with Chewy Insurance Services, LLC (the Warrantholder in connection with the execution of an agency agreement on the same date between the Company, Lemonade Insurance Agency, LLC, Lemonade Insurance Company and the Warrantholder. In connection with the Agreements, the Company issued to the Warrantholder a warrant to purchase up to shares of the Company s common stock with an exercise price of per share, which will vest in installments on a yearly basis for a period of five years, subject to certain performance requirements. Vesting events and thresholds as specified in the Warrant Agreement. 
 132 

Table of Contents 

 16. 
 shares, inclusive of available shares previously reserved for issuance under the 2015 Incentive Share Option Plan, as amended and restated on September 4, 2019 (the 2015 Plan ). In addition, the number of shares reserved for issuance under the 2020 Plan is subject to increase for awards previously issued under the 2015 Plan which are forfeited or lapse unexercised. Annually, on the first day of each calendar year beginning on January 1, 2021 and ending on and including January 1, 2030, the reserve will be increased by an amount equal to the lesser of (A) of the shares outstanding (on an as-converted basis) on the last day of the immediately preceding fiscal year and (B) such smaller number of shares as determined by the Company s board of directors, provided that no more than shares may be issued upon the exercise of incentive stock options. As of December 31, 2022, there we re shares of common stock available for future grants. 
 
 2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 
 On July 2, 2020, the Company's board of directors adopted and the Company's stockholders approved the 2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the "2020 ESPP"), which became effective immediately prior to the effectiveness of the registration statement for the Company's IPO on July 2, 2020. The total shares of common stock initially reserved for issuance under the 2020 ESPP is limited to shares. In addition, the number of shares available for issuance under the 2020 ESPP will be annually increased on January 1 of each calendar year beginning in 2021 and ending in and including 2030, by an amount equal to the lesser of (A) Shares, (B) of the shares outstanding on the final day of the immediately preceding calendar year and (C) such smaller number of shares as is determined by the board of directors. The board of directors or a committee of the board of directors will administer and will have authority to interpret the terms of the 2020 ESPP and determine eligibility of participants. There were shares issued under the 2020 ESPP as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 2015 Incentive Share Option Plan 
 
 In July 2015, the Company adopted the 2015 Incentive Share Option Plan 2015 Plan ). The 2015 Plan has been amended and restated from time to time to increase the number of shares reserved for grant and to enable the grant of options to employees of the Company's subsidiaries. Under the 2015 Plan, options to purchase common stock of the Company may be granted to employees, officers, directors and consultants of the Company. Each option granted can be exercised for one share of common stock of the Company. Options granted to employees generally vest over a period of no more than . The options expire from the date of grant. 
 Pursuant to the 2015 Plan, the Company had reserved shares of common stock for issuance. Effective immediately upon the approval of the 2020 Plan, the remaining shares of common stock available for future grant under the 2015 Plan were transferred to the 2020 Plan. As of December 31, 2022, there were shares of common stock available for future grant under the 2015 Plan. Subsequent to the approval of the 2020 Plan, no additional grants were made under the 2015 Plan and any outstanding awards under the 2015 Plan will continue with their original terms. 
 
 133 

Table of Contents 

 were granted from the respective Assumed Plans and will be settled in the Company s common stock (see Note 5). The remaining unallocated shares reserved under both the 2011 and 2021 Plan were cancelled and no new awards will be granted under these Assumed Plans. 
 
 Options granted to employees and non-employees 
 Risk-free interest rate Volatility Expected dividend yield 
 Expected volatility is based on companies at a comparable stage, as well as companies in the same or a similar industry. The expected term of options granted is based on the simplified method, which uses the midpoint between the vesting date and the contractual term in accordance with ASC 718, "Compensation Stock Compensation". The risk-free interest rate is based on observed interest rates appropriate for the term of the Company's stock options. The dividend yield assumption is based on the Company's historical and expected future dividend payouts and may be subject to substantial change in the future. 
 Granted (1) 
 Exercised ) Canceled ) Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 Options exercisable as of December 31, 2022 Options unvested as of December 31, 2022 
 (1) includes assumed options of from Metromile Acquisition (See Note 5) 
 On July 28, 2021, the Board of Directors of the Company approved the reduction in exercise price of certain options granted to employees in the beginning of 2021, with original exercise price ranging from to and were each repriced at an exercise price of per share. Incremental compensation expense resulting from the repricing was million, and compensation expense amounted to million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. There were no changes in the vesting schedule or maturity term of the options. 
 
 134 

Table of Contents 

 Granted (1) 
 Vested ) Canceled ) Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 
 (1) includes assumed restricted stock units of from the Metromile Acquisition (See Note 5) 
 Stock-based compensation expense 
 Other insurance expense Sales and marketing Technology development General and administrative Total stock-based compensation expense 
 Stock-based compensation expense classified by award type as included in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss is as follows in millions): 
 
 December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Stock options RSUs Total stock-based compensation expense 
 
 The total unrecognized expense granted to employees and non-employees outstanding as of December 31, 2022 was million for stock options and million for RSUs, with a remaining weighted average vesting period of years for stock options and years for RSUs . 
 
 135 

Table of Contents 

 17. 
 Deferred ceding commission Lease liabilities Unrealized loss on investments Net unearned premium Stock-based compensation Charitable contribution Startup costs Other Total gross deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Right-of-use assets ) ) Depreciation and amortization ) ) Deferred acquisition costs ) ) Other ) Total gross deferred tax liabilities ) ) Valuation allowance ) ) Total deferred tax assets, net 
 Income tax expense) ) ) Foreign ) Total ) ) ) 
 136 

Table of Contents 

 State Foreign Total current Deferred: Federal State Foreign Total deferred Total income tax expense 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 respectively, million and , if recognized, would decrease the effective tax rate. The 2022 increase of million relates to the implementation of the transfer pricing methodology. 
 
 The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits on the income tax expense line in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, the Company did accrue and recognize interest expense related to uncertain tax positions. 
 
 Increase (decrease) on tax positions for prior years Increase (decrease) on tax positions for current year Settlements with taxing authorities Reduction due to lapse of the applicable statute of limitations Balance at December 31, 2022 
 
 The provision for federal and foreign income taxes incurred is different from that which would be obtained by applying the statutory federal income tax rate to income before income taxes. 

137 

Table of Contents 

 State taxes, net of federal benefit ) Permanent differences ) ) ) Return to provision ) Foreign rate differential Valuation allowance ) ) ) Uncertain tax position ) Other ) ) ) Total income taxes ) ) ) 
 Tax reform in the U.S. 
 The Company selected to apply the "period cost method" to account for the Global Intangible Low-Taxed Income, and treated it as a current-period expense for December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 and had a gross inclusion o f , million and million respective ly, in its taxable income. 
 Net operating loss carryforward 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company has federal losses for tax purposes of million, which can be offset against future taxable income. Of this federal loss carryforward, million in losses will begin to expire in 2035 and million in losses can be carried forward indefinitely. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has state and local losses for tax purposes of million which will begin to expire in 2030. 
 The Company's income tax returns for 2019 through 2021 remain subject to examination by the U.S. 
 tax authorities. 
 
 Inflation Reduction Act 
 
 On August 16, 2022, the President of the United States signed into law the Inflation Reduction Act ACT ), which included a new corporate alternative minimum tax CAMT ). The ACT and CAMT is effective for tax years beginning after 2022. Based upon the projected adjusted financial statement income for 2023, the reporting entity (or the controlled group for which the reporting entity is a member) has determined that average adjusted financial statement is below the threshold for the 2023 tax year such that it does not expect to be required to perform the CAMT calculations nor be liable for any CAMT. 
 
 18.) Denominator: Weighted average common shares outstanding basic and diluted Net loss per share attributable to common stockholders basic and diluted 
 
 138 

Table of Contents 

Unvested restricted stock Warrants for common stock (1) 
 
 (1) Each outstanding warrant of Metromile assumed by the Company are converted automatically into warrants denominated in the Company s common stock with the number of warrants and exercise price adjusted based on the exchange ratio of 
 
 19. 
 million, million and million r espectively, in connection with these services. 
 The Company has historically leased office space in the United States and the Netherlands from an affiliate. Rental expense recorded for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 in connection with this leased space was approximately million, million and million, respectively. T here were outstanding amounts due to or from related parties as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 The Company s Co-Chief Executive Officers, both of whom are also members of the Company s board of directors, are the sole members of the board of directors of the Lemonade Foundation. The Company contributed shares of common stock with a fair market value of per share (see Note 15), and recorded million of non-cash expense within general and administrative expense for the year ended December 31, 2020. There were outstanding amounts due to or from the Lemonade Foundation as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 20. 
 139 

Table of Contents 

 million as of December 31, 2022 and million as of December 31, 2020 with respect to certain office leases. There were guarantees as of December 31, 2021. 
 
 21. 
 lease agreements for an office space in San Francisco, California that expires in 2030 and an office space in Tempe, Arizona that expires in 2024. 
 
 Short term lease expense Variable lease cost 
 
 Operating lease expense is included within continuing operations in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 
 
 ROU assets obtained in exchange for lease liabilities for operating leases 
 
 Weighted-average discount rate 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 140 

Table of Contents 

 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. 

22. 
 million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. LIC s capital and surplus exceeded its authorized control level RBC of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 MIC s statutory capital and surplus amounted to million as of December 31, 2022. MIC s capital and surplus exceeded its authorized control level RBC of million as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Statutory Dividend Restriction 
 The payment of dividends by LIC is restricted by state insurance regulations. Under New York insurance law, LIC may pay cash dividends only out of its statutory earned surplus. Generally, the maximum amount of dividends that LIC may pay without regulatory approval in any twelve-month period is the lesser of adjusted net investment income or 10 of statutory policyholders' surplus as of the end of the most recently reported quarter unless the NYS Department of Financial Services, upon prior application, approves a greater dividend distribution. Adjusted net investment income is defined for this purpose to include net investment income for the thirty-six months immediately preceding the declaration or distribution of the current dividend less any dividends declared or distributed during the period commencing thirty-six months prior to the declaration or distribution of the current dividend and ending twelve months prior thereto. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, LIC was not eligible to make dividend payments. 
 The payment of dividends by MIC is restricted by the laws of the State of Delaware. The maximum amount that can be paid without prior notice or approval is the greater of 10 of surplus as regards policyholders as of the preceding December 31, or net income not including realized capital gains for the twelve-month period ending the preceding December 31. Because the Company has an unassigned deficit at December 31, 2022 and 2021, MIC s dividend policy is governed by Section 5005(B) of the Delaware insurance code whereby a domestic insurer may not declare or pay a dividend or other distribution from any source other than earned surplus without the commissioner s prior approval. MIC paid no dividends to the Company in 2022 and 2021. 
 141 

Table of Contents 

 23. 
 Texas New York New Jersey Illinois Georgia Washington Colorado Pennsylvania Virginia All others 
 
 24. 
 
 shares, equal to of the aggregate number of outstanding common stock as of December 31, 2022. There was no increase in the 2020 ESPP share pool as of January 1, 2023 (Refer to Note 16). 
 142 

Table of Contents 

 Schedule V 
 LEMONADE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Allowance for premium receivables Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 Valuation allowance for deferred tax assets Allowance for premium receivables ) 
 143 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 
 Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls and Procedures 
 
 In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In addition, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and that management is required to apply judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs. 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 Our management, with the participation of our co-principal executive officers and principal financial officer, evaluated, as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report, the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act). Based on that evaluation, our co-principal executive officers and principal financial officer concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 Other than as described below, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f) under the Exchange Act) for the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Internal Control over Financial Reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, a company s principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, and effected by the company s board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. It includes those policies and procedures that: 
 
 pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; 
 provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and 
 provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 The Company completed the Metromile Acquisition on July 28, 2022, and management excluded Metromile from its evaluation of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. Metromile represented approximately 10 and 2 of the Company s consolidated total assets and net assets, respectively, as of December 31, 2022, and approximately 14 and 12 of the Company s consolidated total revenue and net loss, respectively for the year ended December 31, 2022. In accordance with guidance issued 
 144 

Table of Contents 

 by the SEC, companies are allowed to exclude acquisitions from their assessment of internal control over financial reporting during the first year subsequent to the acquisition while integrating the acquired operations. 
 
 Our management, including our co-principal executive officers and principal financial officer conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria set forth in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, management concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting was effective. 
 
 The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, has been audited by Ernst Young LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm. See Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm elsewhere in this Annual Report. 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 
 None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 Not Applicable. 
 145 

Table of Contents 

PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 Code of Ethics 
 Our board of directors has adopted a written Code of Business Conduct and Ethics applicable to all officers, directors and employees, including our co-principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions. We have posted a current copy of our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics on our website at www.lemonade.com in the Investors Relations section under Governance. We intend to satisfy the disclosure requirement under Item 5.05 of Form 8-K regarding amendment to, or waiver from, a provision of our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, as well as NYSE s requirement to disclose waivers with respect to directors and executive officers, by posting such information on our website at the address and location specified above. The information contained on our website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report. 
 Executive Officers and Directors 
 
 The information concerning our executive officers and directors required by this Item 10 is contained under the caption Information about our Executive Officers and Directors at the end of Part I of this Annual Report. The remainder of the response to this Item 10 will be included in our definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders under the headings Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports (if applicable) and Committees of the Board and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 The information required by this Item 11 will be included in our definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders under the headings Executive and Director Compensation and Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation (if applicable) and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 
 Plan Category Number of Securities to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, RSUs, Warrants, and Rights Weighted-Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options, RSUs, Warrants, and Rights Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans (4) Equity compensation plans approved by security holders (1) 11,411,900 39.43 3,214,826 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders Total 11,411,900 39.43 3,214,826 
 (1) Consists of Lemonade, Inc. s 2020 Plan, 2020 ESPP, the 2011 Plan and the 2021 Plan. 
 (2) Includes 3,420,165 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of stock options under the 2020 Plan, inclusive of available shares previously reserved for issuance under the 2015 Plan. Includes 72,410 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of stock options under the 2011 Plan. Includes 331,797 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of stock options under the 2021 Plan. 
 (3) As of December 31, 2022, the weighted average exercise price of outstanding options under the 2020 Plan, the 2011 Plan and 2021 Plan, inclusive of available shares previously reserved for issuance under the 2015 Plan, was 39.43. 
 
 146 

Table of Contents 

 (4) Includes 3,214,826 shares available for future issuance under the 2020 Plan. The 2020 Plan provides for an annual increase on the first day of each calendar year beginning January 1, 2021 and ending on and including January 1, 2030, equal to the lesser of (A) 5 of the aggregate number of shares of common stock outstanding on the final day of the immediately preceding calendar year and (B) such smaller number of shares as is determined by the board of directors, provided that no more than 3,650,000 shares be available for issuance pursuant to the exercise of incentive stock options. On January 1, 2023, the 2020 Plan was increased by 3,463,751 shares, equal to 5 of the aggregate number of outstanding common stock as of December 31, 2022. On January 1, 2023, the Board took action such that no shares were added to the 2020 ESPP. The number of shares available for issuance under the 2020 ESPP will be annually increased on January 1 of each calendar year beginning in 2021 and ending in and including 2030, by an amount equal to the lesser of (A) 1,000,000 Shares, (B) 1 of the shares outstanding on the final day of the immediately preceding calendar year and (C) such smaller number of shares as is determined by the board of directors. 
 The remaining information required by this Item 12 will be included in our definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders under the heading Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions 
 The information required by this Item 13 will be included in our definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders under the headings Corporate Governance and Certain Relationships and Related Person Transactions and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 The information required by this Item 14 will be included in our definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders under the heading Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Fees and Other Matters and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 147 

Table of Contents 

PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 (a)(1) Financial Statements. 
 
 The financial statements required by this item are listed in Part II, Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data herein. 
 
 (a)(2) Financial Statement Schedules. 
 
 Other than Schedule V included in Part II, Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplemental Data , all financial statement schedules have been omitted because they are not applicable, not required or the information required is shown in the financial statements or the notes thereto. 
 
 (a)(3) Exhibits. 
 
 The following is a list of exhibits filed as part of this Annual Report. 

148 

Table of Contents 

 INDEX TO EXHIBITS 
 Exhibit No. 
 Exhibit Description 
 Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 2.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of November 8, 2021, by and among Lemonade, Inc., Metromile, Inc., Citrus Merger Sub A, Inc. a wholly-owned subsidiary of Lemonade, Inc. and Citrus Merger Sub B, LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Lemonade, Inc. 
 S-4 333-261629 2.3 12/14/2021 3.1 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Lemonade, Inc. 
 8-K 001-39367 3.1 7/10/2020 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Lemonade, Inc. 
 8-K 001-39367 3.2 7/10/2020 4.1 Specimen Common Stock Certificate of Lemonade, Inc. 
 S-1/A 333-239007 4.1 6/23/2020 4.2 
 Amended and Restated Investors' Rights Agreement by and between Lemonade, Inc. and certain security holders of Lemonade, Inc., dated October 14, 2022. 
 4.3 Description of Securities 
 10-K 001-39367 4.3 3/8/2021 4.4 Warrant Agreement to Purchase Commons Stock, dated as of October 14, 2022 by and among Lemonade and Chewy Insurance Services LLC. 
 8-K 001-39367 10.2 10/20/2022 4.5 Warrant Agreement, dated September 2, 2020, between INSU Acquisitions Corp II and Continental Stock Transfer and Trust Company, as warrant agent 
 8-K 001-39484 4.1 9/9/2020 4.6 Amendment No. 1 to Warrant Agreement, dated June 17, 2022 between Metromile, Inc., Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, an American Stock Transfer Trust Company, as successor warrant agent 
 10-Q 001-39367 4.4 11/9/2022 4.7 Form of Warrant Certificate of Metromile, Inc. 
 S-1 333-253-055 4.2 2/12/2021 10.1 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement between Lemonade, Inc. and each of its directors and executive officers. 
 S-1 333-239007 10.2 6/8/2020 10.2# Lemonade, Inc. 2020 Incentive Award Plan. 
 S-1/A 333-239007 10.9 6/23/2020 10.3# 
 Form of Option Agreement under the 2020 Incentive Award Plan. 
 S-1 333-252017 10.9 1/11/2021 10.4# Non-Employee Director Compensation Policy. 
 S-1/A 333-239007 10.19 6/23/2020 10.5# Lemonade, Inc. 2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan. 
 S-1/A 333-239007 10.20 6/23/2020 10.6# Severance Agreement by and between Jorge Espinel and Lemonade, Inc., dated July 7, 2020. 
 10-Q 001-39367 10.10 8/12/2020 10.7# Severance Agreement by and between Tim Bixby and Lemonade, Inc., dated July 7, 2020. 
 10-Q 001-39367 10.11 8/12/2020 10.8# Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, by and between Daniel Schreiber and Lemonade Ltd., dated July 7, 2020. 
 10-Q 001-39367 10.12 8/12/2020 10.9# Amended and Restated Employment Agreement by and between Shai Wininger and Lemonade Ltd., dated July 7, 2020. 
 10-Q 001-39367 10.13 8/12/2020 10.10# Amended and Restated Employment Agreement by and between John Peters and Lemonade, Inc., dated July 7, 2020 
 10-Q 001-39367 10.14 8/12/2020 10.11# Offer Letter, by and between Tim Bixby and Lemonade, Inc., dated May 25, 2017. 
 S-1 333-239007 10.6 6/8/2020 10.12# Offer Letter, by and between Jorge Espinel and Lemonade, Inc., dated August 26, 2018. 
 S-1 333-239007 10.7 6/8/2020 10.13# Amended and Restated 2015 Incentive Share Option Plan. 
 S-1 333-239007 10.8 6/8/2020 10.14# Form of Option Agreement under the Amended and Restated 2015 Incentive Share Option Plan (Israel). 
 S-1 333-252017 10.6 1/11/2021 10.15# Form of Option Agreement under the Amended and Restated 2015 Incentive Share Option Plan (U.S.). 
 S-1 333-252017 10.7 1/11/2021 10.16 Stock Purchase Agreement, by and between Tim Bixby and Lemonade, Inc., dated June 1, 2017. 
 S-1 333-239007 10.10 6/8/2020 10.17 Stock Purchase Agreement, by and between John Peters and Lemonade, Inc., dated March 8, 2017. 
 S-1 333-239007 10.11 6/8/2020 10.18 Stock Purchase Agreement, by and between John Peters and Lemonade, Inc., dated October 3, 2016. 
 S-1 333-239007 10.12 6/8/2020 10.19 AWS Customer Agreement, by and between Amazon Web Services, Inc. and Lemonade, Inc. 
 S-1 333-239007 10.13 6/8/2020 
 149 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit No. 
 Exhibit Description 
 Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 10.20 Whole Account Quota Share Reinsurance Contract issued to Lemonade Insurance Company and Lemonade Insurance N.V. by the Subscribing Reinsurers Tokio Marine Nichido Fire Insurance Co. Ltd. and MAPFRE Re (Spain), dated May 12, 2020. 
 S-1/A 333-239007 10.1 6/30/2020 10.21 Whole Account Quota Share Reinsurance Contract issued to Lemonade Insurance Company and Lemonade Insurance N.V. by the Subscribing Reinsurer Hannover Ruck SE, dated April 4, 2020. 
 S-1/A 333-239007 10.14 6/30/2020 10.22 Property Per Risk Excess of Loss Reinsurance Contract issued to Lemonade Insurance Company and Lemonade Insurance N.V. by the Subscribing Reinsurers. 
 10-Q 001-39367 10.1 8/09/2022 10.23 
 Automatic Facultative Property Per Risk Excess of Loss Reinsurance Contract issued to Lemonade Insurance Company by the Subscribing Reinsurer Arch Reinsurance Company, dated August 2, 2022. 
 10-Q 001-39367 10.2 8/09/2022 10.24 
 Whole Account Quota Share Reinsurance Contract issued to Lemonade Insurance Company and Lemonade Insurance N.V. by the Subscribing Reinsurers Arch Re (Bermuda), Lloyd's Underwriter Syndicate No. 1084 CSL and Swiss Re America (US), dated May 13, 2020. 
 S-1/A 333-239007 10.17 6/30/2020 10.25 
 Whole Account Quota Share Reinsurance Contract issued to Whole Account Quota Share Reinsurance Contract issued to Lemonade Insurance Company and Lemonade Insurance N.V. by the Subscribing Reinsurer AXA XL (Catlin Re Switzerland), dated February 28, 2020. 
 S-1/A 333-239007 10.18 6/30/2020 10.26 
 Severance Agreement by and between Adina Eckstein and Lemonade, Inc. dated August 5, 2021 
 10-Q 001-39367 10.1 8/11/2021 10.27 
 Form of Voting and Support Agreement 
 10-Q 001-39367 10.2 11/9/2021 10.28 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under the 2020 Incentive Award Plan (Israel) 
 10-Q 001-39367 10.2 8/11/2021 10.29 
 Amendment to the Whole Account Quota Share Reinsurance Contract issued to Lemonade Insurance Company and Lemonade Insurance N.V. by the Subscribing Reinsurer Hannover Ruck SE, dated April 4, 2020 
 10-Q 001-39367 10.3 8/11/2021 10.30 
 Amendment to the Whole Account Quota Share Reinsurance Contract issued to Lemonade Insurance Company and Lemonade Insurance N.V. by the Subscribing Reinsurer Tokio Marine Nichido Fire Insurance Co. Ltd., dated May 12, 2020. 
 10-Q 001-39367 10.4 8/11/2021 10.31 
 Amendment to the Whole Account Quota Share Reinsurance Contract issued to Lemonade Insurance Company and Lemonade Insurance N.V. by the Subscribing Reinsurer MAPFRE Re (Spain), dated May 12, 2020. 
 10-Q 001-39367 10.5 8/11/2021 10.32 
 Form of Option Agreement under the 2020 Incentive Award Plan (Israel). 
 10-Q 001-39367 10.1 5/12/2021 10.33 Omnibus Agreement, dated as of October 14, 2022, by and between Lemonade, Inc. and Chewy Insurance Services, LLC 
 8-K 001-39367 10.1 10/20/2022 10.34# Metromile, Inc. 2021 Equity Incentive Plan 
 S-8 333-266362 99.2 7/28/2022 10.35# Metromile, Inc. Amended and Restated 2011 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended 
 S-8 333-266362 99.3 7/28/2022 10.36 Automobile Quota Share Reinsurance Contract issued to Metromile Insurance Company by the Subscribing Reinsurer MAPFRE Re (Spain), dated March 23, 2023. 
 10.37 Personal Automobile Quota Share Reinsurance Contract issued to Metromile Insurance Company by Swiss Re America Corporation, dated February 24, 2023. 
 21.1 List of Subsidiaries of Lemonade, Inc. 
 23.1 Consent of Ernst Young LLP. 
 31.1 Certification of Co-Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a). 
 31.2 Certification of Co-Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a). 
 31.3 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a). 
 
 150 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit No. Exhibit Description Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 32.1 Certification of Co-Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. 
 32.2 Certification of Co-Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. 
 32.3 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 
 
 Filed herewith. 
 Furnished herewith. 
 # Indicates management contract or compensatory plan. 
 Portions of this exhibit have been redacted in compliance with Regulation S-K Item 601(b)(10)(iv). 
 
 151 

Table of Contents 

 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 
 None. 

152 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 Lemonade, Inc. 
 By: 
 /s/ Daniel Schreiber 
 Name: Daniel Schreiber Title: Co-Chief Executive Officer By: /s/ Shai Wininger Name: Shai Wininger Title: Co-Chief Executive Officer By: 
 /s/ Tim Bixby 
 Name: Tim Bixby Title: Chief Financial Officer 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (as amended), this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Signature 
 Title 
 Date 
 /s/ Daniel Schreiber 
 Co-Chief Executive Officer (Co-Principal Executive Officer) and Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 March 3, 2023 Daniel Schreiber /s/ Shai Wininger 
 Co-Chief Executive Officer (Co-Principal Executive Officer) and Director 
 March 3, 2023 Shai Wininger /s/ Tim Bixby 
 Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 
 March 3, 2023 Tim Bixby /s/ Michael Eisenberg 
 Director 
 March 3, 2023 Michael Eisenberg /s/ Silvija Martincevic 
 Director 
 March 3, 2023 Silvija Martincevic /s/ Irina Novoselsky 
 Director 
 March 3, 2023 Irina Novoselsky /s/ Mwashuma Nyatta 
 Director 
 March 3, 2023 Mwashuma Nyatta 
 153 

<EX-4.2>
 2
 lmndye22ex42-arinvestorsri.htm
 EX-4.2

Document 

Execution copy 
 
 AMENDED AND RESTATED INVESTORS RIGHTS AGREEMENT 
 
 This AMENDED AND RESTATED INVESTORS RIGHTS AGREEMENT (the 
 Agreement is made as of October 14, 2022 (the Effective Date ), by and among Lemonade, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and the investors listed on Schedule A hereto, each of which is herein referred to as an Investor and collectively as the Investors , and each of the stockholders listed on Schedule B hereto, each of whom is herein referred to as a Key Holder and collectively as the Key Holders . 
 
 RECITALS 
 
 WHEREAS , certain of the Investors (the Existing Investors hold shares of the Company s Common Stock, par value 0.00001 per share (the Common Stock ), and possess registration rights and other rights pursuant to an Amended and Restated Investors Rights Agreement dated as of June 26, 2019 by and among the Company and such Existing Investors (the Prior Agreement 
 
 WHEREAS , the Prior Agreement may be amended, and any provision therein waived, with the consent of the Company and the holders of at least 60 of the outstanding Registrable Securities (as such term is defined in the Prior Agreement) 
 
 WHEREAS , the Existing Investors, as holders of at least 60 of the outstanding Registrable Securities (as such term is defined in the Prior Agreement) of the Company, desire to terminate the Prior Agreement and to accept the rights created pursuant hereto in lieu of the rights granted to them under the Prior Agreement and 
 
 WHEREAS , Chewy Insurance Services, LLC (the Warrantholder is party to the Omnibus Agreement, dated October 14, 2022, by and among the Company and the Warrantholder (the Omnibus Agreement ), which provides that as a condition to the closing of the issuance to the Warrantholder of a warrant (the Warrant to purchase shares of Common Stock, this Agreement must be executed and delivered by the Company, the Warrantholder and Existing Investors holding 60 of the outstanding Registrable Securities (as such term is defined in the Prior Agreement) of the Company. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE , in consideration of the mutual promises and covenants set forth herein, the Existing Investors hereby agree that the Prior Agreement shall be superseded and replaced in its entirety by this Agreement, and the parties hereto further agree as follows 
 
 1. Registration Rights. 
 
 The Company covenants and agrees as follows 
 
 1.1 Definitions. 
 
 For purposes of this Agreement 
 
 (a) The term Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

(b) The term Affiliate means, with respect to any Person, any other Person who or which, directly or indirectly, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with such specified Person, including, without limitation, any general partner, officer, director or manager of such Person and any venture capital fund now or hereafter existing that is controlled by one or more general partners or managing members of, or is under common investment management with, such Person. For the avoidance of doubt, SoftBank Vision Fund L.P., a limited partnership formed under the laws of Jersey, SoftBank Group Corp. and all persons or entities controlling, controlled by or under common control with either SoftBank Vision Fund L.P. or SoftBank Group Corp. are Affiliates of each other. It is also clarified that GV 2016, L.P., GV 2019, L.P., Alphabet, Inc. and its subsidiaries are Affiliates of each other. 
 
 (c) The term Form S-3 means such form under the Act as in effect on the date hereof or any registration form under the Act subsequently adopted by the SEC that permits inclusion or incorporation of substantial information by reference to other documents filed by the Company with the SEC. 
 
 (d) The term Free Writing Prospectus means a free-writing prospectus, as defined in Rule 405. 
 
 (e) The term Holder means any Person owning or having the right to acquire Registrable Securities or any assignee thereof in accordance with Section 1.11 hereof. 
 
 (f) The term 1934 Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, 
 as amended. 
 
 (g) The term Person shall mean any individual, corporation, 
 partnership, trust, limited liability company, association or other entity. 
 
 (h) The terms register , registered , and registration refer to a registration effected by preparing and filing a registration statement or similar document in compliance with the Act, and the declaration or ordering of effectiveness of such registration statement or document. 
 
 (i) The term Registrable Securities means (i) the Common Stock held by the Investors other than the Key Holders, (ii) the Common Stock issued or issuable to the Warrantholder upon exercise of the Warrant, whether vested or unvested, (iii) any Common Stock of the Company issued as (or issuable upon the conversion or exercise of any warrant, right or other security that is issued as) a dividend or other distribution with respect to, or in exchange for, or in replacement of, the shares referenced in (i) and (ii) above and (iv) the Common Stock held by the Key Holders provided , however , that such Key Holders Registrable Securities shall not be deemed Registrable Securities and the Key Holders shall not be deemed Holders for the purposes of Sections 1.2, 1.4, 1.12 and 3.7, excluding in all cases, however, any Registrable Securities sold by a Person in a transaction in which his rights under this Section 1 are not assigned. In addition, the number of shares of Registrable Securities outstanding shall equal the aggregate of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding that are, and the number of shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to then exercisable or convertible securities that will be, Registrable Securities. 

(j) The term Restated Certificate shall mean the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended and or restated from time to time. 
 
 (k) The term Rule 144 shall mean Rule 144 under the Act. 
 
 (l) The term Rule 144(b)(1)(i) shall mean subsection (b)(1)(i) of Rule 144 under the Act as it applies to Persons who have held shares for more than one (1) year. 
 
 (m) The term Rule 405 shall mean Rule 405 under the Act. 
 
 (n) The term SEC shall mean the Securities and Exchange 
 Commission. 
 
 1.2 Request for Registration 
 
 (a) Subject to the conditions of this Section 1.2, if the Company shall 
 receive at any time prior to June 25, 2024, a written request from the Holders of a majority of the Registrable Securities then outstanding (for purposes of this Section 1.2, the Initiating Holders that the Company file a registration statement under the Act covering the registration of Registrable Securities with an anticipated aggregate offering price of at least 15,000,000, then the Company shall, within twenty (20) days of the receipt thereof, give written notice of such request to all Holders (including the Key Holders), and subject to the limitations of this Section 1.2, use all commercially reasonable efforts to effect, as soon as practicable, the registration under the Act of all Registrable Securities that the Holders request to be registered in a written request received by the Company within twenty (20) days of the mailing of the Company s notice pursuant to this Section 1.2(a). 
 
 (b) If the Initiating Holders intend to distribute the Registrable Securities covered by their request by means of an underwriting, they shall so advise the Company as a part of their request made pursuant to this Section 1.2, and the Company shall include such information in the written notice referred to in Section 1.2(a). In such event the right of any Holder to include its Registrable Securities in such registration shall be conditioned upon such Holder s participation in such underwriting and the inclusion of such Holder s Registrable Securities in the underwriting (unless otherwise mutually agreed by a majority in interest of the Initiating Holders and such Holder) to the extent provided herein. All Holders proposing to distribute their securities through such underwriting shall enter into an underwriting agreement in customary form with the underwriter or underwriters selected for such underwriting by the Company (which underwriter or underwriters shall be reasonably acceptable to those Initiating Holders holding a majority of the Registrable Securities held by all Initiating Holders) provided , that no Holder shall be required to make any representations or warranties to, or agreements with, the Company or the underwriters other than representations, warranties or agreements regarding such Holder and its ownership of and title to the Registrable Securities and any liability of such Holder to any underwriter or other Person under such underwriting agreement shall be limited to liability arising from breach of its representations and warranties and shall be limited to an amount equal to the net proceeds (after deducting any underwriting discount or commission) that it derives from such registration. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Section 1.2, if the underwriter advises the Company that marketing factors require a limitation on the number of securities underwritten (including 

Registrable Securities), then the Company shall so advise all Holders of Registrable Securities that would otherwise be underwritten pursuant hereto, and the number of shares that may be included in the underwriting shall be allocated to the Holders of such Registrable Securities pro rata based on the number of Registrable Securities held by all such Holders (including the Initiating Holders). In no event shall any Registrable Securities be excluded from such underwriting unless all other securities, including Registrable Securities held by Key Holders, are first excluded. Any Registrable Securities excluded or withdrawn from such underwriting shall be withdrawn from the registration. 
 
 (c) Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall not be required to effect a registration pursuant to this Section 1.2 
 
 (i) in any particular jurisdiction in which the Company would be required to execute a general consent to service of process in effecting such registration, unless the Company is already subject to service in such jurisdiction and except as may be required under the Act or 
 
 (ii) after the Company has effected two (2) registrations pursuant to this Section 1.2, and such registrations have been declared or ordered effective or 
 
 (iii) during the period starting with the date sixty (60) days prior to the Company s good faith estimate of the date of the filing of and ending on a date one hundred eighty (180) days following the effective date of a Company-initiated registration subject to Section 1.3 below, provided that the Company is actively employing in good faith all commercially reasonable efforts to cause such registration statement to become effective or 
 
 (iv) if the Initiating Holders propose to dispose of Registrable Securities that may be registered on Form S-3 pursuant to Section 1.4 hereof or 
 
 (v) if the Company shall furnish to Holders requesting a registration statement pursuant to this Section 1.2 a certificate signed by the Company s Chief Executive Officer or Chairman of the Board of Directors stating that in the good faith judgment of the Board of Directors of the Company, it would be seriously detrimental to the Company and its stockholders for such registration statement to be effected at such time, in which event the Company shall have the right to defer such filing for a period of not more than ninety (90) days after receipt of the request of the Initiating Holders, provided that such right shall be exercised by the Company not more than once in any twelve (12) month period and provided further that the Company shall not register any securities for the account of itself or any other stockholder during such ninety (90) day period (other than a registration relating solely to the sale of securities of participants in a Company stock plan, a registration relating to a corporate reorganization or transaction under Rule 145 of the Act, a registration on any form that does not include substantially the same information as would be required to be included in a registration statement covering the sale of the Registrable Securities, or a registration in which the only Common Stock being registered is Common Stock issuable upon conversion of debt securities that are also being registered). 
 
 1.3 Company Registration. 

(a) If (but without any obligation to do so) the Company proposes to register (including for this purpose a registration effected by the Company for stockholders other than the Holders) any of its stock or other securities under the Act in connection with the public offering of such securities (other than (i) a registration relating to a demand pursuant to Section 1.2 or (ii) a registration relating solely to the sale of securities of participants in a Company stock plan, a registration relating to a corporate reorganization or transaction under Rule 145 of the Act, a registration on any form that does not include substantially the same information as would be required to be included in a registration statement covering the sale of the Registrable Securities, or a registration in which the only Common Stock being registered is Common Stock issuable upon conversion of debt securities that are also being registered), the Company shall, at such time, promptly give each Holder written notice of such registration. Upon the written request of each Holder given within twenty (20) days after mailing of such notice by the Company in accordance with Section 3.5, the Company shall, subject to the provisions of Section 1.3(c), use all commercially reasonable efforts to cause to be registered under the Act all of the Registrable Securities that each such Holder requests to be registered. 
 
 (b) Right to Terminate Registration . The Company shall have the right to terminate or withdraw any registration initiated by it under this Section 1.3 prior to the effectiveness of such registration whether or not any Holder has elected to include securities in such registration. The expenses of such withdrawn registration shall be borne by the Company in accordance with Section 1.7 hereof. 
 
 (c) Underwriting Requirements . In connection with any offering involving an underwriting of shares of the Company s capital stock, the Company shall not be required under this Section 1.3 to include any of the Holders securities in such underwriting unless they accept the terms of the underwriting as agreed upon between the Company and the underwriters selected by the Company (or by other Persons entitled to select the underwriters) and enter into an underwriting agreement in customary form with such underwriters, and then only in such quantity as the underwriters determine in their sole discretion will not jeopardize the success of the offering by the Company provided , that no Holder shall be required to make any representations or warranties to, or agreements with, the Company or the underwriters other than representations, warranties or agreements regarding such Holder and its ownership of and title to the Registrable Securities and any liability of such Holder to any underwriter or other Person under such underwriting agreement shall be limited to liability arising from breach of its representations and warranties and shall be limited to an amount equal to the net proceeds (after deducting any underwriting discount or commission) that it derives from such registration. If the total amount of securities, including Registrable Securities, requested by stockholders to be included in such offering exceeds the amount of securities sold other than by the Company that the underwriters determine in their sole discretion is compatible with the success of the offering, then the Company shall be required to include in the offering only that number of such securities, including Registrable Securities, that the underwriters determine in their sole discretion will not jeopardize the success of the offering. In no event shall any Registrable Securities be excluded from such offering unless all other stockholders securities, including the Registrable Securities held by the Key Holders, have been first excluded. In the event that the underwriters determine that less than all of the Registrable Securities requested to be registered can be included in such offering, then the Registrable Securities that are included in such offering shall be apportioned pro rata among the selling Holders based on the number of Registrable Securities held by all selling 

Holders or in such other proportions as shall mutually be agreed to by all such selling Holders. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall the amount of securities of the selling Holders included in the offering be reduced below thirty-three percent (33 of the total amount of securities included in such offering. For purposes of the preceding sentence concerning apportionment, for any selling stockholder that is a Holder of Registrable Securities and that is a venture capital fund, partnership or corporation, the affiliated venture capital funds, partners, members, retired partners and stockholders of such Holder, or the estates and family members of any such partners, members, and retired partners and any trusts for the benefit of any of the foregoing Persons shall be deemed to be a single selling Holder, and any pro rata reduction with respect to such selling Holder shall be based upon the aggregate amount of Registrable Securities owned by all such related entities and individuals. 
 
 1.4 Shelf Registrations. 
 
 (a) Shelf Registration . Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, in no event later than December 31, 2023, the Company shall file, and use commercially reasonable efforts to cause to be declared effective by the SEC as soon as reasonably practicable after such filing date, a registration statement on Form S-3 or, if such form is not available to the Company, Form S-1, providing for an offering to be made on a continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act relating to the offer and sale, from time to time, of all of the Registrable Securities (the Shelf Registration Statement ). To the extent the Company is a well-known seasoned issuer (as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act), the Company shall file the Shelf Registration Statement in the form of an automatic shelf registration statement (as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act) or any successor form thereto, but shall register the specific number of Registrable Securities and pay the registration fee for all Registrable Securities to be registered pursuant to such automatic shelf registration statement at the time of filing of the automatic shelf registration statement and shall not elect to pay any portion of the registration fee on a deferred basis. The Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to keep the Shelf Registration Statement continuously effective for the maximum period permitted by the SEC s rules, and shall replace such Shelf Registration Statement at or before expiration with a successor Shelf Registration Statement, until the date on which all Registrable Securities covered by the Shelf Registration Statement have been sold thereunder in accordance with the plan and method of distribution disclosed in the prospectus included in the Shelf Registration Statement. 
 
 (b) Shelf Take-Down Offerings . At any time that a Shelf Registration Statement is effective, if a Holder delivers a notice to the Company (a Take-Down Notice stating that it intends to sell all or part of its Registrable Securities included on the Shelf Registration Statement (a Shelf Offering ), then the Company shall amend or supplement the Shelf Registration Statement as may be necessary in order to enable such Registrable Securities to be distributed pursuant to the Shelf Offering. Any time that a Shelf Offering involves a marketed underwritten Shelf Offering, (i) the Company shall promptly give written notice of the proposed Shelf Offering to all other Holders including the Key Holders and use all commercially reasonable efforts to include in such underwritten Shelf Offering all Registrable Securities of a Holder as are specified in a written request from a Holder given within five (5) days after receipt of such written notice from the Company and (ii) the Company shall select the investment banker(s) and manager(s) that will serve as managing underwriters (including which such managing underwriters will serve as lead or co-lead) and underwriters with respect to such Shelf Offering provided , that 

such investment banker(s) and manager(s) shall be reasonably acceptable to the participating Holders holding a majority of the Registrable Securities included in such Shelf Offering. 
 
 (c) In addition, in case the Company shall receive from the Holders of at least twenty percent (20 of the Registrable Securities (for purposes of this Section 1.4(c), the S-3 Initiating Holders a written request or requests that the Company effect a registration on Form S-3 and any related qualification or compliance with respect to all or a part of the Registrable Securities owned by such Holder or Holders, the Company shall 
 
 (i) promptly give written notice of the proposed registration, and any related qualification or compliance, to all other Holders including the Key Holders and 
 
 (ii) use all commercially reasonable efforts to effect, as soon as practicable, such registration and all such qualifications and compliances as may be so requested and as would permit or facilitate the sale and distribution of all or such portion of such Holders Registrable Securities as are specified in such request, together with all or such portion of the Registrable Securities of any other Holders and or Key Holders joining in such request as are specified in a written request given within fifteen (15) days after receipt of such written notice from the Company, provided , however , that the Company shall not be obligated to effect any such registration, qualification or compliance, pursuant to this Section 1.4 
 
 A. if Form S-3 is not available for such offering 
 by the Holders 
 
 B. if the Holders, together with the holders of 
 any other securities of the Company entitled to inclusion in such registration, propose to sell Registrable Securities and such other securities (if any) at an aggregate price to the public (net of any underwriters discounts or commissions) of less than 10,000,000 
 
 C. if the Company shall furnish to all Holders requesting a registration statement pursuant to this Section 1.4 a certificate signed by the Company s Chief Executive Officer or Chairman of the Board of Directors stating that in the good faith judgment of the Board of Directors of the Company, it would be seriously detrimental to the Company and its stockholders for such registration statement to be effected at such time, in which event the Company shall have the right to defer such filing for a period of not more than ninety (90) days after receipt of the request of the S-3 Initiating Holders, provided that such right shall be exercised by the Company not more than once in any twelve (12) month period and provided further that the Company shall not register any securities for the account of itself or any other stockholder during such ninety (90) day period (other than a registration relating solely to the sale of securities of participants in a Company stock plan, a registration relating to a corporate reorganization or transaction under Rule 145 of the Act, a registration on any form that does not include substantially the same information as would be required to be included in a registration statement covering the sale of the Registrable Securities, or a registration in which the only Common Stock being registered is Common Stock issuable upon conversion of debt securities that are also being registered) 

D. if the Company has, within the twelve 
 (12) month period preceding the date of such request, already effected two (2) registrations on Form S-3 pursuant to this Section 1.4 or 
 
 E. in any particular jurisdiction in which the Company would be required to qualify to do business or to execute a general consent to service of process in effecting such registration, qualification or compliance. 
 
 (iii) If the S-3 Initiating Holders intend to distribute the Registrable Securities covered by their request by means of an underwriting, they shall so advise the Company as a part of their request made pursuant to this Section 1.4 and the Company shall include such information in the written notice referred to in Section 1.4(a). The provisions of Section 1.2(b) shall be applicable to such request (with the substitution of Section 1.4 for references to Section 1.2). 
 
 (iv) Subject to the foregoing, the Company shall file a registration statement covering the Registrable Securities and other securities so requested to be registered as soon as practicable after receipt of the request or requests of the S-3 Initiating Holders. Registrations effected pursuant to this Section 1.4 shall not be counted as requests for registration effected pursuant to Section 1.2. 
 
 1.5 Obligations of the Company. 
 
 Whenever required under this Section 1 to effect the registration of any Registrable Securities, the Company shall, as expeditiously as reasonably possible 
 
 (a) prepare and file with the SEC a registration statement with respect to such Registrable Securities and use all commercially reasonable efforts to cause such registration statement to become effective, and, upon the request of the Holders of a majority of the Registrable Securities registered thereunder, keep such registration statement effective for a period of up to one hundred twenty (120) days or, if earlier, until the distribution contemplated in the Registration Statement has been completed, except with respect to a Shelf Registration Statement, which shall be governed by Section 1.4(a) provided , however , that before filing any such registration statement or any amendments thereto, the Company will furnish to the Holders, their counsel, and the lead managing underwriter(s), if any, copies of all such documents proposed to be filed, which documents will be subject to the review and reasonable comment of such counsel, and other documents reasonably requested by such counsel, including any comment letter from the SEC. The Company shall not file any such registration statement or prospectus or any amendments or supplements thereto to which the Holders, their counsel, or the lead managing underwriter(s), if any, shall reasonably object, in writing, on a timely basis 
 
 (b) prepare and file with the SEC such amendments and supplements to such registration statement and the prospectus used in connection with such registration statement as may be necessary to comply with the provisions of the Act with respect to the disposition of all securities covered by such registration statement 
 
 (c) furnish to the Holders such number of copies of a prospectus, including a preliminary prospectus and any Free Writing Prospectus, in conformity with the 

requirements of the Act, and such other documents as they may reasonably request in order to facilitate the disposition of Registrable Securities owned by them 
 
 (d) use all commercially reasonable efforts to register and qualify the securities covered by such registration statement under such other securities or Blue Sky laws of such jurisdictions as shall be reasonably requested by the Holders, provided that the Company shall not be required in connection therewith or as a condition thereto to qualify to do business or to file a general consent to service of process in any such states or jurisdictions 
 
 (e) in the event of any underwritten public offering, enter into and perform its obligations under an underwriting agreement, in usual and customary form, with the managing underwriter of such offering, and use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain for the underwriter(s) opinions of counsel for the Company and comfort letters and updates thereof signed by the Company s independent public accountants (and, if necessary, any other independent certified public accountants or independent auditors of any subsidiary of the Company or any business acquired by the Company for which financial statements and financial data are, or are required to be, included in the applicable registration statement), in each case covering such matters as are customarily covered by such opinions and comfort letters in connection with underwritten public offerings, which opinion and letters shall be reasonably satisfactory to the underwriter(s) 
 
 (f) notify each Holder of Registrable Securities covered by such registration statement at any time when a prospectus or Free Writing Prospectus (to the extent prepared by or on behalf of the Company) relating thereto is required to be delivered under the Act of the happening of any event as a result of which the prospectus included in such registration statement, as then in effect, includes an untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading in the light of the circumstances then existing, and, at the request of any such Holder, the Company will, as soon as reasonably practicable, file and furnish to all such Holders a supplement or amendment to such prospectus or Free Writing Prospectus (to the extent prepared by or on behalf of the Company) so that, as thereafter delivered to the purchasers of such Registrable Securities, such prospectus will not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading in light of the circumstances under which they were made 
 
 (g) cause all such Registrable Securities registered pursuant to this Section 1 to be listed on a national exchange or trading system and on each securities exchange and trading system on which similar securities issued by the Company are then listed 
 
 (h) provide a transfer agent and registrar for all Registrable Securities registered pursuant to this Agreement and a CUSIP number for all such Registrable Securities, in each case not later than the effective date of such registration and 
 
 (i) as promptly as practicable notify in writing the Holders and the underwriters, if any, of the following events (i) any request by the SEC or any other governmental entity for amendments or supplements to the registration statement or the prospectus or for additional information (ii) the issuance by the SEC of any stop order suspending the effectiveness 

of the registration statement or the initiation of any proceedings by any Person for that purpose 
 (iii) the receipt by the Company of any notification with respect to the suspension of the qualification of any Registrable Securities for sale under the securities or blue sky laws of any jurisdiction or the initiation or threat of any proceeding for such purpose and (iv) if at any time the representations and warranties of the Company contained in any underwriting or other agreement cease to be true and correct in any material respect, and the Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to prevent or obtain the withdrawal of any stop order or other order suspending the effectiveness of such registration statement, or suspending the use of any prospectus or prevent or obtain the lifting of any suspension of the qualification (or exemption from qualification) of any of the Registrable Securities for sale in any jurisdiction at the earliest reasonable practicable date. 
 
 Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 1, the Company shall be entitled to postpone or suspend, for a period of not more than ninety (90) days (which right shall not be exercised by the Company more than once in any twelve (12) month period), the filing, effectiveness or use of, or trading under, any registration statement if the Company shall determine that any such filing or the sale of any securities pursuant to such registration statement would in the good faith judgment of the Board of Directors of the Company 
 
 (i) materially impede, delay or interfere with any material pending or proposed financing, acquisition, corporate reorganization or other similar transaction involving the Company for which the Board of Directors of the Company has authorized negotiations 
 
 (ii) materially adversely impair the consummation of any pending or proposed material offering or sale of any class of securities by the Company or 
 
 (iii) require disclosure of material nonpublic information that, if disclosed at such time, would be materially harmful to the interests of the Company and its stockholders provided , however , that during any such period all executive officers and directors of the Company are also prohibited from selling securities of the Company (or any security of any of the Company s subsidiaries or Affiliates). 
 
 In the event of the suspension of effectiveness of any registration statement pursuant to this Section 1.5, the applicable time period during which such registration statement is to remain effective shall be extended by that number of days equal to the number of days the effectiveness of such registration statement was suspended. 
 
 1.6 Information from Holder. 
 
 It shall be a condition precedent to the obligations of the Company to take any action pursuant to this Section 1 with respect to the Registrable Securities of any selling Holder that such Holder shall furnish to the Company such information regarding itself, the Registrable Securities held by it, and the intended method of disposition of such securities as shall be reasonably required to effect the registration of such Holder s Registrable Securities. 
 
 1.7 Expenses of Registration. 

All expenses other than underwriting discounts and commissions incurred in connection with registrations, filings or qualifications pursuant to Sections 1.2, 1.3 and 1.4, including, without limitation, all registration, filing and qualification fees, printers and accounting fees, fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company, the reasonable fees and disbursements of one counsel for the selling Holders (not to exceed 50,000) and fees associated with marketing for underwritten offerings shall be borne by the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall not be required to pay for any expenses of any registration proceeding begun pursuant to Section 1.2 or Section 1.4 if the registration request is subsequently withdrawn at the request of the Initiating Holders (in which case the Initiating Holders shall bear such expenses pro rata based upon the number of Registrable Securities that were to be included in the withdrawn registration), unless, in the case of a registration requested under Section 1.2, the Holders of a majority of the Registrable Securities agree to forfeit their right to one demand registration pursuant to Section 1.2 and provided , however , that if at the time of such withdrawal, the Holders have learned of a material adverse change in the condition, business or prospects of the Company from that known to the Holders at the time of their request and have withdrawn the request with reasonable promptness following disclosure by the Company of such material adverse change, then the Holders shall not be required to pay any of such expenses and shall retain their rights pursuant to Sections 1.2 and 1.4. 
 
 1.8 Delay of Registration. 
 
 No Holder shall have any right to obtain or seek an injunction restraining or otherwise delaying any such registration as the result of any controversy that might arise with respect to the interpretation or implementation of this Section 1. 
 
 1.9 Indemnification. 
 
 In the event any Registrable Securities are included in a registration statement under 
 this Section 1 
 
 (a) To the extent permitted by law, the Company will indemnify and 
 hold harmless each Holder, the partners, members, officers, directors and stockholders of each Holder, legal counsel and accountants for each Holder, any underwriter (as defined in the Act) for such Holder and each Person, if any, who controls such Holder or underwriter within the meaning of the Act or the 1934 Act, against any losses, claims, damages or liabilities (joint or several) to which they may become subject under the Act, the 1934 Act, any state securities laws or any rule or regulation promulgated under the Act, the 1934 Act or any state securities laws, insofar as such losses, claims, damages, or liabilities (or actions or proceedings, whether commenced or threatened, in respect thereof) arise out of or are based upon any of the following statements, omissions or violations (collectively a Violation (i) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in such registration statement, including any preliminary prospectus, final prospectus, or Free Writing Prospectus contained therein or any amendments or supplements thereto, any issuer information (as defined in Rule 433 of the Act) filed or required to be filed pursuant to Rule 433(d) under the Act or any other document incident to such registration prepared by or on behalf of the Company or used or referred to by the Company, (ii) the omission or alleged omission to state in such registration statement a material fact required to be stated therein, or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading or (iii) any 

violation or alleged violation by the Company of the Act, the 1934 Act, any state securities laws or any rule or regulation promulgated under the Act, the 1934 Act or any state securities laws, and the Company will reimburse each such Holder, underwriter, controlling Person or other aforementioned Person for any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by them in connection with investigating or defending any such loss, claim, damage, liability, proceeding or action as such expenses are incurred provided , however , that the indemnity agreement contained in this subsection l.9(a) shall not apply to amounts paid in settlement of any such loss, claim, damage, liability, proceeding or action if such settlement is effected without the consent of the Company (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld), nor shall the Company be liable in any such case for any such loss, claim, damage, liability, proceeding or action to the extent that it arises out of or is based upon a Violation that occurs in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished expressly for use in connection with such registration by any such Holder, underwriter, controlling Person or other aforementioned Person. 
 
 (b) To the extent permitted by law, each selling Holder, severally and not jointly, will indemnify and hold harmless the Company, each of its directors, each of its officers who has signed the registration statement, each Person, if any, who controls the Company within the meaning of the Act, legal counsel and accountants for the Company, any underwriter, any other Holder selling securities in such registration statement and any controlling Person of any such underwriter or other Holder, against any losses, claims, damages or liabilities (joint or several) to which any of the foregoing Persons may become subject, under the Act, the 1934 Act, any state securities laws or any rule or regulation promulgated under the Act, the 1934 Act or any state securities laws, insofar as such losses, claims, damages or liabilities (or actions or proceedings, whether commenced or threatened, in respect thereto) arise out of or are based upon any Violation, in each case to the extent (and only to the extent) that such Violation occurs in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished by such Holder expressly for use in connection with such registration and each such Holder will reimburse any Person intended to be indemnified pursuant to this subsection l.9(b) for any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by such Person in connection with investigating or defending any such loss, claim, damage, liability or action as such expenses are incurred provided , however , that the indemnity agreement contained in this subsection l.9(b) shall not apply to amounts paid in settlement of any such loss, claim, damage, liability or action if such settlement is effected without the consent of the Holder (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld), and provided that in no event shall any indemnity under this subsection l.9(b) exceed the net proceeds from the offering received by such Holder. 
 
 (c) Promptly after receipt by an indemnified party under this Section 1.9 of notice of the commencement of any action or proceeding (including any governmental action or proceeding) for which a party may be entitled to indemnification, such indemnified party will, if a claim in respect thereof is to be made against any indemnifying party under this Section 1.9, deliver to the indemnifying party a written notice of the commencement thereof and the indemnifying party shall have the right to participate in and, to the extent the indemnifying party so desires, jointly with any other indemnifying party similarly noticed, to assume the defense thereof with counsel mutually satisfactory to the parties provided , however , that an indemnified party (together with all other indemnified parties that may be represented without conflict by one counsel) shall have the right to retain one (1) separate counsel, with the fees and expenses to be paid by the indemnifying party, if representation of such indemnified party by the counsel retained by the indemnifying party would be inappropriate due to actual or potential 

differing interests between such indemnified party and any other party represented by such counsel in such proceeding. The failure to deliver written notice to the indemnifying party within a reasonable time of the commencement of any such action or proceeding, if prejudicial to its ability to defend such action or proceeding, shall relieve such indemnifying party of liability to the indemnified party under this Section 1.9 to the extent of such prejudice, but the omission to so deliver written notice to the indemnifying party will not relieve it of any liability that it may have to any indemnified party otherwise than under this Section 1.9. 
 
 (d) If the indemnification provided for in this Section 1.9 is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be unavailable to an indemnified party with respect to any loss, liability, claim, damage or expense referred to herein, then the indemnifying party, in lieu of indemnifying such indemnified party hereunder, shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by such indemnified party as a result of such loss, liability, claim, damage or expense in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative fault of the indemnifying party on the one hand and the indemnified party on the other hand in connection with the statements or omissions that resulted in such loss, liability, claim, damage or expense, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations provided , however , that (i) no contribution by any Holder, when combined with any amounts paid by such Holder pursuant to Section 1.9(b), shall exceed the net proceeds from the offering received by such Holder and (ii) no Person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Act) will be entitled to contribution from any Person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation and provided further that in no event shall a Holder s liability pursuant to this Section 1.9(d), when combined with the amounts paid or payable by such Holder pursuant to Section 1.9(b), exceed the proceeds from the offering received by such Holder (net of any expenses paid by such Holder). The relative fault of the indemnifying party and the indemnified party shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether the untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or the omission or alleged omission to state a material fact relates to information supplied by the indemnifying party or by the indemnified party and the parties relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such statement or omission. 
 
 (e) Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent that the provisions on indemnification and contribution contained in the underwriting agreement entered into in connection with the underwritten public offering are in conflict with the foregoing provisions, the provisions in the underwriting agreement shall control. 
 
 (f) The obligations of the Company and Holders under this Section 1.9 shall survive the completion of any offering of Registrable Securities in a registration statement under this Section 1 and otherwise. 
 
 1.10 Reports Under the 1934 Act. 
 
 With a view to making available to the Holders the benefits of Rule 144 and any other rule or regulation of the SEC that may at any time permit a Holder to sell securities of the Company to the public without registration or pursuant to a registration on Form S-3, the Company agrees to 

(a) make and keep public information available, as those terms are understood and defined in Rule 144, at all times after the date hereof 
 
 (b) file with the SEC in a timely manner all reports and other documents required of the Company under the Act and the 1934 Act and 
 
 (c) furnish to any Holder, so long as the Holder owns any Registrable Securities, forthwith upon request (i) a written statement by the Company that it has complied with the reporting requirements of Rule 144 (at any time after ninety (90) days after the effective date of the first registration statement filed by the Company), the Act and the 1934 Act (at any time after it has become subject to such reporting requirements), or that it qualifies as a registrant whose securities may be resold pursuant to Form S-3 (at any time after it so qualifies), (ii) a copy of the most recent annual or quarterly report of the Company and such other reports and documents so filed by the Company and (iii) such other information as may be reasonably requested to avail any Holder of any rule or regulation of the SEC that permits the selling of any such securities without registration or pursuant to such form. 
 
 1.11 Assignment of Registration Rights. 
 
 The rights to cause the Company to register Registrable Securities pursuant to this Section 1 may be assigned (but only with all related obligations) by a Holder to a transferee or assignee of such securities that (a) is an Affiliate, subsidiary, parent, partner, limited partner, retired partner, member or stockholder of a Holder, (b) is a Holder s family member or trust for the benefit of an individual Holder, or (c) after such assignment or transfer, holds at least 100,000 shares of Registrable Securities (appropriately adjusted for any stock split, dividend, combination or other recapitalization), provided (i) the Company is, within a reasonable time after such transfer, furnished with written notice of the name and address of such transferee or assignee and the securities with respect to which such registration rights are being assigned (ii) such transferee or assignee agrees in writing to be bound by and subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and (iii) such assignment shall be effective only if immediately following such transfer the further disposition of such securities by the transferee or assignee is restricted under the Act. 
 
 1.12 Limitations on Subsequent Registration Rights. 
 
 From and after the date of this Agreement, the Company shall not, without the prior written consent of the Holders holding 60 of the Registrable Securities then held by all Holders, enter into any agreement with any holder or prospective holder of any securities of the Company that would allow such holder or prospective holder (a) to include any of such securities in any registration filed under Section 1.2, Section 1.3 or Section 1.4 hereof, unless under the terms of such agreement, such holder or prospective holder may include such securities in any such registration only to the extent that the inclusion of such securities will not reduce the amount of the Registrable Securities of the Holders that are included or (b) to demand registration of their securities. 
 
 1.13 Termination of Registration Rights. 
 
 No Holder shall be entitled to exercise any right provided for in this Section 1 (a) after seven (7) years following the Effective Date or (b) as to any Holder, after such time at which 

such Holder (i) can sell all shares held by it in compliance with Rule 144(b)(1)(i) or (ii) holds one percent (1 or less of the Company s outstanding Common Stock and all Registrable Securities held by such Holder (together with any Affiliate of the Holder with whom such Holder must aggregate its sales under Rule 144) can be sold in any three (3) month period without registration in compliance with Rule 144 provided, that this Section 1.13 shall not terminate the obligations of the Company with respect to the Shelf Registration Statement as set forth in Section 1.4. 
 
 2. Covenants of the Company. 
 
 2.1 Indemnification Matters. 
 
 The Company hereby acknowledges that one (1) or more of the directors on the Board of Directors who is an Affiliate of an Investor (each a Fund Director may have certain rights to indemnification, advancement of expenses and or insurance provided by one or more of the Investors and certain of their Affiliates (collectively, the Fund Indemnitors ). The Company hereby agrees (a) that it is the indemnitor of first resort (i.e., its obligations to any such Fund Director are primary and any obligation of the Fund Indemnitors to advance expenses or to provide indemnification for the same expenses or liabilities incurred by such Fund Director are secondary), (b) that it shall be required to advance the full amount of expenses incurred by such Fund Director and shall be liable for the full amount of all expenses, judgments, penalties, fines and amounts paid in settlement by or on behalf of any such Fund Director to the extent legally permitted and as required by the Restated Certificate or Bylaws of the Company (or any agreement between the Company and such Fund Director), without regard to any rights such Fund Director may have against the Fund Indemnitors, and, (c) that it irrevocably waives, relinquishes and releases the Fund Indemnitors from any and all claims against the Fund Indemnitors for contribution, subrogation or any other recovery of any kind in respect thereof. The Company further agrees that no advancement or payment by the Fund Indemnitors on behalf of any such Fund Director with respect to any claim for which such Fund Director has sought indemnification from the Company shall affect the foregoing and the Fund Indemnitors shall have a right of contribution and or be subrogated to the extent of such advancement or payment to all of the rights of recovery of such Fund Director against the Company. 
 
 2.2 Foreign Corrupt Practices Act 
 
 The Company represents that it shall not and shall not permit any of its subsidiaries or Affiliates or any of its or their respective directors, officers, managers, employees, independent contractors, representatives or agents to promise, authorize or make any payment to, or otherwise contribute any item of value to, directly or indirectly, to any third party, including any non-U.S. official, in each case, in violation of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the FCPA ), the U.K. Bribery Act, or any other applicable anti-bribery or anti-corruption law. The Company further represents that it shall and shall cause each of its subsidiaries and Affiliates to cease all of its or their respective activities, as well as remediate any actions taken by the Company, its subsidiaries or Affiliates, or any of their respective directors, officers, managers, employees, independent contractors, representatives or agents in violation of the FCPA, the U.K. Bribery Act, or any other applicable anti-bribery or anti-corruption law. The Company further represents that it shall and shall cause each of its subsidiaries and Affiliates to maintain systems of internal controls (including, but not limited to, accounting systems, purchasing systems and billing systems) to 

ensure compliance with the FCPA, the U.K. Bribery Act, or any other applicable anti-bribery or anti-corruption law. 
 
 2.3 Use of Name. 
 
 The Company shall not and shall cause its subsidiaries not to use the name of an Investor (or the name of any Affiliate of an Investor) in any press release, published notice or other publication relating to such Investor s investment in the Company without the prior written consent of such Investor. For the avoidance of doubt, the Company may advise its tax, legal or other professional advisors, other investors and prospective investors of the fact of such Investor s investment in the Company, provided that such persons are obligated to keep such information confidential, and may make any other disclosure regarding such Investor s investment in the Company required by law or legal process. 
 
 2.4 Right to Conduct Activities. 
 
 The Company hereby agrees and acknowledges that certain of the Investors and their Affiliates are professional investment funds or make investments similar in nature to investments in the Company Fund Investors ), and as such invest in numerous portfolio companies, some of which may be deemed competitive with the Company s business (as currently conducted or as currently proposed to be conducted). The Company hereby agrees that, to the extent permitted under applicable law, no such Fund Investor shall be liable to the Company for any claim arising out of, or based upon, (i) the investment by such Fund Investor in any entity competitive with the Company, or (ii) actions taken by any partner, officer or other representative of such Fund Investor to assist any such competitive company, whether or not such action was taken as a member of the board of directors of such competitive company or otherwise, and whether or not such action has a detrimental effect on the Company provided, however, that the foregoing shall not relieve (x) any Fund Investors from liability associated with the breach of Section 2.9, or (y) any director or officer of the Company from any liability associated with his or her fiduciary duties to the Company. For the avoidance of doubt, the Company agrees that SoftBank Group Capital Limited, GV 2016, L.P., GV 2019, L.P., Allianz Strategic Investments s.a.r.l., XL Innovate Partners, L.P. and Harel Insurance Company Ltd. are Fund Investors. 
 
 2.5 Real Property Holding Corporation. 
 
 If at any time the Company determines that it is a United States real property holding corporation as defined in Section 897(c)(2) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (a USRPHC ), it shall promptly inform each stockholder that holds at least 380,000 shares of Common Stock of the Company, on an as-converted basis (as adjusted for any stock splits, stock dividends, combinations, subdivisions, recapitalizations or the like) (a Major Holder in writing of such determination. In addition, upon a Major Holder s request, the Company shall promptly determine whether or not it is a USRPHC and shall promptly inform such Major Holder in writing of such determination. 
 
 3. Miscellaneous. 
 
 3.1 Successors and Assigns. 

Except as otherwise provided herein, the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the respective successors and assigns of the parties (including transferees of any shares of Registrable Securities). Nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended to confer upon any party other than the parties hereto or their respective successors and assigns any rights, remedies, obligations or liabilities under or by reason of this Agreement, except as expressly provided in this Agreement. 
 
 3.2 Governing Law. 
 
 This Agreement shall be governed by and construed under the laws of the State of New York as applied to agreements among New York residents entered into and to be performed entirely within New York. 
 
 3.3 Counterparts Facsimile. 
 
 This Agreement may be executed and delivered by facsimile or electronic signature and in two (2) or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one (1) and the same instrument. 
 
 3.4 Titles and Subtitles. 
 
 The titles and subtitles used in this Agreement are used for convenience only and are not to be considered in construing or interpreting this Agreement. 
 
 3.5 Notices. 
 
 All notices and other communications given or made pursuant hereto shall be in writing and shall be deemed effectively given upon the earlier to occur of actual receipt or 
 (a) upon personal delivery to the party to be notified, (b) when sent by confirmed electronic mail or facsimile if sent during normal business hours of the recipient if not, then on the next business day, (c) five (5) days after having been sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or (d) one (1) day after deposit with a nationally recognized overnight courier, specifying next day delivery, with written verification of receipt. All communications shall be sent to the respective parties at the addresses set forth on the signature pages attached hereto (or at such other addresses as shall be specified by notice given in accordance with this Section 3.5). 
 
 3.6 Expenses. 
 
 If any action at law or in equity is necessary to enforce or interpret the terms of this Agreement, the prevailing party shall be entitled to reasonable attorneys fees, costs and necessary disbursements in addition to any other relief to which such party may be entitled. 
 
 3.7 Entire Agreement Amendments and Waivers. 
 
 Upon the effectiveness of this Agreement, the Prior Agreement shall be deemed amended and restated and superseded and replaced in its entirety by this Agreement, and shall be of no further force or effect. This Agreement (including the Exhibits hereto, if any) constitutes the full and entire understanding and agreement among the parties with regard to the subjects hereof 

and thereof. Any term of this Agreement may be amended and the observance of any term of this Agreement may be waived (either generally or in a particular instance and either retroactively or prospectively) only with the written consent of the Company and the Investors holding at least sixty percent (60 of the Registrable Securities held by the Investors provided , that (i) if such amendment or waiver disproportionately and materially adversely affects any Investor, then the consent of such Investor shall also be required and (ii) no amendment or waiver to Section 1.4(a) or Section 1.4(b) (or this Section 3.7(ii)) shall be made or given that reduces the rights or increases the obligations of the Warrantholder under Section 1.4(a) or Section 1.4(b) or adversely affects the ability of the Warrantholder to exercise or enjoy its rights under Section 1.4(a) or Section 1.4(b) without the prior written consent of the Warrantholder. Any amendment or waiver effected in accordance with this paragraph shall be binding upon each holder of any Registrable Securities, each future holder of all such Registrable Securities and the Company. Further, in the event that any amendment or waiver under this Section 3.7 adversely affects the obligations or rights of the Key Holders in a different manner than the other Holders, such amendment or waiver shall also require the written consent of the Key Holders holding at least a majority of the Registrable Securities held by the Key Holders. 
 
 3.8 Severability. 
 
 Whenever possible, each provision of this Agreement shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law, but if any provision of this Agreement shall be held to be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective only to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provision or the remaining provisions of this Agreement. 
 
 3.9 Aggregation of Stock. 
 
 All shares of Registrable Securities held or acquired by affiliated entities (including affiliated venture capital funds or venture capital funds under common investment management) or Persons shall be aggregated together for the purpose of determining the availability of any rights under this Agreement. 
 
 3.10 Amendment and Restatement of Prior Agreement. The Prior Agreement is hereby amended in its entirety and restated as provided herein. All provisions of, rights granted and covenants made in the Prior Agreement are hereby waived, released and superseded in their entirety and shall have no further force or effect. 
 
 Remainder of page intentionally left blank 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties have executed this Agreement as of the date first above written. 
 
 COMPANY 
 
 By Name s Daniel Schreiber 
 Title Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Notice Address 
 
 Email 
 
 A copy (which shall not constitute notice) shall also be given to AYR - Amar Reiter Jeanne Shochatovitch, Lawyers 
 
 Email 
 Attention Daniel Chinn 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties have executed this Agreement as of the date first above written. 
 
 INVESTORS 
 
 ALEPH, L.P. 
 
 By Aleph Equity Partners, L.P. Its general partner 
 By Aleph EP, Ltd. 
 Its general partner 
 
 By Director 

ALEPH-ALEPH, L.P. 
 
 By Aleph Equity Partners, L.P. Its general partner 
 By Aleph EP, Ltd. 
 Its general partner 
 
 By Director 

Notice Address 
 Email 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the date first written above. 
 INVESTORS 

SEQUOIA CAPITAL ISRAEL VENTURE V HOLDINGS L.P. 
 
 By SC Israel Venture V Management, L.P. Its general partner 
 By SC Israel Venture V (TTGP), Ltd. 
 Its general partner 
 
 By Managing Director 

Notice Address 
 
 Email 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the date first written above. 
 INVESTORS 

XL INNOVATE FUND, L.P. 
 
 By Name G. Thompson Hutton 
 Title Director 
 
 Notice Address 
 
 Email 
 
 A copy (which shall not constitute notice) shall also be given to Sheppard, Mullin, Richter , Attention John Hempill 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the date first written above. 
 INVESTORS 

GENERAL CATALYST GROUP VIII, L.P. 
 
 By General Catalyst Partners VIII, L.P. its General Partner 
 By General Catalyst GP VIII, LLC its General Partner 
 
 By Name Title 

GENERAL CATALYST GROUP VIII SUPPLEMENTAL, L.P. 
 
 By General Catalyst Partners VIII, L.P. its General Partner 
 By General Catalyst GP VIII, LLC its General Partner 
 
 By Name Title 

Notice Address 

Email 
 
 A copy (which shall not constitute notice) shall also be given to 
 Dean G. Zioze, Esq. 
 Mintz, Levin, Cohn, Ferris, Glovsky and Popeo, P.C. 
 
 Email 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties have executed this Agreement as of the date first above written. 
 
 INVESTORS 
 
 THRIVE CAPITAL PARTNERS V, L.P. 
 
 By THRIVE PARTNERS V GP, LLC, 
 its general partner 
 
 By Name Title 

CLAREMOUNT V ASSOCIATES, L.P. 
 
 By THRIVE PARTNERS V GP, LLC, 
 its general partner 

By Name Title 

Notice Address 
 Email 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the date first written above. 
 
 INVESTORS 
 
 GV 2016, L.P. 
 
 By GV 2016 GP, L.P., its General Partner By GV 2016 GP, L.L.C., its General Partner 
 
 By Name Daphne M. Chang 
 Title Authorized Signatory 

GV 2019, L.P. 
 
 By GV 2019 GP, L.P., its General Partner By GV 2019 GP, L.L.C., its General Partner 
 
 By Name Daphne M. Chang 
 Title Authorized Signatory 

Notice Address 
 Attn GV Legal Department 
 Email 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the date first written above. 
 INVESTORS 

TUSK VENTURE PARTNERS I, L.P. 
 
 By Name Title 

TUSK VENTURES, LLC 
 
 By Name Title 
 
 TUSK VENTURES L SPV, L.P. 
 
 By Name Title 

TUSK VENTURES LEMONADE SPV II, LLC 
 
 By Name Title 

Notice Address 
 Email 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the date first written above. 
 INVESTORS 

ALLIANZ STRATEGIC INVESTMENTS S.A.R.L 
 
 By Name Title 

Notice Address 
 Email 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the date first written above. 
 INVESTORS 

SOUND VENTURES II, LLC 
 
 By Name Title 

Notice Address 
 Email 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the date first written above. 
 INVESTORS 

ALEXA VON TOBEL 
 Notice Address 
 
 Email 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the date first written above. 
 INVESTORS 

ANNOX CAPITAL, LLC 
 
 By Name Title 
 
 Notice Address 

Email 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the date first written above. 
 INVESTORS 

ELEVATOR VENTURES HOLDINGS LTD. 
 
 By Name Title 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the date first written above. 
 INVESTORS 

MSR GLOBAL LIMITED 
 
 By Name Title 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the date first written above. 
 INVESTORS 

LEMONADE 2019-II, LLC 
 
 By Name Title 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the date first written above. 
 INVESTORS 

ORIT WININGER 
 Notice Address 
 
 Email 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the date first written above. 
 INVESTORS 

SHLOMO SCHINDELHEIM 
 Notice Address 
 
 Email 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the date first written above. 
 INVESTORS 

SOFTBANK GROUP CAPITAL LIMITED 
 
 By Name Stephen Lam 
 Title Director 
 
 Notice Address 

Email 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the date first written above. 
 INVESTORS 

PUCCINI INVESTMENTS HOLDINGS LIMITED 
 
 By Name Title 
 
 Notice Address 
 Email 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the date first written above. 
 INVESTORS 

HAREL INSURANCE COMPANY LTD. (PARTICIPATING FUNDS) 
 
 By Name Title 

HAREL INSURANCE COMPANY LTD. (NOSTRO) 
 
 By Name Title 

TZAVA HAKEVA SAVING FUNDS PROVIDENT FUNDS MANAGEMENT COMPANY LTD. (ON BEHALF OF TZVA HAKEVA SAVINGS FUND) 
 
 By Name Title 

LEATID PENSION FUNDS MANAGEMENT COMPANY LTD. (ON BEHALF OF ATIDIT PENSION FUND) 
 
 By Name Title 

Notice Address 
 
 Email 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the date first written above. 
 INVESTORS 

HAREL PENSION AND PROVIDENT LTD. (ON BEHALF OF HAREL PENSION) 
 
 By Name Title 

HAREL PENSION AND PROVIDENT LTD. (ON BEHALF OF HAREL PROVIDENT FUND) 
 
 By Name Title 

HAREL PENSION AND PROVIDENT LTD. (ON BEHALF OF HAREL GENERAL PLAN) 
 
 By Name Title 

Notice Address 
 
 Email 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the date first written above. 
 INVESTORS 

HAREL PENSION AND PROVIDENT LTD. (ON BEHALF OF HAREL STUDY FUND) 
 
 By Name Title 

HAREL PENSION AND PROVIDENT LTD. (ON BEHALF OF HAREL PROVIDENT INVESTMENT) 
 
 By Name Title 

HAREL PENSION AND PROVIDENT LTD. (ON BEHALF OF HAREL PROVIDENT INVESTMENT FOR CHILDREN) 
 
 By Name Title 

Notice Address 
 
 Email 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the date first written above. 
 INVESTORS 

OURCROWD (INVESTMENT IN LEMON), L.P. 
 
 By 
 its General Partner 
 By 
 Name 
 Title 

OURCROWD INTERNATIONAL INVESTMENT III, L.P. 
 
 By 
 its General Partner 
 By 
 Name 
 Title 

OURCROWD 50, L.P. 
 
 By 
 its General Partner 
 By 
 Name 
 Title 
 Notice Address 
 Email 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the date first written above. 
 
 INVESTORS 
 
 CHEWY INSURANCE SERVICES, LLC 
 
 By 
 Name Nilesh Telang 
 Title Senior Director, Category Management 
 
 Notice Address 
 Name Chewy Insurance Services, LLC 
 
 Email 
 Attn General Counsel 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties have executed this Agreement as of the date first above written. 
 
 KEY HOLDERS DANIEL SCHREIBER 
 Notice Address 
 
 Email 

DAN AND DAN LTD. 
 Notice Address 
 
 Email 

SHAI WININGER 
 Notice Address 
 
 Email 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties have executed this Agreement as of the date first above written. 
 KEY HOLDERS 

LEMONADE 18, LLC 
 
 By 
 Name 
 Title 
 
 Notice Address 
 Email 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties have executed this Agreement as of the date first above written. 
 KEY HOLDERS 

DAVID SCHREIBER 
 Notice Address 
 Email 

RUTH SCHREIBER 
 Notice Address 
 Email 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties have executed this Agreement as of the date first above written. 
 KEY HOLDERS 

MSR 2019, LLC 
 
 By 
 Name 
 Title 
 Notice Address 
 Email 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties have executed this Agreement as of the date first above written. 
 KEY HOLDERS 

MSR LEMONADE I, LLC 
 
 By 
 Name 
 Title 
 Notice Address 
 Email 

SCHEDULE A 

SCHEDULE OF INVESTORS 

Aleph, L.P. 
 Aleph-Aleph, L.P. 
 Sequoia Capital Israel Venture V Holdings, L.P. XL Innovate Fund, L.P. 
 General Catalyst Group VIII, L.P. 
 General Catalyst Group VIII Supplemental, L.P. Thrive Capital Partners V, L.P. 
 Claremount V Associates, L.P. GV 2016, L.P. 
 GV 2019, L.P. 
 Tusk Venture Partners I LP Tusk Ventures L SPV LP Tusk Ventures LLC 
 Tusk Ventures Lemonade SPV II LLC Sound Ventures II, LLC 
 Alexa von Tobel 
 Annox Capital, LLC (Delaware LLC) Elevator Ventures Holdings Ltd. 
 MSR Global Limited Orit Wininger Shlomo Schindelheim 
 Allianz Strategic Investments s.a.r.l. SoftBank Group Capital Limited Puccini Investments Holdings Limited OurCrowd (Investment in Lemon), L.P. 
 OurCrowd International Investment III, L.P. OurCrowd 50, L.P. 
 Harel Insurance Company Ltd. Harel Pension and Provident Ltd. 
 Tzava Hakeva Saving Funds Provident Funds Management Company Ltd. Leatid Pension Funds Management Company Ltd. 
 Lemonade 2019-I, LLC Lemonade 2019-II, LLC 
 Chewy Insurance Services, LLC 

SCHEDULE B 

SCHEDULE OF KEY HOLDERS 

Daniel Schreiber Dan and Dan Ltd Shai Wininger Lemonade 18, LLC 
 David and Ruth Schreiber MSR 2019, LLC 
 MSR Lemonade I, LLC 

105674401.8 

</EX-4.2>

<EX-10.36>
 3
 lmndye22ex1036mapfreautoqs.htm
 EX-10.36

Document 

Certain information in this document has been excluded pursuant to Regulation S-K, Item (601)(b)(10) because it is both not material and the type of information that the registrant treats as private or confidential. 

AUTOMOBILE QUOTA SHARE REINSURANCE CONTRACT 
 issued to 
 METROMILE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Wilmington, Delaware 

AUTOMOBILE QUOTA SHARE REINSURANCE CONTRACT 
 
 Article 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 Page 
 Preamble .................................................................................... 
 4 1 Business Covered ....................................................................... 
 4 2 Retention and Limit ................................................................... 
 4 3 Term ........................................................................................... 
 5 4 Special Termination ................................................................... 
 5 5 Run-Off Reinsurers .................................................................... 
 7 6 Territory ..................................................................................... 
 8 7 Exclusions .................................................................................. 
 9 8 Special Acceptance .................................................................... 
 11 9 Premium ..................................................................................... 
 11 10 Ceding Commission................................................................... 
 11 11 Reports and Remittances............................................................ 
 11 12 Definitions.................................................................................. 12 13 Extra Contractual Obligations Excess of Policy Limits ............ 
 13 14 Net Retained Liability................................................................ 
 14 15 Original Conditions.................................................................... 
 15 16 No Third Party Rights ................................................................ 
 15 17 Loss Settlements ........................................................................ 
 15 18 Salvage and Subrogation............................................................ 
 15 19 Currency..................................................................................... 16 20 Unauthorized Reinsurance ......................................................... 
 16 21 Taxes .......................................................................................... 
 19 22 Access to Records ...................................................................... 
 19 23 Confidentiality ........................................................................... 
 20 24 Indemnification and Errors and Omissions................................ 
 21 25 Insolvency .................................................................................. 
 21 26 Arbitration.................................................................................. 22 27 Service of Suit............................................................................ 
 24 28 Governing Law .......................................................................... 
 25 29 Entire Agreement ....................................................................... 
 25 30 Non-Waiver................................................................................ 25 31 Intermediary ............................................................................... 
 25 32 Mode of Execution..................................................................... 
 26 Company Signing Block ........................................................... 
 27 Attachments 
 Nuclear Incident Exclusion Clause - Physical Damage - Reinsurance 
 - U.S.A. ...................................................................................... 
 28 

AUTOMOBILE QUOTA SHARE REINSURANCE CONTRACT 

Attachments (Cont d) 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

Nuclear Incident Exclusion Clause - Liability - Reinsurance - U.S.A. 30 
 Pollution Exclusion Clause - Auto Liability Reinsurance 
 (BRMA 39B) 35 
 North American War Exclusion Clause (Reinsurance) 37 
 Trust Agreement Requirements Clause 38 

AUTOMOBILE QUOTA SHARE REINSURANCE CONTRACT 
 (the Contract issued to 
 METROMILE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Wilmington, Delaware 
 (the Company by 
 THE SUBSCRIBING REINSURER(S) IDENTIFIED 
 IN THE INTERESTS AND LIABILITIES AGREEMENT(S) ATTACHED TO AND FORMING PART OF THIS CONTRACT 
 (the Reinsurer 

ARTICLE 1 
 
 BUSINESS COVERED 
 A. This Contract is to indemnify the Company in respect of the liability that may accrue to the Company as a result of loss or losses under Policies classified by the Company as Personal Automobile Liability (including No-Fault) and Personal Automobile Physical Damage insurance, in force at the inception of this Contract, or written or renewed during the term of this Contract by or on behalf of the Company, subject to the terms and conditions herein contained. 
 B. Business reinsured under this Contract is deemed to include coverages extended for non- resident drivers where applicable under the Motor Vehicle Financial Responsibility Law, the Motor Vehicle Compulsory Insurance Law, or any similar law of any state or province, following the provisions of the Company s Policies when they include or are deemed by law to include so called out of state insurance provisions. 
 ARTICLE 2 
 
 RETENTION AND LIMIT 
 A. 

B. 

C. 

D. 

E. 

ARTICLE 3 
 
 TERM 
 A. This Contract shall take effect January 1, 2022, and shall remain in effect until June 30, 2023, both days inclusive, for all Loss Occurrences commencing during the term of this Contract. 
 B. The Reinsurer shall have no liability for Loss Occurrences commencing after expiration of this Contract. 
 
 ARTICLE 4 
 
 SPECIAL TERMINATION 
 A. The Company may terminate a Subscribing Reinsurer s percentage share in this Contract at any time by giving written notice to the Subscribing Reinsurer in the event of any of the following circumstances 
 
 1. The Subscribing Reinsurer ceases underwriting operations. 
 2. A state insurance department or other legal authority orders the Subscribing Reinsurer to cease writing business, or the Subscribing Reinsurer is placed under regulatory supervision. 
 3. The Subscribing Reinsurer has become insolvent or has been placed into liquidation or receivership (whether voluntary or involuntary), or there have been instituted against it proceedings for the appointment of a receiver, liquidator, rehabilitator, conservator, trustee in bankruptcy, or other agent known by whatever name, to take possession of its assets or control of its operations. 
 4. The Subscribing Reinsurer s policyholders surplus (or the equivalent under the Subscribing Reinsurer s accounting system) as reported in such financial statements of the Subscribing Reinsurer as designated by the Company, has been reduced by 

20 of the amount thereof at any date during the prior 12-month period (including the period prior to the inception of this Contract). 
 5. The Subscribing Reinsurer has merged with or has become acquired or controlled by any company, corporation, or individual(s) not controlling the Subscribing Reinsurer s operations at the inception of this Contract. 
 6. The Subscribing Reinsurer has retroceded its entire liability under this Contract without the Company s prior written consent, except for retrocessions to members of the Subscribing Reinsurer s holding company group. 
 7. The Subscribing Reinsurer has been assigned an A.M. Best s rating of less than A- and or an S&P rating of less than BBB+. However, as respects Underwriting Members of Lloyd s, London, a Lloyd s Market Rating of less than A- by A.M. Best and or less than BBB+ by S&P shall apply. 
 B. Termination shall be effected on a run-off or cut-off basis at the sole discretion of the Company. The reinsurance premium due the Subscribing Reinsurer hereunder shall be prorated based on the period of the Subscribing Reinsurer s participation hereon, and the Subscribing Reinsurer shall immediately return any excess reinsurance premium received. Reinstatement premium, if any, shall be calculated based on the Subscribing Reinsurer s reinsurance premium earned during the period of the Subscribing Reinsurer s participation hereon. 
 C. Additionally, in the event of any of the circumstances listed in paragraph A of this Article, the Company shall have the option to commute the Subscribing Reinsurer s liability for losses on Policies covered by this Contract. In the event the Company and the Subscribing Reinsurer cannot agree on the commutation amount, they shall appoint an actuary and or appraiser to assess such amount and shall share equally any expense of the actuary and or appraiser. If the Company and the Subscribing Reinsurer cannot agree on an actuary and or appraiser, the Company and the Subscribing Reinsurer each shall nominate three individuals, of whom the other shall decline two, and the final appointment shall be made by drawing lots. Payment by the Subscribing Reinsurer of the amount of liability ascertained shall constitute a complete and final release of both parties in respect of liability arising from the Subscribing Reinsurer s participation under this Contract. 
 D. The Company s option to require commutation under paragraph C above shall survive the termination or expiration of this Contract. 
 ARTICLE 5 
 
 RUN-OFF REINSURERS 
 A. Run-off Reinsurer means any Subscribing Reinsurer that 
 1. has been ordered by a state insurance department or other legal authority to cease writing business, or has been placed under regulatory supervision or in rehabilitation or 
 2. has ceased reinsurance underwriting operations or 
 3. has transferred its claims-paying authority to an unaffiliated entity or 
 4. engages in a process of Scheme of Arrangement or similar procedure related to this Contract, including but not limited to an insurance business transfer scheme pursuant 

to Part VII of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (U.K.), as may be amended from time to time or 
 5. in any other way has assigned its interests or delegated its obligations under this Contract to an unaffiliated entity. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, agreement by a Lloyd s syndicate to follow claim settlements procedures under Lloyd s Claims Scheme (Combined) shall not constitute a transfer of its claims-paying authority, for purposes of subparagraphs (3) and (5) of this paragraph. 
 B. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Contract, in the event that a Subscribing Reinsurer becomes a Run-off Reinsurer at any time, the Company may elect, by giving written notice to the Run-off Reinsurer at any time thereafter, that all or any of the following shall apply to the Run-off Reinsurer s participation hereunder 
 1. If the Run-off Reinsurer does not pay a claim or raise a query concerning the claim within 30 days of billing, it shall be estopped from denying such claim and must pay immediately. 
 2. If payment of any claim has been received from Subscribing Reinsurers constituting at least of the interests and liabilities of all Subscribing Reinsurers that participated on this Contract and are active as of the due date it being understood that said date shall not be later than 90 days from the date of transmittal by the Intermediary of the initial billing for each such payment, the Run-off Reinsurer shall be estopped from denying such claim and must pay within 10 days following transmittal to the Run-off Reinsurer of written notification of such payments. For purposes of this subparagraph, a Subscribing Reinsurer shall be deemed to be active if it is not a Run-off Reinsurer. 
 3. Should the Run-off Reinsurer refuse to pay claims as required by subparagraphs 1 and or 2 above, the interest penalty specified in the Late Payments Article shall be increased by for each 30 days that a payment is past due, subject to a maximum increase of . 
 4. The Run-off Reinsurer s liability for losses for Policies covered by this Contract shall be commuted. In the event the Company and the Run-off Reinsurer cannot agree on the commutation amount of the Run-off Reinsurer s liability under such Policies, they shall appoint an actuary and or appraiser to assess such liability and shall share equally any expense of the actuary and or appraiser. If the Company and the Run-off Reinsurer cannot agree on an actuary and or appraiser, the Company and the Run-off Reinsurer each shall nominate three individuals, of whom the other shall decline two, and the final appointment shall be made by drawing lots. Payment by the Run-off Reinsurer of the amount of liability ascertained shall constitute a complete and final release of both parties under this Contract. 
 5. The Run-off Reinsurer shall have no right of access to the Records of the Company if the Run-off Reinsurer has denied payment of any claim hereunder or there is a pending arbitration between the Company and the Run-off Reinsurer regarding any claim hereunder. A reservation of rights shall be considered a denial of a claim. 
 6. The Run-off Reinsurer shall immediately provide funding of liabilities (the Reinsurer s Obligations as set forth in the Unauthorized Reinsurance Article. This 

subparagraph does not apply to the Run-off Reinsurer to the extent that the Run-off Reinsurer has already provided funding under the Unauthorized Reinsurance Article. 
 7. The provisions of the Arbitration Article shall not apply. 
 
 ARTICLE 6 
 
 TERRITORY 
 The territorial limits of this Contract shall be identical with those of the Company s Policies. 

ARTICLE 7 
 
 EXCLUSIONS 
 A. This Contract shall not apply to and specifically excludes 
 1. Liability assumed by the Company under any form of treaty reinsurance however, group intra-company reinsurance (including inter-company pooling arrangements, if applicable), and local agency reinsurance accepted in the normal course of business shall not be excluded hereunder. 
 2. Business written to apply in excess of a deductible of more than 5,000, and business issued to apply specifically in excess over underlying insurance. 
 3. Losses excluded by the attached Nuclear Incident Exclusion Clause Physical Damage Reinsurance U.S.A. 
 4. Losses excluded by the attached Nuclear Incident Exclusion Clause Liability Reinsurance U.S.A. 
 5. Losses excluded by the attached Pollution Exclusion Clause Auto Liability Reinsurance. 
 6. Losses excluded by the attached North American War Exclusion Clause (Reinsurance). 
 7. Liability of the Company arising by contract, operation of law, or otherwise, from its participation or membership, whether voluntary or involuntary, in any Insolvency Fund. Insolvency Fund includes any guaranty fund, insolvency fund, plan, pool, association, fund or other arrangement, howsoever denominated, established or governed, that provides for any assessment of or payment or assumption by the Company of part or all of any claim, debt, charge, fee, or other obligation of an insurer, or its successors or assigns, that has been declared by any competent authority to be insolvent, or that is otherwise deemed unable to meet any claim, debt, charge, fee or other obligation in whole or in part. 
 8. Liability as a member, subscriber or Reinsurer of any Pool, Syndicate or Association. However, this exclusion shall not apply to Assigned Risk Plan business as set forth in paragraph B below. 
 9. Automobile Insurance written to cover the ownership, maintenance or use of 

a. a taxicab, limousine, public livery, bus or ride sharing service, including but not limited to Uber or Lyft 
 
 b. an ambulance, fire department or law enforcement, private emergency vehicle or other municipal equipment, 
 c. a racing or exhibition vehicle, 
 d. commercial automobiles, except service vehicles used by Craftsmen and Artisans up to a maximum of one ton, 
 e. risks engaged in the transportation or distribution of fuels munitions and or explosives such as, but not limited to liquid hydrogen, nitrogen, chlorine, fireworks, fuses, dynamite, nitroglycerine, ammonia nitrate, anhydrous, ammonia, celluloid, pyroxolin, or their derivatives, LPG, butane, propane and gasoline, 
 f. recreational vehicles which will include but are not limited to road buggies, dune buggies, caravans, motor coaches, mobile homes and motor homes, 
 g. motorcycles, 
 h. Delivery Quick Service Vehicle Exclusion (e.g. Pizza Delivery). 
 10. Any automobile not classified as private passenger automobile. 
 11. Any transportation, hauling and or handling of any Hazardous Waste and or Hazardous Materials, as these terms are defined or determined by the United States Environmental Protection Agency EPA and or the applicable equivalent of a State EPA of the state in which the insured is insured or domiciled and or the location of the loss. 
 B. Where the excluded class and or operation constitutes an incidental (less than 10 part of an insured s regular operations, except as respects subparagraphs A(3), A(4), A(5), A(6), A(7) and A(8) above, the exclusions shall not apply. 
 C. Policies or coverages excluded under the provisions of this Article which are inadvertently issued or issued in error or issued without the Company s knowledge and consent shall be covered hereunder, except as respects subparagraphs A(3), A(4), A(5), A(6), A(7) and A(8) above, provided such Policies are cancelled or reinsured elsewhere as soon as possible upon the Company s Home Office Underwriting Management becoming aware that they are excluded. 
 D. Where the Company is required by any regulatory authority to participate in residual market mechanisms, including any assigned risk plan or similar mandatory coverage plan covering a class or operation otherwise excluded hereunder, the relevant exclusions, except as respects subparagraphs A(3), A(4), A(5), A(6), A(7) and A(8) above, shall not apply provided that the Policy limits on Company s Policies are no greater than the statutory minimum limits. 
 
 E. In the event a court of competent jurisdiction or regulatory entity invalidates any exclusion contained in the Policy, this Contract shall follow the fortunes of the court s decision and that exclusion shall not apply to this Contract. 

ARTICLE 8 
 
 SPECIAL ACCEPTANCE 
 Business that is not within the scope of this Contract may be submitted to the Reinsurer for special acceptance hereunder, and such business, if accepted by the Reinsurer shall be covered hereunder, subject to the terms and conditions of this Contract, except as modified by the special acceptance. The Reinsurer shall be deemed to have accepted a risk, if it has not responded within five business days after receiving the underwriting information on such risk. Any renewal of a special acceptance agreed to for a predecessor contract to this Contract, shall automatically be covered hereunder. 
 
 ARTICLE 9 
 
 PREMIUM 
 The Company shall cede to the Reinsurer its exact proportion of the Gross Net Earned Premium Income for the Contract. 
 
 ARTICLE 10 
 
 CEDING COMMISSION 
 The Reinsurer shall allow the Company a commission on all premiums ceded to the Reinsurer hereunder. This commission includes an allowance for taxes, boards, bureau fees, brokerage and any other expenses which are the obligation of the Company under the Policies, except Loss Adjustment Expenses. The Company shall allow the Reinsurer return commission on return premiums at the same rate. 
 
 ARTICLE 11 
 
 REPORTS AND REMITTANCES 
 A. 1. Within 30 days following the end of each quarter, the Company shall furnish the Reinsurer with a report summarizing 
 a. reinsurance premium on Gross Net Earned Premium Income for the Contract during the quarter less 
 b. the ceding commission as provided for in this Contract less 
 
 c. ceded loss and Loss Adjustment Expense paid during the quarter less 
 d. Extra Contractual Obligations and Loss in Excess of Policy Limits paid during the quarter plus 
 e. ceded subrogation, salvage, inuring reinsurance or other recoveries during the quarter and 
 f. any required adjustment to account for the limitations set forth in the Retention and Limit Article and 
 g. the net balance due either party. 

2. The net balance shall be paid within 45 days after the close of the respective quarter. 
 3. In addition, the Company shall furnish the Reinsurer with a quarterly statement showing the unearned premium reserves, and the reserves for outstanding losses and Loss Adjustment Expense (including Incurred But Not Reported). The Company shall also provide the Reinsurer with such other information as may be required by the Reinsurer for completion of its financial statements. 
 B. Should the amount recoverable under this Contract exceed 250,000 as respects any one loss, the Company may give the Reinsurer notice of payment made or its intention to make payment on a certain date. If the Company has paid the loss, payment shall be made by the Reinsurer within three business days. If the Company intends to pay the loss by a certain date and has submitted a proof of loss or similar document, payment shall be due from the Reinsurer 24 hours prior to that date, provided the Reinsurer has a period of five business days after receipt of said notice to dispatch the payment. Cash loss amounts specifically remitted by the Reinsurer as set forth herein shall be credited to the next quarterly account. 
 ARTICLE 12 
 
 DEFINITIONS 
 A. Loss Adjustment Expense means costs and expenses incurred by the Company in connection with the investigation, appraisal, adjustment, settlement, litigation, defense or appeal of a specific claim or loss, or alleged loss, including but not limited to 
 1. court costs 
 2. costs of supersede as and appeal bonds 
 3. monitoring counsel expenses 
 4. legal expenses and costs incurred in connection with coverage questions and legal actions connected thereto, including but not limited to declaratory judgment actions 
 
 5. post-judgment interest 
 6. pre-judgment interest, unless included as part of an award or judgment 
 7. a pro rata share of salaries and expenses of Company field employees, calculated in accordance with the time occupied in adjusting such loss, and expenses of other Company employees who have been temporarily diverted from their normal and customary duties and assigned to the field adjustment of losses covered by this Contract and 
 8. subrogation, salvage and recovery expenses. 
 Loss Adjustment Expense does not include salaries and expenses of the Company s employees, except as provided in subparagraph (7) above, and office and other overhead expenses. 
 B. Loss Occurrence means any one disaster or casualty or accident or loss or series of disasters or casualties or accidents or losses arising out of or caused by one event. The Company shall be the sole judge of what constitutes one event. 

C. Acts of Terrorism as used herein shall follow the definitions provided in the Terrorism Risk Insurance Act of 2002, as amended TRIA ). 
 D. Gross Net Earned Premium Income means gross earned premium of the Company for the classes of business reinsured hereunder, less the earned portion of premiums ceded by the Company for reinsurance that inures to the benefit of this Contract. 
 E. Policy means any binder, policy, or contract of insurance or reinsurance issued, assumed (reinsurance from an affiliate, including through intercompany pooling), accepted or held covered provisionally or otherwise, by or on behalf of the Company. 
 F. Losses Incurred means losses under the Policies, Loss Adjustment Expenses, Extra Contractual Obligations and Loss in Excess of Policy Limits. 
 ARTICLE 13 
 
 EXTRA CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS EXCESS OF POLICY LIMITS 
 A. This Contract shall cover Extra Contractual Obligations, as provided in the Retention and Limit Article. Extra Contractual Obligations shall be defined as those liabilities not covered under any other provision of this Contract and that arise from the handling of any claim on business covered hereunder, such liabilities arising because of, but not limited to, the following failure by the Company to settle within the Policy limit, or by reason of alleged or actual negligence, fraud or bad faith in rejecting an offer of settlement or in the preparation of the defense or in the trial of any action against its insured or reinsured or in the preparation or prosecution of an appeal consequent upon such action. 
 
 B. This Contract shall cover Loss in Excess of Policy Limits, as provided in the Retention and Limit Article. Loss in Excess of Policy Limits shall be defined as Loss in excess of the Policy limit, having been incurred because of, but not limited to, failure by the Company to settle within the Policy limit or by reason of alleged or actual negligence, fraud or bad faith in rejecting an offer of settlement or in the preparation of the defense or in the trial of any action against its insured or reinsured or in the preparation or prosecution of an appeal consequent upon such action. 
 C. An Extra Contractual Obligation and or Loss in Excess of Policy Limits shall be deemed to have occurred on the same date as the loss covered under the Company s Policy, and shall constitute part of the loss. 
 D. For the purposes of the Loss in Excess of Policy Limits coverage hereunder, the word Loss shall mean any amounts for which the Company would have been contractually liable to pay had it not been for the limit of the Policy. 
 E. Loss Adjustment Expense in respect of Extra Contractual Obligations and or Loss in Excess of Policy Limits shall be covered hereunder in the same manner as other Loss Adjustment Expense. 
 F. However, this Article shall not apply where the loss has been incurred due to final legal adjudication of fraud of a member of the Board of Directors or a corporate officer of the Company acting individually or collectively or in collusion with any individual or corporation or any other organization or party involved in the presentation, defense or settlement of any claim covered hereunder. 
 G. In no event shall coverage be provided to the extent not permitted under law. 

ARTICLE 14 
 
 NET RETAINED LIABILITY 
 A. This Contract applies only to that portion of any loss that the Company retains net for its own account (prior to deduction of any reinsurance that inures solely to the benefit of the Company). 
 B. The Company shall be permitted to carry catastrophe reinsurance, recoveries under which shall inure to the sole benefit of the Company and shall be entirely disregarded in applying all of the provisions of this Contract. 
 C. The amount of the Reinsurer s liability hereunder in respect of any loss or losses shall not be increased by reason of the inability of the Company to collect from any other reinsurer(s), whether specific or general, any amounts that may have become due from such reinsurer(s), whether such inability arises from the insolvency of such other reinsurer(s) or otherwise. 
 
 ARTICLE 15 
 
 ORIGINAL CONDITIONS 
 All reinsurance under this Contract shall be subject to the same rates, terms, conditions, waivers and interpretations, and to the same modifications and alterations as the respective Policies of the Company. However, in no event shall this be construed in any way to provide coverage outside the terms and conditions set forth in this Contract. 
 
 ARTICLE 16 
 
 NO THIRD PARTY RIGHTS 
 This Contract is solely between the Company and the Reinsurer, and in no instance shall any insured, claimant or other third party have any rights under this Contract except as may be expressly provided otherwise herein. 

ARTICLE 17 
 
 LOSS SETTLEMENTS 
 A. The Company alone and at its full discretion shall adjust, settle or compromise all claims and losses. 
 B. As respects losses subject to this Contract, all loss settlements made by the Company, whether under strict Policy terms or by way of compromise, and any Extra Contractual Obligations and or Loss in Excess of Policy Limits, shall be binding upon the Reinsurer, and the Reinsurer agrees to pay or allow, as the case may be, its share of each such settlement in accordance with this Contract. 
 ARTICLE 18 
 
 SALVAGE AND SUBROGATION 
 A. Salvages and all recoveries (including amounts due from all reinsurances that inure to the benefit of this Contract, whether recovered or not), shall be first deducted from any loss to arrive at the amount of liability attaching hereunder. 
 B. All salvages, recoveries or payments recovered or received subsequent to loss settlement hereunder shall be applied as if recovered or received prior to the aforesaid settlement, and all necessary adjustments shall be made by the parties hereto. 
 
 ARTICLE 19 
 
 CURRENCY 
 A. Where the word Dollars and or the sign appear in this Contract, they shall mean United States Dollars, and all payments hereunder shall be in United States Dollars. 
 B. For purposes of this Contract, where the Company receives premiums or pays losses in currencies other than United States Dollars, such premiums or losses shall be converted into United States Dollars at the actual rates of exchange at which these premiums or losses are entered in the Company s books. 
 ARTICLE 20 
 
 UNAUTHORIZED REINSURANCE 
 A. This Article applies only to the extent a Subscribing Reinsurer does not qualify for credit with any insurance regulatory authority having jurisdiction over the Company s reserves. 
 B. The Company agrees, in respect of its Policies or bonds falling within the scope of this Contract, that when it files with its insurance regulatory authority, or sets up on its books liabilities as required by law, it shall forward to the Reinsurer a statement showing the proportion of such liabilities applicable to the Reinsurer. The Reinsurer s Obligations shall be defined as follows 
 1. unearned premium (if applicable) 
 2. known outstanding losses that have been reported to the Reinsurer and Loss Adjustment Expense relating thereto 

3. losses and Loss Adjustment Expense paid by the Company but not recovered from the Reinsurer 
 4. losses incurred but not reported and Loss Adjustment Expense relating thereto 
 5. all other amounts for which the Company cannot take credit on its financial statements unless funding is provided by the Reinsurer. 
 C. The Reinsurer s Obligations shall be funded by funds withheld, cash advances, Trust Agreement or a Letter of Credit (LOC). The Reinsurer shall have the option of determining the method of funding provided it is acceptable to the insurance regulatory authorities having jurisdiction over the Company s reserves. 
 D. When funding by Trust Agreement, the Reinsurer shall ensure that the Trust Agreement complies with the provisions of the Trust Agreement Requirements Clause attached hereto. When funding by an LOC, the Reinsurer agrees to apply for and secure timely delivery to the Company of a clean, irrevocable and unconditional LOC issued by a bank and containing provisions acceptable to the insurance regulatory authorities having jurisdiction over the Company s reserves in an amount equal to the Reinsurer s Obligations. Such LOC shall be issued for a period of not less than one year, and shall be automatically extended for one year from its date of expiration or any future expiration date unless 30 days (or such other time period as may be required by insurance regulatory authorities), prior to any expiration date the issuing bank shall notify the Company by certified or registered mail that the issuing bank elects not to consider the LOC extended for any additional period. 
 E. The Reinsurer and the Company agree that any funding provided by the Reinsurer pursuant to a Letter of Credit may be drawn upon at any time, notwithstanding any other provision of this Contract, and be utilized by the Company or any successor, by operation of law, of the Company including, without limitation, any liquidator, rehabilitator, receiver or conservator of the Company, for the following purposes 
 1. to reimburse the Company for the Reinsurer s Obligations, the payment of which is due under the terms of this Contract and that has not been otherwise paid 
 2. to make refund of any sum that is in excess of the actual amount required to pay the Reinsurer s Obligations under this Contract 
 3. to fund an account with the Company for the Reinsurer s Obligations. Such cash deposit shall be held in an interest bearing account separate from the Company s other assets, and interest thereon not in excess of the prime rate shall accrue to the benefit of the Reinsurer. Any taxes payable on accrued interest shall be paid out of the assets in the account that are in excess of the Reinsurer s Obligations. If the assets are inadequate to pay taxes, any taxes due shall be paid or reimbursed by the Reinsurer 
 4. to pay the Reinsurer s share of any other amounts the Company claims are due under this Contract. 
 F. If the amount drawn by the Company is in excess of the actual amount required for E(1) or E(3), or in the case of E(4), the actual amount determined to be due, the Company shall promptly return to the Reinsurer the excess amount so drawn. All of the foregoing shall be applied without diminution because of insolvency on the part of the Company or the Reinsurer. 

G. The issuing bank shall have no responsibility whatsoever in connection with the propriety of withdrawals made by the Company or the disposition of funds withdrawn, except to ensure that withdrawals are made only upon the order of properly authorized representatives of the Company. 
 H. The Reinsurer and the Company agree that any funding provided by the Reinsurer pursuant to a Trust Agreement may be drawn upon at any time, notwithstanding any other provision of this Contract, and be utilized by the Company or any successor, by operation of law, of the Company including, without limitation, any liquidator, rehabilitator, receiver or conservator of the Company, for the following purposes 
 1. to reimburse the Company for any losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses, the payment of which is due under the terms of this Contract and that has not been otherwise paid, or for unearned premiums due to Company if not otherwise paid by the Reinsurer 
 2. to make refund of any sum held in the Trust Account that is in excess of 102 of the Reinsurer s Obligations 
 3. Where the Company has received notification of termination of the Trust Account and where the Reinsurer s Obligations remain unliquidated and undischarged ten (10) days prior to the termination date, to withdraw amounts equal to the Reinsurer s Obligations and deposit those amounts in a separate account, in the name of the Company in any qualified U.S. financial institution (as defined in 18 Del. C. 913(b)) apart from its general assets. 
 4. to pay the Reinsurer s share of any other amounts the Company claims are due under this Contract. 
 I. If the amount drawn by the Company is in excess of the actual amount required or the actual amount determined to be due, the Company shall promptly return to the Reinsurer the excess amount so drawn. All of the foregoing shall be applied without diminution because of insolvency on the part of the Company or the Reinsurer. 
 J. At annual intervals, or more frequently at the discretion of the Company, but never more frequently than quarterly, the Company shall prepare a specific statement of the Reinsurer s Obligations for the sole purpose of amending the LOC or other method of funding, in the following manner 
 1. If the statement shows that the Reinsurer s Obligations exceed the balance of the LOC as of the statement date, the Reinsurer shall, within 30 days after receipt of the statement, secure delivery to the Company of an amendment to the LOC increasing the amount of credit by the amount of such difference. Should another method of funding be used, the Reinsurer shall, within the time period outlined above, increase such funding by the amount of such difference. 
 2. If, however, the statement shows that the Reinsurer s Obligations are less than the balance of the LOC (or that 102 of the Reinsurer s Obligations are less than the trust account balance if funding is provided by a Trust Agreement), as of the statement date, the Company shall, within 30 days after receipt of written request from the Reinsurer, release such excess credit by agreeing to secure an amendment to the LOC reducing the amount of credit available by the amount of such excess credit. 
 
 Should another method of funding be used, the Company shall, within the time period outlined above, decrease such funding by the amount of such excess. 

ARTICLE 21 
 
 TAXES 
 A. In consideration of the terms under which this Contract is issued, the Company undertakes not to claim any deduction of the premium hereon when making Canadian tax returns or when making tax returns, other than Income or Profits Tax returns, to any state or territory of the United States of America or to the District of Columbia. 
 
 B. 1. Each Subscribing Reinsurer has agreed to allow, for the purpose of paying the Federal Excise Tax, the applicable percentage of the premium payable hereon (as imposed under the Internal Revenue Code) to the extent such premium is subject to Federal Excise Tax. 
 2. In the event of any return of premium becoming due hereunder, the Subscribing Reinsurer shall deduct the applicable percentage of the premium from the amount of the return, and the Company or its agent should take steps to recover the Tax from the 
 U.S. Government. 
 
 ARTICLE 22 
 
 ACCESS TO RECORDS 
 A. The Reinsurer or its duly authorized representatives shall have the right to visit the offices of the Company to inspect, examine, audit, and verify any of the policy, accounting or claim files Records relating to business reinsured under this Contract during regular business hours after giving five working days prior notice. This right shall be exercisable during the term of this Contract or after the expiration of this Contract. Notwithstanding the above, the Reinsurer shall not have any right of access to the Records of the Company if it is not current in all undisputed payments due the Company. 
 B. Notwithstanding the above, the Company reserves the right to withhold from the Reinsurer any Privileged Documents. However, the Company shall permit and not object to the Reinsurer s access to Privileged Documents in connection with the underlying claim reinsured hereunder following final settlement or final adjudication of the case or cases involving such claim, with prejudice against all claimants and all parties to such adjudications the Company may defer release of such Privileged Documents if there are subrogation, contribution, or other third party actions with respect to that claim or case, and the Company s defense might be jeopardized by release of such Privileged Documents. In the event that the Company seeks to defer release of such Privileged Documents, it shall, in consultation with the Reinsurer, take other steps as reasonably necessary to provide the Reinsurer with the information it reasonably requires to indemnify the Company without causing a loss of such privileges or protections. The Reinsurer shall not have access to Privileged Documents relating to any dispute between the Company and the Reinsurer. 
 C. For purposes of this Article 
 1. Privileged Documents means any documents that are Attorney-Client Privilege Documents and or Work Product Privilege Documents. 
 2. Attorney-Client Privilege Documents means communications of a confidential nature between (a) the Company, or anyone retained by or at the direction of the Company, or its in-house or outside legal counsel, or anyone in the control of such legal counsel, and (b) any in-house or outside legal counsel, if such communications 

relate to legal advice being sought by the Company and or contain legal advice being provided to the Company. 
 3. Work Product Privilege Documents means communications, written materials and tangible things prepared by or for in-house or outside counsel, or prepared by or for the Company, in anticipation of or in connection with litigation, arbitration, or other dispute resolution proceedings. 
 ARTICLE 23 
 
 CONFIDENTIALITY 
 A. The Reinsurer hereby acknowledges that the documents, information and data provided to it by the Company, whether directly or through an authorized agent, in connection with the placement and execution of this Contract Confidential Information are proprietary and confidential to the Company. Confidential Information shall not include documents, information or data that the Reinsurer can show 
 1. are publicly known or have become publicly known through no unauthorized act of the Reinsurer 
 2. have been rightfully received from a third person without obligation of confidentiality or 
 3. were known by the Reinsurer prior to the placement of this Contract without an obligation of confidentiality. 
 B. Absent the written consent of the Company, the Reinsurer shall not disclose any Confidential Information to any third parties, including any affiliated companies, except 
 1. when required by retrocessionaires as respects business ceded to this Contract 
 2. when required by regulators performing an audit of the Reinsurer s records and or financial condition or 
 
 3. when required by external auditors performing an audit of the Reinsurer s records in the normal course of business. 
 Further, the Reinsurer agrees not to use any Confidential Information for any purpose not related to the performance of its obligations or enforcement of its rights under this Contract. 
 C. Notwithstanding the above, in the event that the Reinsurer is required by court order, other legal process or any regulatory authority to release or disclose any or all of the Confidential Information, the Reinsurer agrees to provide the Company with written notice of same at least 10 days prior to such release or disclosure and to use its best efforts to assist the Company in maintaining the confidentiality provided for in this Article. 
 D. The provisions of this Article shall extend to the officers, directors and employees of the Reinsurer and its affiliates, and shall be binding upon their successors and assigns. 

ARTICLE 24 
 
 INDEMNIFICATION AND ERRORS AND OMISSIONS 
 A. The Reinsurer is reinsuring, subject to the terms and conditions of this Contract, the obligations of the Company under any Policy. The Company shall be the sole judge as to 
 1. what shall constitute a claim or loss covered under any Policy 
 2. the Company s liability thereunder 
 3. the amount or amounts that it shall be proper for the Company to pay thereunder. 
 B. The Reinsurer shall be bound by the judgment of the Company as to the obligation(s) and liability(ies) of the Company under any Policy. 
 C. Any inadvertent error, omission or delay in complying with the terms and conditions of this Contract shall not be held to relieve either party hereto from any liability that would attach to it hereunder if such error, omission or delay had not been made, provided such error, omission or delay is rectified immediately upon discovery. 
 ARTICLE 25 
 
 INSOLVENCY 
 A. If more than one reinsured company is referenced within the definition of Company in the Preamble to this Contract, this Article shall apply severally to each such company. Further, this Article and the laws of the domiciliary state shall apply in the event of the insolvency of any company covered hereunder. In the event of a conflict between any provision of this Article and the laws of the domiciliary state of any company covered hereunder, that domiciliary state s laws shall prevail. 
 B. In the event of the insolvency of the Company, this reinsurance (or the portion of any risk or obligation assumed by the Reinsurer, if required by applicable law) shall be payable directly to the Company, or to its liquidator, receiver, conservator or statutory successor, either (1) on the basis of the liability of the Company, or (2) on the basis of claims filed and allowed in the liquidation proceeding, whichever may be required by applicable statute, without diminution because of the insolvency of the Company or because the liquidator, receiver, conservator or statutory successor of the Company has failed to pay all or a portion of any claim. It is agreed, however, that the liquidator, receiver, conservator or statutory successor of the Company shall give written notice to the Reinsurer of the pendency of a claim against the Company indicating the Policy or bond reinsured, which claim would involve a possible liability on the part of the Reinsurer within a reasonable time after such claim is filed in the conservation or liquidation proceeding or in the receivership, and that during the pendency of such claim, the Reinsurer may investigate such claim and interpose, at its own expense, in the proceeding where such claim is to be adjudicated any defense or defenses that it may deem available to the Company or its liquidator, receiver, conservator or statutory successor. The expense thus incurred by the Reinsurer shall be chargeable, subject to the approval of the court, against the Company as part of the expense of conservation or liquidation to the extent of a pro rata share of the benefit that may accrue to the Company solely as a result of the defense undertaken by the Reinsurer. 

C. Where two or more reinsurers are involved in the same claim and a majority in interest elect to interpose defense to such claim, the expense shall be apportioned in accordance with the terms of this reinsurance Contract as though such expense had been incurred by the Company. 
 D. As to all reinsurance made, ceded, renewed or otherwise becoming effective under this Contract, the reinsurance shall be payable as set forth above by the Reinsurer to the Company or to its liquidator, receiver, conservator or statutory successor, or except (1) where the Contract specifically provides another payee in the event of the insolvency of the Company, or (2) where the Reinsurer, with the consent of the direct insured or insureds, has assumed such Policy obligations of the Company as direct obligations of the Reinsurer to the payees under such Policies and in substitution for the obligations of the Company to such payees. 
 
 ARTICLE 26 
 
 ARBITRATION 
 A. Any dispute arising out of the interpretation, performance or breach of this Contract, including the formation or validity thereof, shall be submitted for decision to a panel of three arbitrators. Notice requesting arbitration shall be in writing and sent certified or registered mail, return receipt requested. 
 B. One arbitrator shall be chosen by each party and the two arbitrators shall then choose an impartial third arbitrator who shall preside at the hearing. If either party fails to appoint its arbitrator within 30 days after being requested to do so by the other party, the latter, after 10 days prior notice by certified or registered mail of its intention to do so, may appoint the second arbitrator. 
 C. If the two arbitrators do not agree on a third arbitrator within 60 days of their appointment, the third arbitrator shall be chosen in accordance with the procedures for selecting the third arbitrator in force on the date the arbitration is demanded, established by the AIDA Reinsurance and Insurance Arbitration Society U.S. (ARIAS). The arbitrators shall be persons knowledgeable about insurance and reinsurance who have no personal or financial interest in the result of the arbitration. If a member of the panel dies, becomes disabled or is otherwise unwilling or unable to serve, a substitute shall be selected in the same manner as the departing member was chosen and the arbitration shall continue. 
 D. Within 30 days after all arbitrators have been appointed, the panel shall meet and determine timely periods for briefs, discovery procedures and schedules of hearings. 
 E. The panel shall be relieved of all judicial formality and shall not be bound by the strict rules of procedure and evidence. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Contract, the arbitrators may at their discretion, consider underwriting and placement information provided by the Company to the Reinsurer, as well as any correspondence exchanged by the parties that is related to this Contract. The arbitration shall take place in Wilmington, Delaware, or at such other place as the parties shall agree. The decision of any two arbitrators shall be in writing and shall be final and binding. The panel is empowered to grant interim relief as it may deem appropriate. 
 F. The panel shall interpret this Contract as an honorable engagement rather than as merely a legal obligation and shall make its decision considering the custom and practice of the applicable insurance and reinsurance business as promptly as possible after the hearings. Judgment upon an award may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof. 

G. Each party shall bear the expense of its own arbitrator and shall jointly and equally bear with the other party the cost of the third arbitrator. The remaining costs of the arbitration shall be allocated by the panel. The panel may, at its discretion, award such further costs and expenses as it considers appropriate, including but not limited to attorneys fees, to the extent permitted by law. 
 
 ARTICLE 27 
 
 SERVICE OF SUIT 
 A. This Article applies only to those Subscribing Reinsurers not domiciled in the United States of America, and or not authorized in any state, territory and or district of the United States of America where authorization is required by insurance regulatory authorities. 
 B. This Article shall not be read to conflict with or override the obligations of the parties to arbitrate their disputes as provided for in the Arbitration Article. This Article is intended as an aid to compelling arbitration or enforcing such arbitration or arbitral award, not as an alternative to the Arbitration Article for resolving disputes arising out of this Contract. 
 C. In the event of the failure of the Reinsurer to perform its obligations hereunder, the Reinsurer, at the request of the Company, shall submit to the jurisdiction of a court of competent jurisdiction within the United States. Nothing in this Article constitutes or should be understood to constitute a waiver of the Reinsurer s rights to commence an action in any court of competent jurisdiction in the United States, to remove an action to a United States District Court, or to seek a transfer of a case to another court as permitted by the laws of the United States or of any state in the United States. The Reinsurer, once the appropriate court is selected, whether such court is the one originally chosen by the Company and accepted by the Reinsurer or is determined by removal, transfer, or otherwise, as provided for above, shall comply with all requirements necessary to give said court jurisdiction and, in any suit instituted against the Reinsurer upon this Contract, shall abide by the final decision of such court or of any appellate court in the event of an appeal. 
 D. Service of process in such suit may be made upon 
 1. as respects Underwriting Members of Lloyd s, London Lloyd s America, Inc., Attention Legal Department, 280 Park Avenue, East Tower, 25 th Floor, New York, New York 10017 
 2. as respects any other Subscribing Reinsurer Messrs. Mendes and Mount, 750 Seventh Avenue, New York, New York 10019-6829, or another party specifically designated in the Subscribing Reinsurer s Interests and Liabilities Agreement attached hereto. 
 The above-named are authorized and directed to accept service of process on behalf of the Reinsurer in any such suit. 
 E. Further, pursuant to any statute of any state, territory or district of the United States that makes provision therefor, the Reinsurer hereby designates the Superintendent, Commissioner or Director of Insurance, or other officer specified for that purpose in the statute, or his successor or successors in office, as its true and lawful attorney upon whom may be served any lawful process in any action, suit or proceeding instituted by or on behalf of the Company or any beneficiary hereunder arising out of this Contract, and hereby designates the above-named as the person to whom the said officer is authorized to mail such process or a true copy thereof. 

ARTICLE 28 
 
 GOVERNING LAW 
 This Contract shall be governed as to performance, administration and interpretation by the laws of the State of Delaware, exclusive of conflict of law rules. However, with respect to credit for reinsurance, the rules of all applicable states shall apply. 
 
 ARTICLE 29 
 
 ENTIRE AGREEMENT 
 This Contract sets forth all of the duties and obligations between the Company and the Reinsurer and supersedes any and all prior or contemporaneous written agreements with respect to matters referred to in this Contract. This Contract may not be modified or changed except by an amendment to this Contract in writing signed by both parties. However, this Article shall not be construed as limiting the admissibility of evidence regarding the formation, interpretation, purpose or intent of this Contract. 
 
 ARTICLE 30 
 
 NON-WAIVER 
 The failure of the Company or the Reinsurer to insist on compliance with this Contract or to exercise any right or remedy hereunder shall not constitute a waiver of any rights contained in this Contract nor prevent either party from thereafter demanding full and complete compliance nor prevent either party from exercising such remedy in the future. 
 
 ARTICLE 31 
 
 INTERMEDIARY 
 Guy Carpenter & Company, LLC, is hereby recognized as the Intermediary negotiating this Contract for all business hereunder. All communications (including notices, statements, premiums, return premiums, commissions, taxes, losses, Loss Adjustment Expenses, salvages, and loss settlements) relating thereto shall be transmitted to the Company or the Reinsurer through the Intermediary. Payments by the Company to the Intermediary shall be deemed payment to the Reinsurer. Payments by the Reinsurer to the Intermediary shall be deemed payment to the Company only to the extent that such payments are actually received by the Company. 
 
 ARTICLE 32 
 
 MODE OF EXECUTION 
 A. This Contract may be executed by 
 1. an original written ink signature of paper documents 
 2. an exchange of facsimile copies showing the original written ink signature of paper documents 
 3. electronic signature technology employing computer software and a digital signature or digitizer pen pad to capture a person s handwritten signature in such a manner that 

the signature is unique to the person signing, is under the sole control of the person signing, is capable of verification to authenticate the signature and is linked to the document signed in such a manner that if the data is changed, such signature is invalidated. 
 B. The use of any one or a combination of these methods of execution shall constitute a legally binding and valid signing of this Contract. This Contract may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which, when duly executed, shall be deemed an original. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Contract to be executed by its duly authorized representative, who also confirms the Company s review of and agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions of the Interests and Liabilities Agreements attached to and forming part of this Contract, this 23rd day of March , in the year of 2022 . 

METROMILE INSURANCE COMPANY 

s Dan Preston Dan Preston President 

AUTOMOBILE QUOTA SHARE REINSURANCE CONTRACT 

NUCLEAR INCIDENT EXCLUSION CLAUSE - PHYSICAL DAMAGE - REINSURANCE - U.S.A. 
 1. This Reinsurance does not cover any loss or liability accruing to the Reassured, directly or indirectly, and whether as Insurer or Reinsurer, from any Pool of Insurers or Reinsurers formed for the purpose of covering Atomic or Nuclear Energy risks. 
 2. Without in any way restricting the operation of paragraph (1) of this clause, this Reinsurance does not cover any loss or liability accruing to the Reassured, directly or indirectly and whether as Insurer or Reinsurer, from any insurance against Physical Damage (including business interruption or consequential loss arising out of such Physical Damage) to 
 I. Nuclear reactor power plants including all auxiliary property on the site, or 
 II. Any other nuclear reactor installation, including laboratories handling radioactive materials in connection with reactor installations, and critical facilities as such, or 
 III. Installations for fabricating complete fuel elements or for processing substantial quantities of special nuclear material , and for reprocessing, salvaging, chemically separating, storing or disposing of spent nuclear fuel or waste materials, or 
 IV. Installations other than those listed in paragraph (2) III above using substantial quantities of radioactive isotopes or other products of nuclear fission. 
 3. Without in any way restricting the operations of paragraphs (1) and (2) hereof, this Reinsurance does not cover any loss or liability by radioactive contamination accruing to the Reassured, directly or indirectly, and whether as Insurer or Reinsurer, from any insurance on property which is on the same site as a nuclear reactor power plant or other nuclear installation and which normally would be insured therewith except that this paragraph (3) shall not operate 
 (a) where Reassured does not have knowledge of such nuclear reactor power plant or nuclear installation, or 
 (b) where said insurance contains a provision excluding coverage for damage to property caused by or resulting from radioactive contamination, however caused. However on and after 1st January 1960 this sub-paragraph (b) shall only apply provided the said radioactive contamination exclusion provision has been approved by the Governmental Authority having jurisdiction thereof. 
 4. Without in any way restricting the operations of paragraphs (1), (2) and (3) hereof, this Reinsurance does not cover any loss or liability by radioactive contamination accruing to the Reassured, directly or indirectly, and whether as Insurer or Reinsurer, when such radioactive contamination is a named hazard specifically insured against. 
 
 5. It is understood and agreed that this clause shall not extend to risks using radioactive isotopes in any form where the nuclear exposure is not considered by the Reassured to be the primary hazard. 
 6. The term special nuclear material shall have the meaning given it in the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 or by any law amendatory thereof. 

7. Reassured to be sole judge of what constitutes 
 (a) substantial quantities, and 
 (b) the extent of installation, plant or site. 
 Note Without in any way restricting the operation of paragraph (1) hereof, it is understood and agreed that 
 
 (a) all policies issued by the Reassured on or before 31st December 1957 shall be free from the application of the other provisions of this Clause until expiry date or 31st December 1960 whichever first occurs whereupon all the provisions of this Clause shall apply. 
 (b) with respect to any risk located in Canada policies issued by the Reassured on or before 31st December 1958 shall be free from the application of the other provisions of this Clause until expiry date or 31st December 1960 whichever first occurs whereupon all the provisions of this Clause shall apply. 
 
 12 12 57 
 NMA 1119 
 
 NOTES Wherever used herein the terms 
 
 Reassured shall be understood to mean Company , Reinsured , Reassured or whatever other term is used in the attached reinsurance document to designate the reinsured company or companies. 
 
 Agreement shall be understood to mean Agreement , Contract , Policy or whatever other term is used to designate the attached reinsurance document. 
 
 Reinsurers shall be understood to mean Reinsurers , Underwriters or whatever other term is used in the attached reinsurance document to designate the reinsurer or reinsurers. 

NUCLEAR INCIDENT EXCLUSION CLAUSE - LIABILITY - REINSURANCE - U.S.A. 
 (1) This reinsurance does not cover any loss or liability accruing to the Reassured as a member of, or subscriber to, any association of insurers or reinsurers formed for the purpose of covering nuclear energy risks or as a direct or indirect reinsurer of any such member, subscriber or association. 
 (2) Without in any way restricting the operation of paragraph (1) of this Clause it is understood and agreed that for all purposes of this reinsurance all the original policies of the Reassured (new, renewal and replacement) of the classes specified in Clause II of this paragraph (2) from the time specified in Clause III in this paragraph (2) shall be deemed to include the following provision (specified as the Limited Exclusion Provision) 
 Limited Exclusion Provision. 
 I. It is agreed that the policy does not apply under any liability coverage, to 
 injury, sickness, disease, death or destruction 
 bodily injury or property damage 
 with respect to which an insured under the policy is also an insured under a nuclear energy liability policy issued by Nuclear Energy Liability Insurance Association, Mutual Atomic Energy Liability Underwriters or Nuclear Insurance Association of Canada, or would be an insured under any such policy but for its termination upon exhaustion of its limit of liability. 
 II. Family Automobile Policies (liability only), Special Automobile Policies (private passenger automobiles, liability only), Farmers Comprehensive Personal Liability Policies (liability only), Comprehensive Personal Liability Policies (liability only) or policies of a similar nature and the liability portion of combination forms related to the four classes of policies stated above, such as the Comprehensive Dwelling Policy and the applicable types of Homeowners Policies. 
 III. The inception dates and thereafter of all original policies as described in II above, whether new, renewal or replacement, being policies which either 
 (a) become effective on or after 1st May, 1960, or 
 (b) become effective before that date and contain the Limited Exclusion Provision set out above 
 provided this paragraph (2) shall not be applicable to Family Automobile Policies, Special Automobile Policies, or policies or combination policies of a similar nature, issued by the Reassured on New York risks, until 90 days following approval of the Limited Exclusion Provision by the Governmental Authority having jurisdiction thereof. 
 
 (3) Except for those classes of policies specified in Clause II of paragraph (2) and without in any way restricting the operation of paragraph (1) of this Clause, it is understood and agreed that for all purposes of this reinsurance the original liability policies of the Reassured (new, renewal and replacement) affording the following coverages 

Owners, Landlords and Tenants Liability, Contractual Liability, Elevator Liability, Owners or Contractors (including railroad) Protective Liability, Manufacturers and Contractors Liability, Product Liability, Professional and Malpractice Liability, Storekeepers Liability, Garage Liability, Automobile Liability (including Massachusetts Motor Vehicle or Garage Liability) 
 shall be deemed to include, with respect to such coverages, from the time specified in Clause V of this paragraph (3), the following provision (specified as the Broad Exclusion Provision) 
 Broad Exclusion Provision. 
 It is agreed that the policy does not apply 
 I. Under any Liability Coverage, to 
 injury, sickness, disease, death or destruction 
 bodily injury or property damage 
 (a) with respect to which an insured under the policy is also an insured under a nuclear energy liability policy issued by Nuclear Energy Liability Insurance Association, Mutual Atomic Energy Liability Underwriters or Nuclear Insurance Association of Canada, or would be an insured under any such policy but for its termination upon exhaustion of its limit of liability or 
 (b) resulting from the hazardous properties of nuclear material and with respect to which (1) any person or organization is required to maintain financial protection pursuant to the Atomic Energy Act of 1954, or any law amendatory thereof, or 
 (2) the insured is, or had this policy not been issued would be, entitled to indemnity from the United States of America, or any agency thereof, under any agreement entered into by the United States of America, or any agency thereof, with any person or organization. 
 II. Under any Medical Payments Coverage, or under any Supplementary Payments Provision relating to 
 immediate medical or surgical relief 
 first aid, 
 
 to expenses incurred with respect to 
 bodily injury, sickness, disease or death 
 bodily injury 
 resulting from the hazardous properties of nuclear material and arising out of the operation of a nuclear facility by any person or organization. 
 III. Under any Liability Coverage, to 
 injury, sickness, disease, death or destruction 
 bodily injury or property damage 

resulting from the hazardous properties of nuclear material, if 
 (a) the nuclear material (1) is at any nuclear facility owned by, or operated by or on behalf of, an insured or (2) has been discharged or dispersed therefrom 
 (b) the nuclear material is contained in spent fuel or waste at any time possessed, handled, used, processed, stored, transported or disposed of by or on behalf of an insured or 
 (c) the 
 
 injury, sickness, disease, death or destruction 
 bodily injury or property damage 
 arises out of the furnishing by an insured of services, materials, parts or equipment in connection with the planning, construction, maintenance, operation or use of any nuclear facility, but if such facility is located within the United States of America, its territories or possessions or Canada, this exclusion 
 (c) applies only to 
 injury to or destruction of property at such nuclear facility. 
 property damage to such nuclear facility and any property thereat. 
 IV. As used in this endorsement 
 hazardous properties include radioactive, toxic or explosive properties nuclear material means source material, special nuclear material or byproduct material source material , special nuclear material , and byproduct material have the meanings given them in the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 or in any law amendatorythereof spent fuel means any fuel element or fuel component, solid or liquid, which has been used or exposed to radiation in a nuclear reactor waste means any waste material (1) containing byproduct material other than the tailings or wastes produced by the extraction or concentration of uranium or thorium from any ore processed primarily for its source material content and (2) resulting from the operation by any person or organization of any nuclear facility included under the first two paragraphs of the definition of nuclear facility nuclear facility means 
 (a) any nuclear reactor, 
 (b) any equipment or device designed or used for (1) separating the isotopes of uranium or plutonium, (2) processing or utilizing spent fuel, or (3) handling, processing or packaging waste, 
 (c) any equipment or device used for the processing, fabricating or alloying of special nuclear material if at any time the total amount of such material in the custody of the insured at the premises where such equipment or device is located consists of or contains more than 25 grams of plutonium or uranium 233 or any combination thereof, or more than 250 grams of uranium 235, 
 (d) any structure, basin, excavation, premises or place prepared or used for the storage or disposal of waste, and includes the site on which any of the foregoing is located, all operations conducted on such site and all premises used for such operations nuclear reactor means any apparatus designed or used to sustain 

nuclear fission in a self-supporting chain reaction or to contain a critical mass of fissionable material 
 With respect to injury to or destruction of property, the word injury or destruction includes all forms of radioactive contamination of property. property damage includes all forms of radioactive contamination of property. 
 V. The inception dates and thereafter of all original policies affording coverages specified in this paragraph (3), whether new, renewal or replacement, being policies which become effective on or after 1st May, 1960, provided this paragraph (3) shall not be applicable to 
 (i) Garage and Automobile Policies issued by the Reassured on New York risks, or 
 (ii) statutory liability insurance required under Chapter 90, General Laws of Massachusetts, 
 until 90 days following approval of the Broad Exclusion Provision by the Governmental Authority having jurisdiction thereof. 
 
 (4) Without in any way restricting the operation of paragraph (1) of this Clause, it is understood and agreed that paragraphs (2) and (3) above are not applicable to original liability policies of the Reassured in Canada and that with respect to such policies this Clause shall be deemed to include the Nuclear Energy Liability Exclusion Provisions adopted by the Canadian Underwriters Association or the Independent Insurance Conference of Canada. 

NOTE. The words printed in italics in the Limited Exclusion Provision and in the Broad Exclusion Provision shall apply only in relation to original liability policies which include a Limited Exclusion Provision or a Broad Exclusion Provision containing those words. 

NOTES Wherever used herein the terms 
 
 Reassured shall be understood to mean Company , Reinsured , Reassured or whatever other term is used in the attached reinsurance document to designate the reinsured company or companies. 
 
 Agreement shall be understood to mean Agreement , Contract , Policy or whatever other term is used to designate the attached reinsurance document. 
 
 Reinsurers shall be understood to mean Reinsurers , Underwriters or whatever other term is used in the attached reinsurance document to designate the reinsurer or reinsurers. 
 
 21 9 67 
 NMA 1590 (amended) 

POLLUTION EXCLUSION CLAUSE - AUTO LIABILITY REINSURANCE (BRMA 39B) 
 A. This reinsurance excludes all loss and or liability accruing to the Company as a result of 
 1. bodily injury or property damage arising out of the actual, alleged or threatened discharge, dispersal, release or escape of pollutants 
 a. that are (or that are contained in any property that is) 
 i. being transported or towed by, or handled for movement into, onto or from the insured auto, or otherwise in the course of transit 
 ii. being stored, disposed of, treated or processed in or upon the insured auto 
 b. before the pollutants (or any property in which the pollutants are contained) are moved from the place where they are accepted by the insured for movement into or onto the insured auto or 
 c. after the pollutants (or any property in which the pollutants are contained) are moved from the insured auto to the place where they are finally delivered, disposed of or abandoned by the insured 
 2. any governmental direction or request that the insured test for, monitor, clean up, remove, contain, treat, detoxify or neutralize pollutants. 
 B. Paragraph A above does not apply to environmental restoration coverage required by the Motor Carrier Act of 1980, or similar mandatory laws. 
 C. Subparagraph A(1)(a)(ii) above does not apply to fuels, lubricants, fluids, exhaust gases or other similar pollutants that are needed for or result from the normal electrical, hydraulic or mechanical functioning of the insured auto or its parts, if 
 1. the pollutants escape or are discharged, dispersed or released directly from an auto part designed by its manufacturer to hold, store, receive or dispose of such pollutants and 
 2. the bodily injury or property damage does not arise out of the operation of a cherry picker or similar device mounted on an automobile or truck chassis and used to raise or lower workers, air compressors, pumps and or generators, including spraying, welding, building cleaning, geophysical exploration, lighting and well servicing equipment. 
 
 D. Paragraphs A(1)(b) and A(1)(c) above do not apply if 
 1 the pollutants (or any property in which the pollutants are contained) are upset, overturned or damaged as a result of the maintenance or use of an insured auto and 
 2. the discharge, dispersal, release or escape of the pollutants is caused directly by such upset, overturn or damage. 
 E. Pollutants mean any solid, liquid, gaseous or thermal irritant or contaminant, including smoke, vapor, soot, fumes, acids, alkalis, chemicals and waste. Waste includes material to be recycled, reconditioned or reclaimed. 

NORTH AMERICAN WAR EXCLUSION CLAUSE (REINSURANCE) 
 As regards interests which at time of loss or damage are on shore, no liability shall attach hereto in respect of any loss or damage which is occasioned by war invasion, hostilities, acts of foreign enemies, civil war, rebellion, insurrection, military or usurped power, or martial law or confiscation by order of any government or public authority. 
 
 This War Exclusion Clause shall not, however, apply to interests which at time of loss or damage are within the territorial limits of the United States of America (comprising the fifty States of the Union, the District of Columbia, and including bridges between the U.S.A. and Mexico provided they are under United States ownership), Canada, St. Pierre and Miquelon, provided such interests are insured under policies, endorsements or binders containing a standard war or hostilities or warlike operations exclusion clause. 

TRUST AGREEMENT REQUIREMENTS CLAUSE 
 A. Except as provided in paragraph B of this Clause, if the Reinsurer satisfies its funding obligations under the Unauthorized Reinsurance Article by providing a Trust Agreement, the Reinsurer shall ensure that the Trust Agreement 
 1. Requires the Reinsurer to establish a trust account for the benefit of the Company, and specifies what the Trust Agreement is to cover 
 2. Stipulates that assets deposited in the trust account shall be valued according to their current fair market value and shall consist only of cash (United States legal tender), certificates of deposit (issued by a United States bank and payable in United States legal tender), and investments of the types permitted by the regulatory authorities having jurisdiction over the Company s reserves, or any combination of the three, provided that the investments are issued by an institution that is not the parent, subsidiary or affiliate of either the Reinsurer or the Company 
 3. Requires the Reinsurer, prior to depositing assets with the trustee, to execute assignments or endorsements in blank, or to transfer legal title to the trustee of all shares, obligations or any other assets requiring assignments, in order that the Company, or the trustee upon the direction of the Company, may whenever necessary negotiate these assets without consent or signature from the Reinsurer or any other entity 
 4. Requires that all settlements of account between the Company and the Reinsurer be made in cash or its equivalent and 
 5. Provides that assets in the trust account shall be withdrawn only as permitted in this Contract, without diminution because of the insolvency of the Company or the Reinsurer. 
 B. If a ceding insurer is domiciled in California and the Reinsurer satisfies its funding obligations under the Unauthorized Reinsurance Article by providing a Trust Agreement, the Reinsurer shall ensure that the Trust Agreement 
 1. Provides that assets deposited in the trust account shall be valued according to their current fair market value and shall consist only of cash in United States dollars, certificates of deposit issued by a United States financial institution as defined in California Insurance Code Section 922.7(a) and payable in United States dollars, and investments permitted by the California Insurance Code, or any combination of the above. 
 2. Provides that investments in or issued by an entity controlling, controlled by or under common control with either the grantor or the beneficiary of the trust shall not exceed 5 of total investments. 
 
 3. Requires the Reinsurer, prior to depositing assets with the trustee, to execute assignments or endorsements in blank, or to transfer legal title to the trustee of all shares, obligations or any other assets requiring assignments, in order that the ceding insurer, or the trustee upon the direction of the ceding insurer, may, whenever necessary, negotiate these assets without consent or signature from the Reinsurer or any other entity. 

4. Provides that assets in the trust account shall be withdrawn only as permitted in this Contract, without diminution because of the insolvency of the ceding insurer or the Reinsurer. 
 C. If there are multiple ceding insurers that collectively comprise the Company, regulatory authorities as referenced in subparagraph A(2) above, shall mean the individual ceding insurer s domestic regulator. 

INTERESTS AND LIABILITIES AGREEMENT 
 
 (the Agreement of 
 
 MAPFRE RE, COMPA IA DE REASEGUROS S. A. 
 
 (the Subscribing Reinsurer as respects the 
 
 AUTOMOBILE QUOTA SHARE REINSURANCE CONTRACT 
 
 Effective January 1, 2022 
 (the Contract 
 issued to and executed by 
 
 METROMILE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 
 including any and or all companies that are or may hereafter become affiliated therewith (collectively, the Company 
 
 The Subscribing Reinsurer s share in the interests and liabilities of the Reinsurer as set forth in the Contract shall be . 
 
 The share of the Subscribing Reinsurer in the interests and liabilities of the Reinsurer in respect of the Contract shall be separate and apart from the shares of other subscribing reinsurers, if any, on the Contract. The interests and liabilities of the Subscribing Reinsurer shall not be joint with those of such other subscribing reinsurers and in no event shall the Subscribing Reinsurer participate in the interests and liabilities of such other subscribing reinsurers. 
 
 This Agreement shall become effective January 1, 2022 and shall be subject to the provisions of the Term Article and the Special Termination Article and all other terms and conditions of the Contract. 
 
 Premium and loss payments made to Guy Carpenter shall be deposited in a Premium and Loss Account in accordance with Section 32.3(a)(1) of Regulation 98 of the Department of Financial Services of the State of New York. The Subscribing Reinsurer consents to withdrawals from said account in accordance with Section 32.3(a)(3) of the Regulation, including interest and Federal Excise Tax. 

Brokerage hereunder is of gross ceded premium. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Subscribing Reinsurer has caused this Agreement to be executed by its duly authorized representative as follows 
 
 on this day of , in the year . 

MAPFRE RE, COMPA IA DE REASEGUROS S. A. 
 
 s Castelblanque Vicente, Julio Antonio s San Basilio Pardo, Javier Maria Treaties Underwriting Manager Deputy General Manager & CUO 
 
 METROMILE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 AUTOMOBILE QUOTA SHARE REINSURANCE CONTRACT 

</EX-10.36>

<EX-10.37>
 4
 lmndye22ex1037swissreperso.htm
 EX-10.37

Document 

Certain information in this document has been excluded pursuant to Regulation S-K, Item (601)(b)(10), because it is both not material and the type of information that the registrant treats as private or confidential. 

PERSONAL AUTOMOBILE QUOTA SHARE REINSURANCE CONTRACT 
 issued to 
 METROMILE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Wilmington, Delaware 

PERSONAL AUTOMOBILE QUOTA SHARE REINSURANCE CONTRACT 
 
 Article 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 Page 
 Preamble .................................................................................... 
 4 1 
 Business Covered ....................................................................... 
 4 2 
 Retention and Limit ................................................................... 
 4 3 
 Term ........................................................................................... 
 5 4 
 Special Termination ................................................................... 
 5 5 
 Run-Off Reinsurers .................................................................... 
 7 6 
 Territory ..................................................................................... 
 8 7 
 Exclusions .................................................................................. 
 8 8 
 Special Acceptance .................................................................... 
 10 9 
 Gross Net Earned Premium Income Limitation for Certain States 
 10 10 
 Premium ..................................................................................... 
 10 11 
 Ceding Commission................................................................... 
 11 12 
 Reports and Remittances............................................................ 
 11 13 
 Definitions.................................................................................. 12 14 
 Extra Contractual Obligations Excess of Policy Limits ............ 
 13 15 
 Net Retained Liability................................................................ 
 14 16 
 Original Conditions.................................................................... 
 14 17 
 No Third Party Rights ................................................................ 
 14 18 
 Loss Settlements ........................................................................ 
 15 19 
 Salvage and Subrogation............................................................ 
 15 20 
 Currency..................................................................................... 15 21 
 Unauthorized Reinsurance ......................................................... 
 15 22 
 Taxes .......................................................................................... 
 18 23 
 Access to Records ...................................................................... 
 19 24 
 Confidentiality ........................................................................... 
 20 25 
 Indemnification and Errors and Omissions................................ 
 21 26 
 Insolvency .................................................................................. 
 21 27 
 Arbitration.................................................................................. 22 28 
 Service of Suit............................................................................ 
 23 29 
 Governing Law .......................................................................... 
 24 30 
 Entire Agreement ....................................................................... 
 24 31 
 Non-Waiver................................................................................ 25 32 
 Intermediary ............................................................................... 
 25 33 
 Mode of Execution..................................................................... 
 25 Company Signing Block ........................................................... 
 26 

PERSONAL AUTOMOBILE QUOTA SHARE REINSURANCE CONTRACT 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Attachments Page 
 
 Nuclear Incident Exclusion Clause - Physical Damage - Reinsurance 
 - U.S.A. ...................................................................................... 27 
 Nuclear Incident Exclusion Clause - Liability - Reinsurance - U.S.A. 
 .................................................................................................... 29 
 North American War Exclusion Clause (Reinsurance) ............. 34 
 Cyber Loss Limited Exclusion Clause (Property Treaty 
 Reinsurance) No. 1..................................................................... 35 
 Trust Agreement Requirements Clause ..................................... 36 

PERSONAL AUTOMOBILE QUOTA SHARE REINSURANCE CONTRACT 
 (the Contract issued to 
 METROMILE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Wilmington, Delaware 
 (the Company by 
 THE SUBSCRIBING REINSURER(S) IDENTIFIED 
 IN THE INTERESTS AND LIABILITIES AGREEMENT(S) ATTACHED TO AND FORMING PART OF THIS CONTRACT 
 (the Reinsurer 

ARTICLE 1 
 
 BUSINESS COVERED 
 A. This Contract is to indemnify the Company in respect of the liability that may accrue to the Company as a result of loss or losses under Policies classified by the Company as Personal Automobile Liability (including No-Fault) and Personal Automobile Physical Damage insurance, in force at the inception of this Contract, or written or renewed during the term of this Contract by or on behalf of the Company, subject to the terms and conditions herein contained. 
 B. Business reinsured under this Contract is deemed to include coverages extended for non- resident drivers where applicable under the Motor Vehicle Financial Responsibility Law, the Motor Vehicle Compulsory Insurance Law, or any similar law of any state or province, following the provisions of the Company s Policies when they include or are deemed by law to include so called out of state insurance provisions. 
 ARTICLE 2 
 
 RETENTION AND LIMIT 
 A. 

B. 

C. 

D. 

E. 

F. 
 
 ARTICLE 3 
 
 TERM 
 A. This Contract shall take effect January 1, 2022, and shall remain in effect until June 30, 2023, both days inclusive, for all loss occurrences commencing during the term of this Contract. 
 B. The Reinsurer shall have no liability for loss occurrences commencing after expiration of this Contract. 
 
 ARTICLE 4 
 
 SPECIAL TERMINATION 
 A. The Company may terminate a Subscribing Reinsurer s percentage share in this Contract at any time by giving written notice to the Subscribing Reinsurer in the event of any of the following circumstances 
 1. The Subscribing Reinsurer ceases underwriting operations. 
 2. A state insurance department or other legal authority orders the Subscribing Reinsurer to cease writing business, or the Subscribing Reinsurer is placed under regulatory supervision. 
 3. The Subscribing Reinsurer has become insolvent or has been placed into liquidation or receivership (whether voluntary or involuntary), or there have been instituted against it proceedings for the appointment of a receiver, liquidator, rehabilitator, conservator, trustee in bankruptcy, or other agent known by whatever name, to take possession of its assets or control of its operations. 
 
 4. The Subscribing Reinsurer s policyholders surplus (or the equivalent under the Subscribing Reinsurer s accounting system) as reported in such financial statements of the Subscribing Reinsurer as designated by the Company, has been reduced by 20 of the amount thereof at any date during the prior 12-month period (including the period prior to the inception of this Contract). 

5. The Subscribing Reinsurer has merged with or has become acquired or controlled by any company, corporation, or individual(s) not controlling the Subscribing Reinsurer s operations at the inception of this Contract. 
 
 6. The Subscribing Reinsurer has retroceded its entire liability under this Contract without the Company s prior written consent, except for retrocessions to members of the Subscribing Reinsurer s holding company group. 
 7. The Subscribing Reinsurer has been assigned an A.M. Best s rating of less than A- and or an S&P rating of less than BBB+. However, as respects Underwriting Members of Lloyd s, London, a Lloyd s Market Rating of less than A- by A.M. Best and or less than BBB+ by S&P shall apply. 
 B. Termination shall be effected on a run-off or cut-off basis at the sole discretion of the Company. The reinsurance premium due the Subscribing Reinsurer hereunder shall be prorated based on the period of the Subscribing Reinsurer s participation hereon, and the Subscribing Reinsurer shall immediately return any excess reinsurance premium received. Reinstatement premium, if any, shall be calculated based on the Subscribing Reinsurer s reinsurance premium earned during the period of the Subscribing Reinsurer s participation hereon. 
 
 C. Additionally, in the event of any of the circumstances listed in paragraph A of this Article, the Company shall have the option to commute the Subscribing Reinsurer s liability for losses on Policies covered by this Contract. In the event the Company and the Subscribing Reinsurer cannot agree on the commutation amount, they shall appoint an actuary and or appraiser to assess such amount and shall share equally any expense of the actuary and or appraiser. If the Company and the Subscribing Reinsurer cannot agree on an actuary and or appraiser, the Company and the Subscribing Reinsurer each shall nominate three individuals, of whom the other shall decline two, and the final appointment shall be made by drawing lots. Payment by the Subscribing Reinsurer of the amount of liability ascertained shall constitute a complete and final release of both parties in respect of liability arising from the Subscribing Reinsurer s participation under this Contract. 
 
 D. The Company s option to require commutation under paragraph C above shall survive the termination or expiration of this Contract. 

ARTICLE 5 
 
 RUN-OFF REINSURERS 
 A. Run-off Reinsurer means any Subscribing Reinsurer that 
 1. has been ordered by a state insurance department or other legal authority to cease writing business, or has been placed under regulatory supervision or in rehabilitation or 
 2. has ceased reinsurance underwriting operations or 
 3. has transferred its claims-paying authority to an unaffiliated entity or 
 4. engages in a process of Scheme of Arrangement or similar procedure related to this Contract, including but not limited to an insurance business transfer scheme pursuant to Part VII of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (U.K.), as may be amended from time to time or 

5. in any other way has assigned its interests or delegated its obligations under this Contract to an unaffiliated entity. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, agreement by a Lloyd s syndicate to follow claim settlements procedures under Lloyd s Claims Scheme (Combined) shall not constitute a transfer of its claims-paying authority, for purposes of subparagraphs (3) and (5) of this paragraph. 
 B. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Contract, in the event that a Subscribing Reinsurer becomes a Run-off Reinsurer at any time, the Company may elect, by giving written notice to the Run-off Reinsurer at any time thereafter, that all or any of the following shall apply to the Run-off Reinsurer s participation hereunder 
 1. If the Run-off Reinsurer does not pay a claim or raise a query concerning the claim within 30 days of billing, it shall be estopped from denying such claim and must pay immediately. 
 2. If payment of any claim has been received from Subscribing Reinsurers constituting at least of the interests and liabilities of all Subscribing Reinsurers that participated on this Contract and are active as of the due date it being understood that said date shall not be later than 90 days from the date of transmittal by the Intermediary of the initial billing for each such payment, the Run-off Reinsurer shall be estopped from denying such claim and must pay within 10 days following transmittal to the Run-off Reinsurer of written notification of such payments. For purposes of this subparagraph, a Subscribing Reinsurer shall be deemed to be active if it is not a Run-off Reinsurer. 
 
 3. Should the Run-off Reinsurer refuse to pay claims as required by subparagraphs 1 and or 2 above, the interest penalty specified in the Late Payments Article shall be increased by for each 30 days that a payment is past due, subject to a maximum increase of . 
 4. The Run-off Reinsurer s liability for losses for Policies covered by this Contract shall be commuted. In the event the Company and the Run-off Reinsurer cannot agree on the commutation amount of the Run-off Reinsurer s liability under such Policies, they shall appoint an actuary and or appraiser to assess such liability and shall share equally any expense of the actuary and or appraiser. If the Company and the Run-off Reinsurer cannot agree on an actuary and or appraiser, the Company and the Run-off Reinsurer each shall nominate three individuals, of whom the other shall decline two, and the final appointment shall be made by drawing lots. Payment by the Run-off Reinsurer of the amount of liability ascertained shall constitute a complete and final release of both parties under this Contract. 
 5. The Run-off Reinsurer shall have no right of access to the Records of the Company if the Run-off Reinsurer has denied payment of any claim hereunder or there is a pending arbitration between the Company and the Run-off Reinsurer regarding any claim hereunder. A reservation of rights shall be considered a denial of a claim. 
 6. The Run-off Reinsurer shall immediately provide funding of liabilities (the Reinsurer s Obligations as set forth in the Unauthorized Reinsurance Article. This subparagraph does not apply to the Run-off Reinsurer to the extent that the Run-off Reinsurer has already provided funding under the Unauthorized Reinsurance Article. 
 7. The provisions of the Arbitration Article shall not apply. 

ARTICLE 6 
 
 TERRITORY 
 The territorial limits of this Contract shall be identical with those of the Company s Policies. 
 
 ARTICLE 7 
 
 EXCLUSIONS 
 A. This Contract shall not apply to and specifically excludes 
 1. Liability assumed by the Company under any form of treaty reinsurance however, group intra-company reinsurance (including inter-company pooling arrangements, if applicable), and local agency reinsurance accepted in the normal course of business shall not be excluded hereunder. Furthermore, business written on County Mutual paper and reinsured 100 by the Company shall be deemed intra-company reinsurance and shall not be excluded hereunder. 
 
 2. Losses excluded by the attached Nuclear Incident Exclusion Clause Physical Damage Reinsurance U.S.A. 
 
 3. Losses excluded by the attached Nuclear Incident Exclusion Clause Liability Reinsurance U.S.A. 
 
 4. Liability of the Company arising by contract, operation of law, or otherwise, from its participation or membership, whether voluntary or involuntary, in any Insolvency Fund. Insolvency Fund includes any guaranty fund, insolvency fund, plan, pool, association, fund or other arrangement, howsoever denominated, established or governed, that provides for any assessment of or payment or assumption by the Company of part or all of any claim, debt, charge, fee, or other obligation of an insurer, or its successors or assigns, that has been declared by any competent authority to be insolvent, or that is otherwise deemed unable to meet any claim, debt, charge, fee or other obligation in whole or in part. 
 
 5. Liability of the Company arising by contract, operation of law, or otherwise, from its participation or membership, whether voluntary or involuntary, in any Insolvency Fund. Insolvency Fund includes any guaranty fund, insolvency fund, plan, pool, association, fund or other arrangement, howsoever denominated, established or governed, that provides for any assessment of or payment or assumption by the Company of part or all of any claim, debt, charge, fee, or other obligation of an insurer, or its successors or assigns, that has been declared by any competent authority to be insolvent, or that is otherwise deemed unable to meet any claim, debt, charge, fee or other obligation in whole or in part. 
 
 6. Losses excluded by the attached North American War Exclusion Clause (Reinsurance). 
 
 7. Loss resulting from an Act of Terrorism attributable to nuclear, biological, chemical or radiological weapons. Act of Terrorism means the use of force or violence and or the threat thereof, of any person or group(s) of persons, whether acting alone or on behalf of or in connection with any organization(s), committed for political, religious, ideological or similar purposes including the intention to influence any government and or to put the public, or any section of the public, in fear. 

This exclusion shall not be construed to apply to loss occasioned by riots, strikes, civil commotion, vandalism or malicious damage as those terms have been interpreted by United States Courts to apply to insurance policies. 
 
 8. Losses excluded by the attached Cyber Loss Limited Exclusion Clause (Property Treaty Reinsurance) No. 1. 
 
 B. If the Company inadvertently issues a Policy falling within the scope of one or more of the preceding exclusions, except for exclusions A(5), A(6) and A(7), such Policy shall be covered hereunder, provided that the Company issues, or causes to be issued, the required notice of cancellation within 30 days after a member of the executive or managerial staff at the Company s home office having underwriting authority in the class of business involved becomes aware that the Policy applies to excluded classes, unless the Company is prevented from canceling said Policy within such period by applicable statute or regulation, in which case such Policy shall be covered hereunder until the earliest date on which the Company may cancel. 
 
 C. In the event a court of competent jurisdiction or regulatory entity invalidates any exclusion contained in the Policy, except for exclusions A(5), A(6) and A(7), this Contract shall follow the fortunes of the court s decision and that exclusion shall not apply to this Contract. 

ARTICLE 8 
 
 SPECIAL ACCEPTANCE 
 Business that is not within the scope of this Contract may be submitted to the Reinsurer for special acceptance hereunder, and such business, if accepted by the Reinsurer shall be covered hereunder, subject to the terms and conditions of this Contract, except as modified by the special acceptance. The Reinsurer shall be deemed to have accepted a risk, if it has not responded within five business days after receiving the underwriting information on such risk. Any renewal of a special acceptance agreed to for a predecessor contract to this Contract, shall automatically be covered hereunder. 
 
 ARTICLE 9 
 
 GROSS NET EARNED PREMIUM INCOME LIMITATION FOR CERTAIN STATES 
 A. 

B. 

ARTICLE 10 
 
 PREMIUM 
 The Company shall cede to the Reinsurer its exact proportion of the Gross Net Earned Premium Income for the Contract. 
 
 ARTICLE 11 
 
 CEDING COMMISSION 
 The Reinsurer shall allow the Company a commission on all premiums ceded to the Reinsurer hereunder. This commission includes an allowance for taxes, boards, bureau fees, brokerage and any other expenses which are the obligation of the Company under the Policies, except Loss Adjustment Expenses. The Company shall allow the Reinsurer return commission on return premiums at the same rate. 
 
 ARTICLE 12 
 
 REPORTS AND REMITTANCES 
 A. 1. Within 30 days following the end of each quarter, the Company shall furnish the Reinsurer with a report summarizing 
 a. reinsurance premium on Gross Net Earned Premium Income for the Contract during the quarter less 
 b. the ceding commission as provided for in this Contract less 
 c. ceded loss and Loss Adjustment Expense paid during the quarter less 
 d. Extra Contractual Obligations and Loss in Excess of Policy Limits paid during the quarter plus 
 e. ceded subrogation, salvage, inuring reinsurance or other recoveries during the quarter and 
 f. any required adjustment to account for the limitations set forth in the Retention and Limit Article and Gross Net Earned Premium Income Limitation for Certain States Article and 
 g. the net balance due either party. 
 2. The net balance shall be paid within 45 days after the close of the respective quarter. 
 3. In addition, the Company shall furnish the Reinsurer with a quarterly statement showing the unearned premium reserves, and the reserves for outstanding losses and Loss Adjustment Expense (including Incurred But Not Reported). The Company shall also provide the Reinsurer with such other information as may be required by the Reinsurer for completion of its financial statements. 
 B. Should the amount recoverable under this Contract exceed 250,000 as respects any one loss, the Company may give the Reinsurer notice of payment made or its intention to make 

payment on a certain date. If the Company has paid the loss, payment shall be made by the Reinsurer within three business days. If the Company intends to pay the loss by a certain date and has submitted a proof of loss or similar document, payment shall be due from the Reinsurer 24 hours prior to that date, provided the Reinsurer has a period of five business days after receipt of said notice to dispatch the payment. Cash loss amounts specifically remitted by the Reinsurer as set forth herein shall be credited to the next quarterly account. 
 ARTICLE 13 
 
 DEFINITIONS 
 A. Loss Adjustment Expense means costs and expenses incurred by the Company in connection with the investigation, appraisal, adjustment, settlement, litigation, defense or appeal of a specific claim or loss, or alleged loss, including but not limited to 
 1. court costs 
 2. costs of supersedeas and appeal bonds 
 3. monitoring counsel expenses 
 4. legal expenses and costs incurred in connection with coverage questions and legal actions connected thereto, including but not limited to declaratory judgment actions 
 5. post-judgment interest 
 6. pre-judgment interest, unless included as part of an award or judgment 
 7. a pro rata share of salaries and expenses of Company field employees, calculated in accordance with the time occupied in adjusting such loss, and expenses of other Company employees who have been temporarily diverted from their normal and customary duties and assigned to the field adjustment of losses covered by this Contract and 
 8. subrogation, salvage and recovery expenses. 
 Loss Adjustment Expense does not include salaries and expenses of the Company s employees, except as provided in subparagraph (7) above, and office and other overhead expenses. 
 B. Gross Net Earned Premium Income means gross earned premium of the Company for the classes of business reinsured hereunder, less the earned portion of premiums ceded by the Company for reinsurance that inures to the benefit of this Contract. 
 C. Policy means any binder, policy, or contract of insurance or reinsurance issued, assumed (reinsurance from an affiliate, including through intercompany pooling), accepted or held covered provisionally or otherwise, by or on behalf of the Company. 
 
 D. Acts of Terrorism (excluding NBCR) mean losses arising from an act of terrorism as certified by the Federal Government of the United States, except those certified losses resulting from a nuclear, biological, chemical, or radioactive event arising from an act of terrorism. 

E. Losses Incurred means losses under the Policies, Loss Adjustment Expenses, Extra Contractual Obligations and Loss in Excess of Policy Limits. 
 F. Additional States means any jurisdiction other than the states of Arizona, California, Illinois, New Jersey, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Virginia, Washington, Indiana, Colorado, Iowa and Missouri. 
 
 ARTICLE 14 
 
 EXTRA CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS EXCESS OF POLICY LIMITS 
 A. This Contract shall cover Extra Contractual Obligations, as provided in the Retention and Limit Article. Extra Contractual Obligations shall be defined as those liabilities not covered under any other provision of this Contract and that arise from the handling of any claim on business covered hereunder, such liabilities arising because of, but not limited to, the following failure by the Company to settle within the Policy limit, or by reason of alleged or actual negligence, fraud or bad faith in rejecting an offer of settlement or in the preparation of the defense or in the trial of any action against its insured or reinsured or in the preparation or prosecution of an appeal consequent upon such action. 
 B. This Contract shall cover Loss in Excess of Policy Limits, as provided in the Retention and Limit Article. Loss in Excess of Policy Limits shall be defined as Loss in excess of the Policy limit, having been incurred because of, but not limited to, failure by the Company to settle within the Policy limit or by reason of alleged or actual negligence, fraud or bad faith in rejecting an offer of settlement or in the preparation of the defense or in the trial of any action against its insured or reinsured or in the preparation or prosecution of an appeal consequent upon such action. 
 C. An Extra Contractual Obligation and or Loss in Excess of Policy Limits shall be deemed to have occurred on the same date as the loss covered under the Company s Policy, and shall constitute part of the loss. 
 D. For the purposes of the Loss in Excess of Policy Limits coverage hereunder, the word Loss shall mean any amounts for which the Company would have been contractually liable to pay had it not been for the limit of the Policy. 
 E. Loss Adjustment Expense in respect of Extra Contractual Obligations and or Loss in Excess of Policy Limits shall be covered hereunder in the same manner as other Loss Adjustment Expense. 
 
 F. However, this Article shall not apply where the loss has been incurred due to final legal adjudication of fraud of a member of the Board of Directors or a corporate officer of the Company acting individually or collectively or in collusion with any individual or corporation or any other organization or party involved in the presentation, defense or settlement of any claim covered hereunder. 
 G. In no event shall coverage be provided to the extent not permitted under law. 

ARTICLE 15 
 
 NET RETAINED LIABILITY 
 A. This Contract applies only to that portion of any loss that the Company retains net for its own account (prior to deduction of any reinsurance that inures solely to the benefit of the Company). 
 B. The Company shall be permitted to carry catastrophe reinsurance, recoveries under which shall inure to the sole benefit of the Company and shall be entirely disregarded in applying all of the provisions of this Contract. 
 C. The amount of the Reinsurer s liability hereunder in respect of any loss or losses shall not be increased by reason of the inability of the Company to collect from any other reinsurer(s), whether specific or general, any amounts that may have become due from such reinsurer(s), whether such inability arises from the insolvency of such other reinsurer(s) or otherwise. 
 
 ARTICLE 16 
 
 ORIGINAL CONDITIONS 
 All reinsurance under this Contract shall be subject to the same rates, terms, conditions, waivers and interpretations, and to the same modifications and alterations as the respective Policies of the Company. However, in no event shall this be construed in any way to provide coverage outside the terms and conditions set forth in this Contract. 
 
 ARTICLE 17 
 
 NO THIRD PARTY RIGHTS 
 This Contract is solely between the Company and the Reinsurer, and in no instance shall any insured, claimant or other third party have any rights under this Contract except as may be expressly provided otherwise herein. 
 
 ARTICLE 18 
 
 LOSS SETTLEMENTS 
 A. The Company alone and at its full discretion shall adjust, settle or compromise all claims and losses. 
 B. As respects losses subject to this Contract, all loss settlements made by the Company, whether under strict Policy terms or by way of compromise, and any Extra Contractual Obligations and or Loss in Excess of Policy Limits, shall be binding upon the Reinsurer, and the Reinsurer agrees to pay or allow, as the case may be, its share of each such settlement in accordance with this Contract. 

ARTICLE 19 
 
 SALVAGE AND SUBROGATION 
 A. Salvages and all recoveries (including amounts due from all reinsurances that inure to the benefit of this Contract, whether recovered or not), shall be first deducted from any loss to arrive at the amount of liability attaching hereunder. 
 B. All salvages, recoveries or payments recovered or received subsequent to loss settlement hereunder shall be applied as if recovered or received prior to the aforesaid settlement, and all necessary adjustments shall be made by the parties hereto. 
 ARTICLE 20 
 
 CURRENCY 
 A. Where the word Dollars and or the sign appear in this Contract, they shall mean United States Dollars, and all payments hereunder shall be in United States Dollars. 
 B. For purposes of this Contract, where the Company receives premiums or pays losses in currencies other than United States Dollars, such premiums or losses shall be converted into United States Dollars at the actual rates of exchange at which these premiums or losses are entered in the Company s books. 
 ARTICLE 21 
 
 UNAUTHORIZED REINSURANCE 
 A. This Article applies only to the extent a Subscribing Reinsurer does not qualify for credit with any insurance regulatory authority having jurisdiction over the Company s reserves. 
 B. The Company agrees, in respect of its Policies or bonds falling within the scope of this Contract, that when it files with its insurance regulatory authority, or sets up on its books liabilities as required by law, it shall forward to the Reinsurer a statement showing the proportion of such liabilities applicable to the Reinsurer. The Reinsurer s Obligations shall be defined as follows 
 1. unearned premium (if applicable) 
 2. known outstanding losses that have been reported to the Reinsurer and Loss Adjustment Expense relating thereto 
 3. losses and Loss Adjustment Expense paid by the Company but not recovered from the Reinsurer 
 4. losses incurred but not reported and Loss Adjustment Expense relating thereto 
 5. all other amounts for which the Company cannot take credit on its financial statements unless funding is provided by the Reinsurer. 
 C. The Reinsurer s Obligations shall be funded by funds withheld, cash advances, Trust Agreement or a Letter of Credit (LOC). The Reinsurer shall have the option of determining the method of funding provided it is acceptable to the insurance regulatory authorities having jurisdiction over the Company s reserves. 

D. When funding by Trust Agreement, the Reinsurer shall ensure that the Trust Agreement complies with the provisions of the Trust Agreement Requirements Clause attached hereto. When funding by an LOC, the Reinsurer agrees to apply for and secure timely delivery to the Company of a clean, irrevocable and unconditional LOC issued by a bank and containing provisions acceptable to the insurance regulatory authorities having jurisdiction over the Company s reserves in an amount equal to the Reinsurer s Obligations. Such LOC shall be issued for a period of not less than one year, and shall be automatically extended for one year from its date of expiration or any future expiration date unless 30 days (or such other time period as may be required by insurance regulatory authorities), prior to any expiration date the issuing bank shall notify the Company by certified or registered mail that the issuing bank elects not to consider the LOC extended for any additional period. 
 E. The Reinsurer and the Company agree that any funding provided by the Reinsurer pursuant to a Letter of Credit may be drawn upon at any time, notwithstanding any other provision of this Contract, and be utilized by the Company or any successor, by operation of law, of the Company including, without limitation, any liquidator, rehabilitator, receiver or conservator of the Company, for the following purposes 
 1. to reimburse the Company for the Reinsurer s Obligations, the payment of which is due under the terms of this Contract and that has not been otherwise paid 
 2. to make refund of any sum that is in excess of the actual amount required to pay the Reinsurer s Obligations under this Contract 
 
 3. to fund an account with the Company for the Reinsurer s Obligations. Such cash deposit shall be held in an interest bearing account separate from the Company s other assets, and interest thereon not in excess of the prime rate shall accrue to the benefit of the Reinsurer. Any taxes payable on accrued interest shall be paid out of the assets in the account that are in excess of the Reinsurer s Obligations. If the assets are inadequate to pay taxes, any taxes due shall be paid or reimbursed by the Reinsurer 
 4. to pay the Reinsurer s share of any other amounts the Company claims are due under this Contract. 
 F. If the amount drawn by the Company is in excess of the actual amount required for E(1) or E(3), or in the case of E(4), the actual amount determined to be due, the Company shall promptly return to the Reinsurer the excess amount so drawn. All of the foregoing shall be applied without diminution because of insolvency on the part of the Company or the Reinsurer. 
 G. The issuing bank shall have no responsibility whatsoever in connection with the propriety of withdrawals made by the Company or the disposition of funds withdrawn, except to ensure that withdrawals are made only upon the order of properly authorized representatives of the Company. 
 H. The Reinsurer and the Company agree that any funding provided by the Reinsurer pursuant to a Trust Agreement may be drawn upon at any time, notwithstanding any other provision of this Contract, and be utilized by the Company or any successor, by operation of law, of the Company including, without limitation, any liquidator, rehabilitator, receiver or conservator of the Company, for the following purposes 
 1. to reimburse the Company for any losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses, the payment of which is due under the terms of this Contract and that has not been otherwise paid, or for unearned premiums due to Company if not otherwise paid by the Reinsurer 

2. to make refund of any sum held in the Trust Account that is in excess of 102 of the Reinsurer s Obligations 
 3. Where the Company has received notification of termination of the Trust Account and where the Reinsurer s Obligations remain unliquidated and undischarged ten (10) days prior to the termination date, to withdraw amounts equal to the Reinsurer s Obligations and deposit those amounts in a separate account, in the name of the Company in any qualified U.S. financial institution (as defined in 18 Del. C. 913(b)) apart from its general assets. 
 4. to pay the Reinsurer s share of any other amounts the Company claims are due under this Contract. 
 
 I. If the amount drawn by the Company is in excess of the actual amount required or the actual amount determined to be due, the Company shall promptly return to the Reinsurer the excess amount so drawn. All of the foregoing shall be applied without diminution because of insolvency on the part of the Company or the Reinsurer. 
 J. At annual intervals, or more frequently at the discretion of the Company, but never more frequently than quarterly, the Company shall prepare a specific statement of the Reinsurer s Obligations for the sole purpose of amending the LOC or other method of funding, in the following manner 
 1. If the statement shows that the Reinsurer s Obligations exceed the balance of the LOC as of the statement date, the Reinsurer shall, within 30 days after receipt of the statement, secure delivery to the Company of an amendment to the LOC increasing the amount of credit by the amount of such difference. Should another method of funding be used, the Reinsurer shall, within the time period outlined above, increase such funding by the amount of such difference. 
 2. If, however, the statement shows that the Reinsurer s Obligations are less than the balance of the LOC (or that 102 of the Reinsurer s Obligations are less than the trust account balance if funding is provided by a Trust Agreement), as of the statement date, the Company shall, within 30 days after receipt of written request from the Reinsurer, release such excess credit by agreeing to secure an amendment to the LOC reducing the amount of credit available by the amount of such excess credit. Should another method of funding be used, the Company shall, within the time period outlined above, decrease such funding by the amount of such excess. 
 ARTICLE 22 
 
 TAXES 
 A. In consideration of the terms under which this Contract is issued, the Company undertakes not to claim any deduction of the premium hereon when making Canadian tax returns or when making tax returns, other than Income or Profits Tax returns, to any state or territory of the United States of America or to the District of Columbia. 
 B. 1. Each Subscribing Reinsurer has agreed to allow, for the purpose of paying the Federal Excise Tax, the applicable percentage of the premium payable hereon (as imposed under the Internal Revenue Code) to the extent such premium is subject to Federal Excise Tax. 

2. In the event of any return of premium becoming due hereunder, the Subscribing Reinsurer shall deduct the applicable percentage of the premium from the amount of the return, and the Company or its agent should take steps to recover the Tax from the 
 U.S. Government. 
 
 ARTICLE 23 
 
 ACCESS TO RECORDS 
 A. The Reinsurer or its duly authorized representatives shall have the right to visit the offices of the Company to inspect, examine, audit, and verify any of the policy, accounting or claim files Records relating to business reinsured under this Contract during regular business hours after giving five working days prior notice. This right shall be exercisable during the term of this Contract or after the expiration of this Contract. Notwithstanding the above, the Reinsurer shall not have any right of access to the Records of the Company if it is not current in all undisputed payments due the Company. 
 B. Notwithstanding the above, the Company reserves the right to withhold from the Reinsurer any Privileged Documents. However, the Company shall permit and not object to the Reinsurer s access to Privileged Documents in connection with the underlying claim reinsured hereunder following final settlement or final adjudication of the case or cases involving such claim, with prejudice against all claimants and all parties to such adjudications the Company may defer release of such Privileged Documents if there are subrogation, contribution, or other third party actions with respect to that claim or case, and the Company s defense might be jeopardized by release of such Privileged Documents. In the event that the Company seeks to defer release of such Privileged Documents, it shall, in consultation with the Reinsurer, take other steps as reasonably necessary to provide the Reinsurer with the information it reasonably requires to indemnify the Company without causing a loss of such privileges or protections. The Reinsurer shall not have access to Privileged Documents relating to any dispute between the Company and the Reinsurer. 
 C. For purposes of this Article 
 1. Privileged Documents means any documents that are Attorney-Client Privilege Documents and or Work Product Privilege Documents. 
 2. Attorney-Client Privilege Documents means communications of a confidential nature between (a) the Company, or anyone retained by or at the direction of the Company, or its in-house or outside legal counsel, or anyone in the control of such legal counsel, and (b) any in-house or outside legal counsel, if such communications relate to legal advice being sought by the Company and or contain legal advice being provided to the Company. 
 3. Work Product Privilege Documents means communications, written materials and tangible things prepared by or for in-house or outside counsel, or prepared by or for the Company, in anticipation of or in connection with litigation, arbitration, or other dispute resolution proceedings. 

ARTICLE 24 
 
 CONFIDENTIALITY 
 A. The Reinsurer hereby acknowledges that the documents, information and data provided to it by the Company, whether directly or through an authorized agent, in connection with the placement and execution of this Contract Confidential Information are proprietary and confidential to the Company. Confidential Information shall not include documents, information or data that the Reinsurer can show 
 1. are publicly known or have become publicly known through no unauthorized act of the Reinsurer 
 2. have been rightfully received from a third person without obligation of confidentiality or 
 3. were known by the Reinsurer prior to the placement of this Contract without an obligation of confidentiality. 
 B. Absent the written consent of the Company, the Reinsurer shall not disclose any Confidential Information to any third parties, including any affiliated companies, except 
 1. when required by retrocessionaires as respects business ceded to this Contract 
 2. when required by regulators performing an audit of the Reinsurer s records and or financial condition or 
 3. when required by external auditors performing an audit of the Reinsurer s records in the normal course of business. 
 Further, the Reinsurer agrees not to use any Confidential Information for any purpose not related to the performance of its obligations or enforcement of its rights under this Contract. 
 C. Notwithstanding the above, in the event that the Reinsurer is required by court order, other legal process or any regulatory authority to release or disclose any or all of the Confidential Information, the Reinsurer agrees to provide the Company with written notice of same at least 10 days prior to such release or disclosure and to use its best efforts to assist the Company in maintaining the confidentiality provided for in this Article. 
 D. The provisions of this Article shall extend to the officers, directors and employees of the Reinsurer and its affiliates, and shall be binding upon their successors and assigns. 

ARTICLE 25 
 
 INDEMNIFICATION AND ERRORS AND OMISSIONS 
 A. The Reinsurer is reinsuring, subject to the terms and conditions of this Contract, the obligations of the Company under any Policy. The Company shall be the sole judge as to 
 1. what shall constitute a claim or loss covered under any Policy 
 2. the Company s liability thereunder 
 3. the amount or amounts that it shall be proper for the Company to pay thereunder. 
 B. The Reinsurer shall be bound by the judgment of the Company as to the obligation(s) and liability(ies) of the Company under any Policy. 
 C. Any inadvertent error, omission or delay in complying with the terms and conditions of this Contract shall not be held to relieve either party hereto from any liability that would attach to it hereunder if such error, omission or delay had not been made, provided such error, omission or delay is rectified immediately upon discovery. 
 ARTICLE 26 
 
 INSOLVENCY 
 A. If more than one reinsured company is referenced within the definition of Company in the Preamble to this Contract, this Article shall apply severally to each such company. Further, this Article and the laws of the domiciliary state shall apply in the event of the insolvency of any company covered hereunder. In the event of a conflict between any provision of this Article and the laws of the domiciliary state of any company covered hereunder, that domiciliary state s laws shall prevail. 
 B. In the event of the insolvency of the Company, this reinsurance (or the portion of any risk or obligation assumed by the Reinsurer, if required by applicable law) shall be payable directly to the Company, or to its liquidator, receiver, conservator or statutory successor, either (1) on the basis of the liability of the Company, or (2) on the basis of claims filed and allowed in the liquidation proceeding, whichever may be required by applicable statute, without diminution because of the insolvency of the Company or because the liquidator, receiver, conservator or statutory successor of the Company has failed to pay all or a portion of any claim. It is agreed, however, that the liquidator, receiver, conservator or statutory successor of the Company shall give written notice to the Reinsurer of the pendency of a claim against the Company indicating the Policy or bond reinsured, which claim would involve a possible liability on the part of the Reinsurer within a reasonable time after such claim is filed in the conservation or liquidation proceeding or in the receivership, and that during the pendency of such claim, the Reinsurer may investigate such claim and interpose, at its own expense, in the proceeding where such claim is to be 

adjudicated any defense or defenses that it may deem available to the Company or its liquidator, receiver, conservator or statutory successor. The expense thus incurred by the Reinsurer shall be chargeable, subject to the approval of the court, against the Company as part of the expense of conservation or liquidation to the extent of a pro rata share of the benefit that may accrue to the Company solely as a result of the defense undertaken by the Reinsurer. 
 C. Where two or more reinsurers are involved in the same claim and a majority in interest elect to interpose defense to such claim, the expense shall be apportioned in accordance with the terms of this reinsurance Contract as though such expense had been incurred by the Company. 
 D. As to all reinsurance made, ceded, renewed or otherwise becoming effective under this Contract, the reinsurance shall be payable as set forth above by the Reinsurer to the Company or to its liquidator, receiver, conservator or statutory successor, or except 
 (1) where the Contract specifically provides another payee in the event of the insolvency of the Company, or (2) where the Reinsurer, with the consent of the direct insured or insureds, has assumed such Policy obligations of the Company as direct obligations of the Reinsurer to the payees under such Policies and in substitution for the obligations of the Company to such payees. 
 
 ARTICLE 27 
 
 ARBITRATION 
 A. Any dispute arising out of the interpretation, performance or breach of this Contract, including the formation or validity thereof, shall be submitted for decision to a panel of three arbitrators. Notice requesting arbitration shall be in writing and sent certified or registered mail, return receipt requested. 
 B. One arbitrator shall be chosen by each party and the two arbitrators shall then choose an impartial third arbitrator who shall preside at the hearing. If either party fails to appoint its arbitrator within 30 days after being requested to do so by the other party, the latter, after 10 days prior notice by certified or registered mail of its intention to do so, may appoint the second arbitrator. 
 C. If the two arbitrators do not agree on a third arbitrator within 60 days of their appointment, the third arbitrator shall be chosen in accordance with the procedures for selecting the third arbitrator in force on the date the arbitration is demanded, established by the AIDA Reinsurance and Insurance Arbitration Society U.S. (ARIAS). The arbitrators shall be persons knowledgeable about insurance and reinsurance who have no personal or financial interest in the result of the arbitration. If a member of the panel dies, becomes disabled or is otherwise unwilling or unable to serve, a substitute shall be selected in the same manner as the departing member was chosen and the arbitration shall continue. 
 
 D. Within 30 days after all arbitrators have been appointed, the panel shall meet and determine timely periods for briefs, discovery procedures and schedules of hearings. 
 E. The panel shall be relieved of all judicial formality and shall not be bound by the strict rules of procedure and evidence. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Contract, the arbitrators may at their discretion, consider underwriting and placement information provided by the Company to the Reinsurer, as well as any correspondence exchanged by the parties that is related to this Contract. The arbitration shall take place in Wilmington, 

Delaware, or at such other place as the parties shall agree. The decision of any two arbitrators shall be in writing and shall be final and binding. The panel is empowered to grant interim relief as it may deem appropriate. 
 F. The panel shall interpret this Contract as an honorable engagement rather than as merely a legal obligation and shall make its decision considering the custom and practice of the applicable insurance and reinsurance business as promptly as possible after the hearings. Judgment upon an award may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof. 
 G. Each party shall bear the expense of its own arbitrator and shall jointly and equally bear with the other party the cost of the third arbitrator. The remaining costs of the arbitration shall be allocated by the panel. The panel may, at its discretion, award such further costs and expenses as it considers appropriate, including but not limited to attorneys fees, to the extent permitted by law. 
 
 ARTICLE 28 
 
 SERVICE OF SUIT 
 A. This Article applies only to those Subscribing Reinsurers not domiciled in the United States of America, and or not authorized in any state, territory and or district of the United States of America where authorization is required by insurance regulatory authorities. 
 B. This Article shall not be read to conflict with or override the obligations of the parties to arbitrate their disputes as provided for in the Arbitration Article. This Article is intended as an aid to compelling arbitration or enforcing such arbitration or arbitral award, not as an alternative to the Arbitration Article for resolving disputes arising out of this Contract. 
 C. In the event of the failure of the Reinsurer to perform its obligations hereunder, the Reinsurer, at the request of the Company, shall submit to the jurisdiction of a court of competent jurisdiction within the United States. Nothing in this Article constitutes or should be understood to constitute a waiver of the Reinsurer s rights to commence an action in any court of competent jurisdiction in the United States, to remove an action to a United States District Court, or to seek a transfer of a case to another court as permitted by the laws of the United States or of any state in the United States. The Reinsurer, once the appropriate court is selected, whether such court is the one originally chosen by the Company and accepted by the Reinsurer or is determined by removal, transfer, or otherwise, as provided for above, shall comply with all requirements necessary to give said court jurisdiction and, in any suit instituted against the Reinsurer upon this Contract, shall abide by the final decision of such court or of any appellate court in the event of an appeal. 
 D. Service of process in such suit may be made upon 
 1. as respects Underwriting Members of Lloyd s, London Lloyd s America, Inc., Attention Legal Department, 280 Park Avenue, East Tower, 25 th Floor, New York, New York 10017 
 2. as respects any other Subscribing Reinsurer Messrs. Mendes and Mount, 750 Seventh Avenue, New York, New York 10019-6829, or another party specifically designated in the Subscribing Reinsurer s Interests and Liabilities Agreement attached hereto. 
 The above-named are authorized and directed to accept service of process on behalf of the Reinsurer in any such suit. 

E. Further, pursuant to any statute of any state, territory or district of the United States that makes provision therefor, the Reinsurer hereby designates the Superintendent, Commissioner or Director of Insurance, or other officer specified for that purpose in the statute, or his successor or successors in office, as its true and lawful attorney upon whom may be served any lawful process in any action, suit or proceeding instituted by or on behalf of the Company or any beneficiary hereunder arising out of this Contract, and hereby designates the above-named as the person to whom the said officer is authorized to mail such process or a true copy thereof. 
 ARTICLE 29 
 
 GOVERNING LAW 
 This Contract shall be governed as to performance, administration and interpretation by the laws of the State of Delaware, exclusive of conflict of law rules. However, with respect to credit for reinsurance, the rules of all applicable states shall apply. 
 
 ARTICLE 30 
 
 ENTIRE AGREEMENT 
 This Contract sets forth all of the duties and obligations between the Company and the Reinsurer and supersedes any and all prior or contemporaneous written agreements with respect to matters referred to in this Contract. This Contract may not be modified or changed except by an amendment to this Contract in writing signed by both parties. However, this Article shall not be construed as limiting the admissibility of evidence regarding the formation, interpretation, purpose or intent of this Contract. 
 
 ARTICLE 31 
 
 NON-WAIVER 
 The failure of the Company or the Reinsurer to insist on compliance with this Contract or to exercise any right or remedy hereunder shall not constitute a waiver of any rights contained in this Contract nor prevent either party from thereafter demanding full and complete compliance nor prevent either party from exercising such remedy in the future. 
 
 ARTICLE 32 
 
 INTERMEDIARY 
 Guy Carpenter & Company, LLC, is hereby recognized as the Intermediary negotiating this Contract for all business hereunder. All communications (including notices, statements, premiums, return premiums, commissions, taxes, losses, Loss Adjustment Expenses, salvages, and loss settlements) relating thereto shall be transmitted to the Company or the Reinsurer through the Intermediary. Payments by the Company to the Intermediary shall be deemed payment to the Reinsurer. Payments by the Reinsurer to the Intermediary shall be deemed payment to the Company only to the extent that such payments are actually received by the Company. 

ARTICLE 33 
 
 MODE OF EXECUTION 
 A. This Contract may be executed by 
 1. an original written ink signature of paper documents 
 2. an exchange of facsimile copies showing the original written ink signature of paper documents 
 3. electronic signature technology employing computer software and a digital signature or digitizer pen pad to capture a person s handwritten signature in such a manner that the signature is unique to the person signing, is under the sole control of the person signing, is capable of verification to authenticate the signature and is linked to the document signed in such a manner that if the data is changed, such signature is invalidated. 
 B. The use of any one or a combination of these methods of execution shall constitute a legally binding and valid signing of this Contract. This Contract may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which, when duly executed, shall be deemed an original. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Contract to be executed by its duly authorized representative, who also confirms the Company s review of and agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions of the Interests and Liabilities Agreements attached to and forming part of this Contract, this 25th day of February , in the year of 2022 . 

METROMILE INSURANCE COMPANY 

s Dan Preston Dan Preston President 

PERSONAL AUTOMOBILE QUOTA SHARE REINSURANCE CONTRACT 

NUCLEAR INCIDENT EXCLUSION CLAUSE - PHYSICAL DAMAGE - REINSURANCE - U.S.A. 
 1. This Reinsurance does not cover any loss or liability accruing to the Reassured, directly or indirectly, and whether as Insurer or Reinsurer, from any Pool of Insurers or Reinsurers formed for the purpose of covering Atomic or Nuclear Energy risks. 
 2. Without in any way restricting the operation of paragraph (1) of this clause, this Reinsurance does not cover any loss or liability accruing to the Reassured, directly or indirectly and whether as Insurer or Reinsurer, from any insurance against Physical Damage (including business interruption or consequential loss arising out of such Physical Damage) to 
 I. Nuclear reactor power plants including all auxiliary property on the site, or 
 II. Any other nuclear reactor installation, including laboratories handling radioactive materials in connection with reactor installations, and critical facilities as such, or 
 III. Installations for fabricating complete fuel elements or for processing substantial quantities of special nuclear material , and for reprocessing, salvaging, chemically separating, storing or disposing of spent nuclear fuel or waste materials, or 
 IV. Installations other than those listed in paragraph (2) III above using substantial quantities of radioactive isotopes or other products of nuclear fission. 
 3. Without in any way restricting the operations of paragraphs (1) and (2) hereof, this Reinsurance does not cover any loss or liability by radioactive contamination accruing to the Reassured, directly or indirectly, and whether as Insurer or Reinsurer, from any insurance on property which is on the same site as a nuclear reactor power plant or other nuclear installation and which normally would be insured therewith except that this paragraph (3) shall not operate 
 (a) where Reassured does not have knowledge of such nuclear reactor power plant or nuclear installation, or 
 (b) where said insurance contains a provision excluding coverage for damage to property caused by or resulting from radioactive contamination, however caused. However on and after 1st January 1960 this sub-paragraph (b) shall only apply provided the said radioactive contamination exclusion provision has been approved by the Governmental Authority having jurisdiction thereof. 
 4. Without in any way restricting the operations of paragraphs (1), (2) and (3) hereof, this Reinsurance does not cover any loss or liability by radioactive contamination accruing to the Reassured, directly or indirectly, and whether as Insurer or Reinsurer, when such radioactive contamination is a named hazard specifically insured against. 
 
 5. It is understood and agreed that this clause shall not extend to risks using radioactive isotopes in any form where the nuclear exposure is not considered by the Reassured to be the primary hazard. 
 6. The term special nuclear material shall have the meaning given it in the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 or by any law amendatory thereof. 
 7. Reassured to be sole judge of what constitutes 

(a) substantial quantities, and 
 (b) the extent of installation, plant or site. 
 Note Without in any way restricting the operation of paragraph (1) hereof, it is understood and agreed that 
 
 (a) all policies issued by the Reassured on or before 31st December 1957 shall be free from the application of the other provisions of this Clause until expiry date or 31st December 1960 whichever first occurs whereupon all the provisions of this Clause shall apply. 
 (b) with respect to any risk located in Canada policies issued by the Reassured on or before 31st December 1958 shall be free from the application of the other provisions of this Clause until expiry date or 31st December 1960 whichever first occurs whereupon all the provisions of this Clause shall apply. 
 
 12 12 57 
 NMA 1119 
 
 NOTES Wherever used herein the terms 
 
 Reassured shall be understood to mean Company , Reinsured , Reassured or whatever other term is used in the attached reinsurance document to designate the reinsured company or companies. 
 
 Agreement shall be understood to mean Agreement , Contract , Policy or whatever other term is used to designate the attached reinsurance document. 
 
 Reinsurers shall be understood to mean Reinsurers , Underwriters or whatever other term is used in the attached reinsurance document to designate the reinsurer or reinsurers. 

NUCLEAR INCIDENT EXCLUSION CLAUSE - LIABILITY - REINSURANCE - U.S.A. 
 (1) This reinsurance does not cover any loss or liability accruing to the Reassured as a member of, or subscriber to, any association of insurers or reinsurers formed for the purpose of covering nuclear energy risks or as a direct or indirect reinsurer of any such member, subscriber or association. 
 (2) Without in any way restricting the operation of paragraph (1) of this Clause it is understood and agreed that for all purposes of this reinsurance all the original policies of the Reassured (new, renewal and replacement) of the classes specified in Clause II of this paragraph (2) from the time specified in Clause III in this paragraph (2) shall be deemed to include the following provision (specified as the Limited Exclusion Provision) 
 Limited Exclusion Provision. 
 I. It is agreed that the policy does not apply under any liability coverage, to 
 injury, sickness, disease, death or destruction 
 bodily injury or property damage 
 with respect to which an insured under the policy is also an insured under a nuclear energy liability policy issued by Nuclear Energy Liability Insurance Association, Mutual Atomic Energy Liability Underwriters or Nuclear Insurance Association of Canada, or would be an insured under any such policy but for its termination upon exhaustion of its limit of liability. 
 II. Family Automobile Policies (liability only), Special Automobile Policies (private passenger automobiles, liability only), Farmers Comprehensive Personal Liability Policies (liability only), Comprehensive Personal Liability Policies (liability only) or policies of a similar nature and the liability portion of combination forms related to the four classes of policies stated above, such as the Comprehensive Dwelling Policy and the applicable types of Homeowners Policies. 
 III. The inception dates and thereafter of all original policies as described in II above, whether new, renewal or replacement, being policies which either 
 (a) become effective on or after 1st May, 1960, or 
 (b) become effective before that date and contain the Limited Exclusion Provision set out above 
 provided this paragraph (2) shall not be applicable to Family Automobile Policies, Special Automobile Policies, or policies or combination policies of a similar nature, issued by the Reassured on New York risks, until 90 days following approval of the Limited Exclusion Provision by the Governmental Authority having jurisdiction thereof. 
 
 (3) Except for those classes of policies specified in Clause II of paragraph (2) and without in any way restricting the operation of paragraph (1) of this Clause, it is understood and agreed that for all purposes of this reinsurance the original liability policies of the Reassured (new, renewal and replacement) affording the following coverages 
 Owners, Landlords and Tenants Liability, Contractual Liability, Elevator Liability, Owners or Contractors (including railroad) Protective Liability, Manufacturers and 

Contractors Liability, Product Liability, Professional and Malpractice Liability, Storekeepers Liability, Garage Liability, Automobile Liability (including Massachusetts Motor Vehicle or Garage Liability) 
 shall be deemed to include, with respect to such coverages, from the time specified in Clause V of this paragraph (3), the following provision (specified as the Broad Exclusion Provision) 
 Broad Exclusion Provision. 
 It is agreed that the policy does not apply 
 I. Under any Liability Coverage, to 
 injury, sickness, disease, death or destruction 
 bodily injury or property damage 
 (a) with respect to which an insured under the policy is also an insured under a nuclear energy liability policy issued by Nuclear Energy Liability Insurance Association, Mutual Atomic Energy Liability Underwriters or Nuclear Insurance Association of Canada, or would be an insured under any such policy but for its termination upon exhaustion of its limit of liability or 
 (b) resulting from the hazardous properties of nuclear material and with respect to which (1) any person or organization is required to maintain financial protection pursuant to the Atomic Energy Act of 1954, or any law amendatory thereof, or 
 (2) the insured is, or had this policy not been issued would be, entitled to indemnity from the United States of America, or any agency thereof, under any agreement entered into by the United States of America, or any agency thereof, with any person or organization. 
 II. Under any Medical Payments Coverage, or under any Supplementary Payments Provision relating to 
 immediate medical or surgical relief 
 first aid, 
 
 to expenses incurred with respect to 
 bodily injury, sickness, disease or death 
 bodily injury 
 resulting from the hazardous properties of nuclear material and arising out of the operation of a nuclear facility by any person or organization. 
 III. Under any Liability Coverage, to 
 injury, sickness, disease, death or destruction 
 bodily injury or property damage 
 resulting from the hazardous properties of nuclear material, if 

(a) the nuclear material (1) is at any nuclear facility owned by, or operated by or on behalf of, an insured or (2) has been discharged or dispersed therefrom 
 (b) the nuclear material is contained in spent fuel or waste at any time possessed, handled, used, processed, stored, transported or disposed of by or on behalf of an insured or 
 (c) the 
 
 injury, sickness, disease, death or destruction 
 bodily injury or property damage 
 arises out of the furnishing by an insured of services, materials, parts or equipment in connection with the planning, construction, maintenance, operation or use of any nuclear facility, but if such facility is located within the United States of America, its territories or possessions or Canada, this exclusion 
 (c) applies only to 
 injury to or destruction of property at such nuclear facility. 
 property damage to such nuclear facility and any property thereat. 
 IV. As used in this endorsement 
 hazardous properties include radioactive, toxic or explosive properties nuclear material means source material, special nuclear material or byproduct material source material , special nuclear material , and byproduct material have themeanings given them in the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 or in any law amendatory thereof spent fuel means any fuel element or fuel component, solid or liquid, which has been used or exposed to radiation in a nuclear reactor waste means any waste material (1) containing byproduct material other than the tailings or wastes produced by the extraction or concentration of uranium or thorium from any ore processed primarily for its source material content and (2) resulting from the operation by any person or organization of any nuclear facility included under the first two paragraphs of the definition of nuclear facility nuclear facility means 
 (a) any nuclear reactor, 
 (b) any equipment or device designed or used for (1) separating the isotopes of uranium or plutonium, (2) processing or utilizing spent fuel, or (3) handling, processing or packaging waste, 
 (c) any equipment or device used for the processing, fabricating or alloying of special nuclear material if at any time the total amount of such material in the custody of the insured at the premises where such equipment or device is located consists of or contains more than 25 grams of plutonium or uranium 233 or any combination thereof, or more than 250 grams of uranium 235, 
 (d) any structure, basin, excavation, premises or place prepared or used for the storage or disposal of waste, 
 and includes the site on which any of the foregoing is located, all operations conducted on such site and all premises used for such operations nuclear reactor means any apparatus designed or used to sustain nuclear fission in a self-supporting chain reaction or to contain a critical mass of fissionable material 

With respect to injury to or destruction of property, the word injury or destruction includes all forms of radioactive contamination of property. property damage includes all forms of radioactive contamination of property. 
 V. The inception dates and thereafter of all original policies affording coverages specified in this paragraph (3), whether new, renewal or replacement, being policies which become effective on or after 1st May, 1960, provided this paragraph (3) shall not be applicable to 
 (i) Garage and Automobile Policies issued by the Reassured on New York risks, or 
 (ii) statutory liability insurance required under Chapter 90, General Laws of Massachusetts, 
 until 90 days following approval of the Broad Exclusion Provision by the Governmental Authority having jurisdiction thereof. 

(4) Without in any way restricting the operation of paragraph (1) of this Clause, it is understood and agreed that paragraphs (2) and (3) above are not applicable to original liability policies of the Reassured in Canada and that with respect to such policies this Clause shall be deemed to include the Nuclear Energy Liability Exclusion Provisions adopted by the Canadian Underwriters Association or the Independent Insurance Conference of Canada. 

NOTE. The words printed in italics in the Limited Exclusion Provision and in the Broad Exclusion Provision shall apply only in relation to original liability policies which include a Limited Exclusion Provision or a Broad Exclusion Provision containing those words. 

NOTES Wherever used herein the terms 
 
 Reassured shall be understood to mean Company , Reinsured , Reassured or whatever other term is used in the attached reinsurance document to designate the reinsured company or companies. 
 
 Agreement shall be understood to mean Agreement , Contract , Policy or whatever other term is used to designate the attached reinsurance document. 
 
 Reinsurers shall be understood to mean Reinsurers , Underwriters or whatever other term is used in the attached reinsurance document to designate the reinsurer or reinsurers. 
 
 21 9 67 
 NMA 1590 (amended) 

NORTH AMERICAN WAR EXCLUSION CLAUSE (REINSURANCE) 
 1. As regards interests which at time of loss or damage are on shore, no liability shall attach hereto in respect of any loss or damage which is occasioned by war invasion, hostilities, acts of foreign enemies, civil war, rebellion, insurrection, military or usurped power, or martial law or confiscation by order of any government or public authority. 
 2. This War Exclusion Clause shall not, however, apply to interests which at time of loss or damage are within the territorial limits of the United States of America (comprising the fifty States of the Union, the District of Columbia, and including bridges between the 
 U.S.A. and Mexico provided they are under United States ownership), Canada, St. Pierre and Miquelon, provided such interests are insured under policies, endorsements or binders containing a standard war or hostilities or warlike operations exclusion clause. 

CYBER LOSS LIMITED EXCLUSION CLAUSE (PROPERTY TREATY REINSURANCE) NO. 1 
 1 Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary within this reinsurance agreement or any endorsement thereto, this reinsurance agreement excludes all loss, damage, liability, cost or expense of whatsoever nature directly or indirectly caused by, contributed to by, resulting from, arising out of or in connection with 
 1.1 any loss of, alteration of, or damage to or a reduction in the functionality, availability or operation of a Computer System, unless subject to the provisions of paragraph 2 
 1.2 any loss of use, reduction in functionality, repair, replacement, restoration or reproduction of any Data, including any amount pertaining to the value of such Data. 
 2 Subject to the other terms, conditions and exclusions contained in this reinsurance agreement, this reinsurance agreement will cover physical damage to property insured under the original policies and any Time Element Loss directly resulting therefrom where such physical damage is directly occasioned by any of the following perils 
 fire, lightning, explosion, aircraft or vehicle impact, falling objects, windstorm, hail, tornado, cyclone, hurricane, earthquake, volcano, tsunami, flood, freeze or weight of snow 
 Definitions 
 
 3 Computer System means any computer, hardware, software, communications system, electronic device (including, but not limited to, smart phone, laptop, tablet, wearable device), server, cloud or microcontroller including any similar system or any configuration of the aforementioned and including any associated input, output, data storage device, networking equipment or back up facility. 
 4 Data means information, facts, concepts, code or any other information of any kind that is recorded or transmitted in a form to be used, accessed, processed, transmitted or stored by a Computer System. 
 5 Time Element Loss means business interruption, contingent business interruption or any other consequential losses. 

LMA5410 
 06 March 2020 

TRUST AGREEMENT REQUIREMENTS CLAUSE 
 A. Except as provided in paragraph B of this Clause, if the Reinsurer satisfies its funding obligations under the Unauthorized Reinsurance Article by providing a Trust Agreement, the Reinsurer shall ensure that the Trust Agreement 
 1. Requires the Reinsurer to establish a trust account for the benefit of the Company, and specifies what the Trust Agreement is to cover 
 2. Stipulates that assets deposited in the trust account shall be valued according to their current fair market value and shall consist only of cash (United States legal tender), certificates of deposit (issued by a United States bank and payable in United States legal tender), and investments of the types permitted by the regulatory authorities having jurisdiction over the Company s reserves, or any combination of the three, provided that the investments are issued by an institution that is not the parent, subsidiary or affiliate of either the Reinsurer or the Company 
 3. Requires the Reinsurer, prior to depositing assets with the trustee, to execute assignments or endorsements in blank, or to transfer legal title to the trustee of all shares, obligations or any other assets requiring assignments, in order that the Company, or the trustee upon the direction of the Company, may whenever necessary negotiate these assets without consent or signature from the Reinsurer or any other entity 
 4. Requires that all settlements of account between the Company and the Reinsurer be made in cash or its equivalent and 
 5. Provides that assets in the trust account shall be withdrawn only as permitted in this Contract, without diminution because of the insolvency of the Company or the Reinsurer. 
 B. If a ceding insurer is domiciled in California and the Reinsurer satisfies its funding obligations under the Unauthorized Reinsurance Article by providing a Trust Agreement, the Reinsurer shall ensure that the Trust Agreement 
 1. Provides that assets deposited in the trust account shall be valued according to their current fair market value and shall consist only of cash in United States dollars, certificates of deposit issued by a United States financial institution as defined in California Insurance Code Section 922.7(a) and payable in United States dollars, and investments permitted by the California Insurance Code, or any combination of the above. 
 2. Provides that investments in or issued by an entity controlling, controlled by or under common control with either the grantor or the beneficiary of the trust shall not exceed 5 of total investments. 

3. Requires the Reinsurer, prior to depositing assets with the trustee, to execute assignments or endorsements in blank, or to transfer legal title to the trustee of all shares, obligations or any other assets requiring assignments, in order that the ceding insurer, or the trustee upon the direction of the ceding insurer, may, whenever necessary, negotiate these assets without consent or signature from the Reinsurer or any other entity. 
 4. Provides that assets in the trust account shall be withdrawn only as permitted in this Contract, without diminution because of the insolvency of the ceding insurer or the Reinsurer. 
 C. If there are multiple ceding insurers that collectively comprise the Company, regulatory authorities as referenced in subparagraph A(2) above, shall mean the individual ceding insurer s domestic regulator. 

INTERESTS AND LIABILITIES AGREEMENT 
 
 (the Agreement 
 of 
 SWISS REINSURANCE AMERICA CORPORATION 
 
 (the Subscribing Reinsurer 
 as respects the 
 PERSONAL AUTOMOBILE QUOTA SHARE REINSURANCE CONTRACT 
 Effective January 1, 2022 
 (the Contract 
 issued to and executed by 
 
 METROMILE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 
 (the Company 
 
 The Subscribing Reinsurer s share in the interests and liabilities of the Reinsurer as set forth in the Contract shall be . 
 
 The share of the Subscribing Reinsurer in the interests and liabilities of the Reinsurer in respect of the Contract shall be separate and apart from the shares of other subscribing reinsurers, if any, on the Contract. The interests and liabilities of the Subscribing Reinsurer shall not be joint with those of such other subscribing reinsurers and in no event shall the Subscribing Reinsurer participate in the interests and liabilities of such other subscribing reinsurers. 
 
 This Agreement shall become effective January 1, 2022 and shall be subject to the provisions of the Term Article and the Special Termination Article and all other terms and conditions of the Contract. 
 
 As respects the Subscribing Reinsurer s share in the Contract, the following shall apply 
 
 1. Paragraphs C and D of Article 4 Special Termination shall not apply. 
 
 2. Subparagraphs B(2), B(4), B(5), B(6) of Article 5 Run-Off Reinsurers shall not apply. 
 
 3. Subparagraph A(4) of Article 12 Reports and Remittances is added and shall read as follows 

4. Upon request and no more than once a quarter, the Company shall furnish the Reinsurer with a Policy bordereau including the following 
 
 a. Policy Number 
 
 b. Named Insured 
 
 c. State 
 
 d. Inception date 
 
 e. Policy limit 
 
 f. Gross Net Earned Premium Income collected 
 
 g. Policy Deductible 
 
 4. Paragraph B of Article 24 Confidentiality is amended to read as follows 
 
 B. Absent the written consent of the Company, the Reinsurer shall not disclose any Confidential Information to any third parties, including any affiliated companies, except 
 
 1. when required by retrocessionaires as respects business ceded to this Contract 
 
 2. when required by regulators performing an audit of the Reinsurer s records and or financial condition 
 
 3. when required by external auditors performing an audit of the Reinsurer s records in the normal course of business 
 
 4. when necessary for the performance of services by third party service providers retained by the Reinsurer under obligations of confidentiality no less restrictive than this Contract or 
 
 5. for internal reinsurance operations. 
 
 Further, the Reinsurer agrees not to use any Confidential Information for any purpose not related to the performance of its obligations or enforcement of its rights under this Contract. 

Premium and loss payments made to Guy Carpenter shall be deposited in a Premium and Loss Account in accordance with Section 32.3(a)(1) of Regulation 98 of the Department of Financial Services of the State of New York. The Subscribing Reinsurer consents to withdrawals from said account in accordance with Section 32.3(a)(3) of the Regulation, including interest and Federal Excise Tax. 
 
 Brokerage hereunder is of gross ceded premium. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Subscribing Reinsurer has caused this Agreement to be executed by its duly authorized representative as follows 
 
 on this day of , in the year . 

SWISS REINSURANCE AMERICA CORPORATION 

s Josephine Harrington 2022 02 24 Assistant Vice President 

METROMILE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 PERSONAL AUTOMOBILE QUOTA SHARE REINSURANCE CONTRACT 

ADDENDUM NO. 1 
 
 to the 
 
 PERSONAL AUTOMOBILE QUOTA SHARE REINSURANCE CONTRACT 
 Effective January 1, 2022 
 (the Contract 
 issued to 
 
 METROMILE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Wilmington, Delaware 
 
 (the Company 
 by 
 THE SUBSCRIBING REINSURER(S) IDENTIFIED 
 IN THE INTERESTS AND LIABILITIES AGREEMENT(S) 
 ATTACHED TO AND FORMING PART OF THE CONTRACT 
 
 (the Reinsurer 
 
 Effective January 1, 2022, with respect to loss occurrences commencing at and after that time and date, paragraph C. of Article 2 Retention and Limit is amended to read 
 
 C. 

All other terms and conditions of the Contract shall remain unchanged. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Addendum to be executed by its duly authorized representative(s) 
 
 this day of , in the year . 

METROMILE INSURANCE COMPANY 

s Dan Preston President 3 3 2022 

PERSONAL AUTOMOBILE QUOTA SHARE REINSURANCE CONTRACT 

ENDORSEMENT NO. 1 
 
 to the 
 
 INTERESTS AND LIABILITIES AGREEMENT 
 Effective January 1, 2022 
 (the Agreement 
 of 
 
 SWISS REINSURANCE AMERICA CORPORATION 
 
 (the Subscribing Reinsurer 
 with respect to the 
 PERSONAL AUTOMOBILE QUOTA SHARE REINSURANCE CONTRACT 
 Effective January 1, 2022 
 (the Contract 
 issued to 
 
 METROMILE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Wilmington, Delaware 
 
 (the Company 

Addendum No. 1 to the Contract, as executed by the Company, shall form part of the Contract, effective January 1, 2022. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Subscribing Reinsurer has caused this Endorsement to be executed by its duly authorized representative(s) as follows 
 
 this day of , in the year . 

SWISS REINSURANCE AMERICA CORPORATION 

s Josephine Harrington Assistant Vice President 2022.03.03 

METROMILE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 
 PERSONAL AUTOMOBILE QUOTA SHARE REINSURANCE CONTRACT 

</EX-10.37>

<EX-21.1>
 5
 lmndye22ex211listofsubsidi.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 21.1 

Subsidiaries of Lemonade, Inc. 
 
 Name State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization Lemonade Agency B.V. Netherlands Lemonade B.V. Netherlands Lemonade E&S Insurance Agency, LLC Delaware Lemonade Insurance Agency, LLC New York Lemonade Insurance Company New York Lemonade Insurance N.V. Netherlands Lemonade Life Insurance Agency, LLC Delaware Lemonade Ltd. Israel Lemonade Tech B.V. Netherlands Metromile Insurance Company Delaware Metromile Insurance Services LLC California Metromile Enterprise Solutions, LLC California Metromile, LLC Delaware Metromile Operating Company Delaware 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 6
 lmndye22ex231consentoferns.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements 
 
 (1) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-266362) pertaining to the 2020 Incentive Award Plan of Lemonade, Inc., Metromile, Inc. 2021 Equity Incentive Plan, and the Metromile, Inc. Amended and Restated 2011 Equity Incentive Plan, 
 (2) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-254011) pertaining to the 2020 Incentive Award Plan and 2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan of Lemonade, Inc., 
 (3) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-239656) pertaining to the 2020 Incentive Award Plan, 2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, and the Amended and Restated 2015 Incentive Share Option Plan., and 
 (4) Registration Statement (Form S-3ASR No. 333-268695) of Lemonade, Inc. 
 
 of our reports dated March 3, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Lemonade, Inc. and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Lemonade, Inc. included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of Lemonade, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

s Ernst & Young LLP 
 New York, New York 
 March 3, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 lmndye22ex311co-ceocertifi.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, Daniel Schreiber, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Lemonade, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date March 3, 2023 By s Daniel Schreiber Daniel Schreiber Co-Chief Executive Officer (co-principal executive officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 lmndye22ex312co-ceocertifi.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, Shai Wininger, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Lemonade, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date March 3, 2023 By s Shai Wininger Shai Wininger Co-Chief Executive Officer (co-principal executive officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-31.3>
 9
 lmndye22ex313cfocertificat.htm
 EX-31.3

Document 

Exhibit 31.3 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, Tim Bixby, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Lemonade, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date March 3, 2023 By s Tim Bixby Tim Bixby Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer) 

</EX-31.3>

<EX-32.1>
 10
 lmndye22ex321co-ceocertifi.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Lemonade, Inc. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Daniel Schreiber, Co-Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date March 3, 2023 By s Daniel Schreiber Daniel Schreiber Co-Chief Executive Officer (co-principal executive officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 11
 lmndye22ex322co-ceocertifi.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Lemonade, Inc. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Shai Wininger, Co-Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date March 3, 2023 By s Shai Wininger Shai Wininger Co-Chief Executive Officer (co-principal executive officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-32.3>
 12
 lmndye22ex323cfocertificat.htm
 EX-32.3

Document 

Exhibit 32.3 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Lemonade, Inc. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Tim Bixby, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date March 3, 2023 By s Tim Bixby Tim Bixby Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer) 

</EX-32.3>

<EX-101.SCH>
 13
 lmnd-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 14
 lmnd-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 15
 lmnd-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 16
 lmnd-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 17
 lmnd-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

