<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230323_10-K_edgar_data_1822366_0001193125-23-077926.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5470415</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>395735</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>892652</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1744913</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1163661</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1109896</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-23-077926.hdr.sgml : 20230323
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230323162954
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-23-077926
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		57
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230323
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230323

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Altitude Acquisition Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001822366
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				852533565
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39772
		FILM NUMBER:		23756631

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1240 WEST WESLEY ROAD
		CITY:			ATLANTA
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30327
		BUSINESS PHONE:		702 449 0012

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1240 WEST WESLEY ROAD
		CITY:			ATLANTA
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30327

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-23-077926.txt : 20230323

10-K
 1
 d424595d10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from 

to 

Commission File Number: 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of

Incorporation or Organization

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

, Georgia 

(Address of Principal Executive Offices)

(Zip Code)

1 ) 

(Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class

Trading

Symbol(s)

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T
 (Section 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated
 filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2
 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the Registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Yes No

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2
 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting
 common equity held by non-affiliates
 of the issuer as of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the Company s most recently completed second fiscal quarter was based on the last reported sale price of the Class A common stock on such date. 
 
 As of March 2 3
, 2023
 , there were shares of Class A common stock, par value 0.0001, and shares of Class B common stock, 0.0001 par value, issued and outstanding. 

 Documents Incorporated by Reference: None. 

Table of Contents 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I 

4 

Item 1. 
 
 Business 

4 

Item 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors 

10 

Item 1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 

43 

Item 2. 
 
 Properties 

43 

Item 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 

43 

Item 4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 

43 

PART II 

44 

Item 5. 
 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. Market Information 

44 

Item 6. 
 
 [Reserved] 

45 

Item 7. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

45 

Item 7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

51 

Item 8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

51 

Item 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

51 

Item 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 

51 

Item 9B. 
 
 Other Information 

52 

Item 9C. 
 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

52 

PART III 

53 

Item 10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

53 

Item 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation 

59 

Item 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

60 

Item 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

61 

Item 14. 
 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

62 

Item 15. 
 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

64 

Item 16. 
 
 Form 10-K Summary 

89 

Table of Contents 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS Certain statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Form 10-K may constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the federal securities laws. Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our or our management team s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, intend, may, might, plan, possible, potential, predict, project, should, would and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Important factors that could affect our actual results and cause them to differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, the items in the following list: 

our ability to successfully search for, conduct due diligence on, and select an appropriate target business or businesses; 

our ability to complete our initial business combination, particularly on fair and/or favorable terms to us and our stockholders; 

our expectations around the performance of the prospective target business or businesses; 

our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; 

our officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination; 

our potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; 

our pool of prospective target businesses; 

the adverse impacts of the COVID-19 outbreak, including efforts to mitigate its impact, and other events (such as terrorist attacks, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases) on our ability to search for and consummate an initial business combination or on any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, including the restaurant and hospitality related sectors; 

the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential acquisition opportunities; 

our public securities potential liquidity and trading; 

the lack of a market for our securities; 

the use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; 

the trust account not being subject to claims of third parties; or 

our financial performance. The forward-looking statements contained in this Form 10-K are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described under the section of this Form 10-K entitled Risk Factors. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. You should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward- looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

PART I References in this report to we, us, Altitude or the Company refer to Altitude Acquisition Corp. References to our management or our management team refer to our officers and directors, and references to the Sponsor refer to Altitude Acquisition Holdco LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. Item 1. Business. Introduction We are a blank check company formed as a Delaware corporation for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses (the business combination ). On December 9, 2022, we announced that we had signed a non-binding letter of intent for our initial business combination with a leading global medical device manufacturer Target ), which is described in more detail below. We intend to negotiate and consummate a business combination with the Target, but we are not able to assure you whether we will complete a business combination with the Target or with any other target business. We also have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenue to date. Based on our business activities, the Company is a shell company as defined under the Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act because we have no operations and nominal assets consisting almost entirely of cash. On December 11, 2020, we consummated our initial public offering (the initial public offering or IPO of 30,000,000 units (the units ), including 3,900,000 units issued to the underwriters based on a partial exercise of their over-allotment option. Each unit consists of one share of Class A common stock and one-half of one redeemable warrant, with each whole warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one share of Class A common stock for 11.50 per share. The units were sold at a price of 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds of 300 million. Simultaneously with the consummation of the initial public offering, we completed the private sale (the private placement of an aggregate of 8,000,000 warrants (the private placement warrants to the Sponsor at a purchase price of 1.00 per warrant, generating gross proceeds of 8 million. Prior to the consummation of the initial public offering, on August 12, 2020, we issued an aggregate of 8,625,000 shares (the founder shares of our Class B common stock to our Sponsor for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000 in cash. On November 30, 2020, our Sponsor surrendered an aggregate of 1,437,500 founder shares to us for no consideration, resulting in our Sponsor holding an aggregate of 7,503,750 founder shares. On December 11, 2020 the underwriters partially exercised their over-allotment option, and as a result, 975,000 founder shares were no longer subject to forfeiture and 3,750 founder shares were forfeited for no consideration. Accordingly, this resulted in our Sponsor holding an aggregate of 7,500,000 founder shares. A total of 300,000,000, comprised of 292,000,000 of the proceeds from the initial public offering (which amount includes 10,500,000 of the underwriters deferred discount) and 8,000,000 of the proceeds of the sale of the private placement warrants, was placed in a U.S.-based trust account (the trust account at J.P. Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., maintained by Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company CST ), acting as trustee. On December 5, 2022, in order to mitigate the risk of being deemed an unregistered investment company, we instructed CST to liquidate the securities held in the trust account and instead hold all funds in the trust account in an interest-bearing bank deposit account. As a result, following such change, we will likely receive minimal, if any, interest, on the funds held in the trust account. As of December 31, 2022, there was 16,975,796 in cash held in the trust account. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

Extensions On June 10, 2022, we held a special meeting of stockholders (the June Special Meeting ). At the June Special Meeting, the Company s stockholders approved an amendment to the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to extend the date by which the Company must complete its initial business combination from June 11, 2022 to October 11, 2022 (the June Extension Amendment Proposal ). In connection with the June Special Meeting, stockholders holding an aggregate of 24,944,949 shares of the Company s Class A common stock exercised their right to redeem their shares for approximately 10.01 per share of the funds held in the Company s trust account, leaving approximately 50,600,000 of investment held in trust account after satisfaction of such redemptions. Prior to the June Special Meeting, on June 9, 2022, we entered into non redemption agreements (collectively, the June Non-Redemption Agreements with certain of our existing stockholders (the June Non-Redeeming Stockholders holding an aggregate of 1,250,000 shares of Class A common stock. Pursuant to the June Non-Redemption Agreements, the June Non-Redeeming Stockholders agreed to (a) not redeem any shares of Class A common stock held by them on the date of the Non-Redemption Agreements in connection with the June Extension Amendment Proposal, (b) vote all of their Shares in favor of the June Extension Amendment Proposal and any initial business combination presented by the Company for approval by its stockholders, and (c) not Transfer (as such term is defined in the June Non-Redemption Agreements) any of their shares until the earlier of October 11, 2022 and consummation of the Company s initial business combination (the Termination Date ). In connection with the June Non-Redemption Agreements, Gary Teplis, the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, agreed to pay to each June Non-Redeeming Stockholder 0.033 per share in cash per month through the Termination Date as a result Gary Teplis contibuted a total of 184,929 as part of the executed June Non-Redemption Agreements. On October 6, 2022, we held a special meeting of stockholders (the October Special Meeting ). At the October Special Meeting, the Company s stockholders approved an amendment to the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to extend the date by which the Company must complete a business combination from October 11, 2022 to April 11, 2023 (the October Extension Amendment Proposal ). In connection with the October Special Meeting, stockholders holding an aggregate of 3,382,949 shares of the Company s Class A common stock exercised their right to redeem their shares for approximately 10.05 per share of the funds held in the Company s trust account, leaving approximately 16,810,087 in cash in the trust account after satisfaction of such redemptions. Prior to the October Special Meeting, on October 5, 2022, we entered into a non-redemption agreement (the October Non-Redemption Agreement with one of our existing stockholders (the October Non-Redeeming Stockholder holding an aggregate of 223,124 shares of Class A common stock, par value 0.0001, of the Company. Pursuant to the October Non-Redemption Agreement, the October Non-Redeeming Stockholder agreed to (a) not redeem the shares in connection with the October Extension Amendment Proposal and (b) vote all of its shares in favor of the October Extension Amendment Proposal. In connection with the October Non-Redemption Agreement, Gary Teplis, the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, agreed to pay to the October Non-Redeeming Stockholder 0.05 per Share per month through April 11, 2023, in a single cash payment within 45 days from the date of the October Non-Redemption Agreement as a result Gary Teplis contibuted a total 66,937 as part of the executed October Non-Redemption Agreements. Nasdaq Deficiency Notice On January 9, 2023, the Company received a deficiency notice (the Deficiency Notice from Nasdaq indicating that the Company failed to hold an annual meeting of stockholders within 12 months after its fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, as required by Nasdaq Listing Rule 5620(a). The Company submitted a plan to regain compliance Nasdaq granted the Company until April 11, 2023, its current liquidation date, to regain compliance. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

Preliminary Proxy Statement On March 6 , 2023, we filed a preliminary proxy statement seeking stockholder approval to (i) extend the date by which the Company must consummate a business merger (the Extension Amendment Proposal ), (ii) provide for the right of a holder of Class B common stock to convert their shares of Class B common stock into shares of Class A common stock (the Founder Share Amendment Proposal ), (iii) remove the limitation that the Company shall not consummate a business combination if it would cause the Company s net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 and the limitation that the Company shall not redeem public shares that would cause the Company s net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 following such redemptions (the Redemption Limitation Amendment Proposal and (iv) re-elect Hilton Sturisky as a Class I director to serve for a term of three years or until his successor is duly elected or appointed and qualified (the Director Election Proposal ). Effecting Our Initial Business Combination General We are not presently engaged in, and we will not engage in, any operations for an indefinite period of time. We intend to effectuate our initial business combination using cash held in the trust account, the proceeds of the sale of our shares in connection with our initial business combination (including pursuant to forward purchase agreements or backstop agreements we may enter into), shares issued to the owners of the target, debt issued to bank or other lenders or the owners of the target, or a combination of the foregoing. We may seek to complete our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, which would subject us to the numerous risks inherent in such companies and businesses. If our initial business combination is paid for using equity or debt securities, or not all of the funds released from the trust account are used for payment of the consideration in connection with our initial business combination or used for redemptions of our Class A common stock, we may apply the balance of the cash released to us from the trust account for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations of the post-transaction company, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital. Selection of a target business and structuring of our initial business combination We may pursue an initial business combination target in any industry or geographic region. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (as amended on June 10, 2022 and October 6, 2022, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation prohibits us from effectuating a business combination with another blank check company or similar company with nominal operations. Nasdaq rules require that we must complete one or more business combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the value of the assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the trust account) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. Our board of directors will make the determination as to the fair market value of our initial business combination. If our board of directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of our initial business combination, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA or a valuation or appraisal from an independent accounting firm with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. While we consider it unlikely that our board of directors will not be able to make an independent determination of the fair market value of our initial business combination, it may be unable to do so if it is less familiar or experienced with the business of a particular target or if there is a significant amount of uncertainty as to the value of the target s assets or prospects. We anticipate structuring our initial business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders own shares will own or acquire 100 of the equity interests or assets of the target business 
 6 

Table of Contents 

or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial business combination such that the post-transaction company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or stockholders, or for other reasons, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our stockholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be taken into account for purposes of Nasdaq s 80 of net assets test described above. If the business combination involves more than one target business, the 80 of net assets test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the target businesses. In evaluating prospective business combinations, we expect to conduct a thorough due diligence review process that will encompass, among other things, a review of historical and projected financial and operating data, meetings with management and their advisors (if applicable), on-site inspection of facilities and assets, discussion with customers and suppliers, legal reviews and other reviews as we deem appropriate. The time required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs associated with this process, are not currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of a prospective target business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our Sponsor or our officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our Sponsor, our officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm that our initial business combination is fair to our Company from a financial point of view. Redemption rights for holders of public shares upon consummation of the initial business combination We will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of Class A common stock upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our franchise and income taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in the trust account was approximately 10.00 per public share as of December 31, 2022, net of interest available to pay for income and franchise taxes. The per-share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriters. Our Sponsor, our officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares, shares of Class A common stock underlying the private placement warrants and any public shares held by them in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

Conduct of redemptions pursuant to tender offer rules If we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), we will, pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation: (a) conduct the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers; and (b) file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies. Submission of our initial business combination to a stockholder vote In the event that we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection therewith, provide our public stockholders with the redemption rights described above upon completion of the business combination. If we seek stockholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock are voted in favor of the initial business combination. In such case, our initial stockholders have agreed to vote their founder shares and any public shares purchased, in favor of our initial business combination. Each public stockholder may elect to redeem its public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. In addition, our initial stockholders have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares, shares of Class A common stock underlying the private placement warrants and any public shares they may hold in connection with the consummation of the initial business combination. If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our Sponsor, initial stockholders, directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase public shares in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market prior to or following stockholder meeting called to approve our initial business combination, although they are under no obligation to do so. Such public shares purchased by the Sponsor, initial stockholders, directors, executive officers, advisors or affiliates would be (a) purchased at a price no higher than the redemption price for the public shares, which as of December 31, 2022 was estimated to be 10.15 per share and (b) would not be (i) voted by the initial stockholders or their respective affiliates or (ii) redeemable by the initial stockholders or their respective affiliates. Any such purchases that are completed after the record date for the special meeting of stockholders called to approve our initial business combination may include an agreement with a selling stockholder that such stockholder, for so long as it remains the record holder of the shares in question, will vote in favor of our initial business combination and/or will not exercise its redemption rights with respect to the shares so purchased. The purpose of such share purchases and other transactions would be to increase the likelihood that the proposals to be voted upon are approved by the requisite number of votes and to reduce the number of public shares that are redeemed. In the event that such purchases do occur, the purchasers may seek to purchase shares from stockholders who would otherwise have voted against the business combination and elected to redeem their shares for a portion of the trust account. Any such privately negotiated purchases may be effected at purchase prices that are below or in excess of the per-share pro rata portion of the trust account. Any public shares held by or subsequently purchased by our affiliates may be voted in favor of the business combination. None of the initial stockholders, advisors or their respective affiliates may make any such purchases when they are in possession of any material non-public information not disclosed to the seller or during a restricted period under Regulation M under the Exchange Act. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. In addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our shares of Class A common stock or public warrants may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

Limitation on Redemption upon Completion of our Initial Business Combination if we Seek Stockholder Approval Notwithstanding the foregoing redemption rights, if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 20 of the shares sold in the initial public offering, which we refer to as the Excess Shares. Such restriction shall also be applicable to our affiliates. We believe this restriction will discourage stockholders from accumulating large blocks of shares, and subsequent attempts by such holders to use their ability redeem their shares as a means to force us or our management to purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. Absent this provision, a public stockholder holding more than an aggregate of 20 of the shares sold in our initial public offering could threaten to exercise its redemption rights against a business combination if such holder s shares are not purchased by us, our Sponsor or our management at a premium to the then-current market price or other undesirable terms. By limiting our stockholders ability to redeem no more than 20 of the shares sold in our initial public offering, we believe we will limit the ability of a small group of stockholders to unreasonably attempt to block our ability to complete our initial business combination, particularly in connection with a business combination with a target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. However, we would not be restricting our stockholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Redemption of Public Shares and Liquidation if no Initial Business Combination Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we will have until April 11, 2023, to complete our initial business combination. If we do not further extend such date with the approval of stockholders or we are unable to complete our initial business combination by April 11, 2023, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account (which interest is net of taxes payable and up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to complete our initial business combination by April 11, 2023. Competition In identifying, evaluating and selecting a target business for our initial business combination, we may encounter competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including other special purpose acquisition companies, private equity groups and leveraged buyout funds public companies, and operating businesses seeking strategic acquisitions. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these competitors possess greater financial, technical, human and other resources than us. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of a target business. Furthermore, our obligation to pay cash in connection with our public stockholders who exercise their redemption rights may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination and our outstanding warrants, and the future dilution they potentially represent, may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses. Either of these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating an initial business combination. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

Employees We currently have two (2) officers: Gary Teplis and Farris Griggs. These individuals are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters, but they intend to devote as much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time they will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial business combination and the stage of the initial business combination process we are in. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Available Information We are required to file Annual Reports on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q with the SEC on a regular basis, and are required to disclose certain material events in a Current Report on Form 8-K. The SEC maintains an Internet website that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. The SEC s Internet website is located at www.sec.gov. In addition, the Company will provide copies of these documents without charge upon request from us in writing at 400 Perimeter Center Terrace Suite 151 Atlanta, Georgia 30346 or by telephone at 1 (800) 950-2950. Item 1A. Risk Factors. An investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully all of the risks described below, together with the other information contained in this Form 10-K, before making a decision to invest in our units. If any of the following events occur, our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. Risk Factor Summary 

We are a blank check company with no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. 

Our public stockholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed initial business combination, which means we may complete our initial business combination even though a majority of our public stockholders do not support such a combination. 

Your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash. 

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, our initial stockholders and management team have agreed to vote in favor of such initial business combination, regardless of how our public stockholders vote. 

The ability of our public stockholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination targets, which may make it difficult for us to enter into a business combination with a target. 

The ability of our public stockholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure. 

The requirement that we complete our initial business combination by April 11, 2023 may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a business combination and may limit the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets, in particular as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our initial business combination on terms that would produce value for our stockholders. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

The novel coronavirus, or COVID-19, pandemic, including the efforts to mitigate its impact, has and may continue to have a material adverse effect on our search for a business combination, as well as any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination. 

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, our Sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may elect to purchase shares or warrants from public stockholders, which may influence a vote on a proposed business combination and reduce the public float of our securities. 

If a stockholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our initial business combination, or fails to comply with the procedures for submitting or tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. 

You will not have any rights or interests in funds from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. Therefore, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. 

Nasdaq may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions. 

You will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies. 

If we are deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, we may be forced to abandon our efforts to complete an initial business combination and instead be required to liquidate the Company. To mitigate the risk of that result, December 5, 2022, we instructed CST to liquidate the securities held in the trust account and instead hold all funds in the trust account in an 

interest-bearing bank deposit account. As a result, following such change, we will likely receive minimal, if any, interest, on the funds held in the trust account, which would reduce the dollar amount that our public stockholders would have otherwise received upon any redemption or liquidation of the Company if the assets in the trust account had remained in U.S. government securities or money market funds. 

A new 1 U.S. federal excise tax could be imposed on us in connection with redemptions by us of our shares. 

Because of our limited resources and the significant competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. If we have not completed our initial business combination within the required time period, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share, or less in certain circumstances, on our redemption of their shares, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

Past performance by our management team and their affiliates, including investments and transactions in which they have participated and businesses with which they have been associated, may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in the Company. 

Unlike some other similarly structured special purpose acquisition companies, our initial stockholders will receive additional shares of Class A common stock if we issue certain shares to consummate an initial business combination. 

We have until April 11, 2023 to consummate a business combination. If we are unable to complete a business combination prior to April 11, 2023, the Company will redeem 100 of the outstanding public shares for a pro rata portion of the funds held in the trust account, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to the Company to pay its franchise and income taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to applicable law and as further described in registration statement, and then seek to dissolve and liquidate. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

Risks Relating to our Search for, and Consummation of or Inability to Consummate, a Business Combination Our stockholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed initial business combination, and even if we hold a vote, holders of our founder shares will participate in such vote, which means we may complete our initial business combination even though a majority of our public stockholders do not support such a combination. We may choose not to hold a stockholder vote to approve our initial business combination if the business combination would not require stockholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement. Except for as required by applicable law or stock exchange requirement, the decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed business combination or will allow stockholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors, such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek stockholder approval. Even if we seek stockholder approval, the holders of our founder shares will participate in the vote on such approval Accordingly, we may complete our initial business combination even if a majority of our public stockholders do not approve of the business combination we complete. If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, our initial stockholders and management team have agreed to vote in favor of such initial business combination, regardless of how our public stockholders vote. Our initial stockholders own approximately 82 of our outstanding common stock. Our initial stockholders and management team also may from time to time purchase Class A common stock prior to our initial business combination. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that, if we seek stockholder approval of an initial business combination, such initial business combination will be approved if we receive the affirmative vote of a majority of the shares voted at such meeting, including the founder shares. As a result, we can approve a business combination even if all public stockholders vote against it. Your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash. You may not be provided with an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of our initial business combination. Since our board of directors may complete a business combination without seeking stockholder approval, public stockholders may not have the right or opportunity to vote on the business combination, unless we seek such stockholder vote. Accordingly, your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding our initial business combination may be limited to exercising your redemption rights within the period of time (which will be at least 20 business days) set forth in our tender offer documents mailed to our public stockholders in which we describe our initial business combination. The ability of our public stockholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination targets, which may make it difficult for us to enter into a business combination with a target. We may seek to enter into a business combination transaction agreement with a minimum cash requirement for (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions. If too many public stockholders exercise their redemption rights, we would not be able to meet such closing condition and, as a result, would not be able to proceed with the business combination. Furthermore, in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001. Consequently, if accepting all properly submitted redemption requests would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 or make us unable to satisfy a minimum cash condition as described above, we would not proceed with such redemption and the related business combination and may instead search for an alternate business combination. Prospective targets will be aware of these risks and, thus, may be reluctant to enter into a business combination transaction with us. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

The ability of our public stockholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure. At the time we enter into an agreement for our initial business combination, we will not know how many stockholders may exercise their redemption rights, and therefore will need to structure the transaction based on our expectations as to the number of shares that will be submitted for redemption. If our initial business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, we will need to reserve a portion of the cash in the trust account to meet such requirements, or arrange for third party financing. In addition, if a larger number of shares is submitted for redemption than we initially expected, we may need to restructure the transaction to reserve a greater portion of the cash in the trust account or arrange for third party financing. Raising additional third party financing may involve dilutive equity issuances or the incurrence of indebtedness at higher than desirable levels. Furthermore, this dilution would increase to the extent that the anti-dilution provision of the Class B common stock results in the issues of shares of Class A common stock on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the shares of Class B common stock at the time of our initial business combination. In addition, the amount of the deferred underwriting commissions payable to the representatives of the underwriters will not be adjusted for any shares that are redeemed in connection with an initial business combination. The per share amount we will distribute to stockholders who properly exercise their redemption rights will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commission and after such redemptions, the amount held in trust will continue to reflect our obligation to pay the entire deferred underwriting commissions. The above considerations may limit our ability to complete the most desirable business combination available to us or optimize our capital structure. The ability of our public stockholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your shares. If our initial business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful is increased. If our initial business combination is unsuccessful, you would not receive your pro rata portion of the trust account until we liquidate the trust account. If you are in need of immediate liquidity, you could attempt to sell your shares in the open market; however, at such time our shares may trade at a discount to the pro rata amount per share in the trust account. In either situation, you may suffer a material loss on your investment or lose the benefit of funds expected in connection with your exercise of redemption rights until we liquidate or you are able to sell your shares in the open market. The requirement that we complete our initial business combination by April 11, 2023 may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a business combination and may limit the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets, in particular as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our initial business combination on terms that would produce value for our stockholders. Any potential target business with which we enter into negotiations concerning a business combination will be aware that we must complete our initial business combination by April 11, 2023. Consequently, such target business may obtain leverage over us in negotiating a business combination, knowing that if we do not complete our initial business combination with that particular target business, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination with any target business. This risk will increase as we get closer to the timeframe described above. In addition, we may have limited time to conduct due diligence and may enter into our initial business combination on terms that we would have rejected upon a more comprehensive investigation. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

The novel coronavirus COVID-19 pandemic, including the efforts to mitigate its impact, has and may continue to have a material adverse effect on our search for a business combination, as well as any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination . The COVID-19 pandemic, including efforts to combat it, has and may continue to adversely affect our search for a business combination. In addition, the outbreak of COVID-19 has resulted in a widespread health crisis that has and may continue to adversely affect the economies and financial markets worldwide. As such, the business of any potential target business with which we may consummate a business combination could be materially and adversely affected. In response to the pandemic, public health authorities and federal, state, local, and international governments have implemented measures that may directly or indirectly impact our ability to search for and acquire any target business, including measures such as voluntary or mandatory quarantines, restrictions on travel and orders to limit the activities of non-essential workforce personnel. We may be unable to complete a business combination if concerns relating to COVID-19 continue to restrict travel, limit the ability to have meetings with potential investors or the target company s personnel, vendors and services providers are unavailable to negotiate and consummate a transaction in a timely manner. Furthermore, we may be unable to complete a business combination if continued concerns relating to COVID-19 restrict travel, limit the ability to have meetings with potential investors or the personnel of any target business, vendors and services providers are unavailable to negotiate and complete a transaction in a timely manner. The extent to which COVID-19 impacts our search for a target business will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of the COVID-19 pandemic and the actions to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact, among others. If the disruptions posed by COVID-19 or other matters of global concern continue for an extended period of time, it could have a material adverse effect on our ability to successfully locate a target business or complete a business combination, or could adversely impair the operations of a target business with which we ultimately complete a business combination. We may not be able to complete our initial business combination by April 11, 2023, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate. We may not be able to find a suitable target business and complete our initial business combination by April 11, 2023 (or such later date as may be approved by stockholders in connection with an amendment to the charter). Our ability to complete our initial business combination may be negatively impacted by general market conditions, volatility in the capital and debt markets and the other risks described herein. If we have not completed our initial business combination within such time period, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account (which interest shall be net of taxes payable and up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, our Sponsor, initial stockholders, directors, executive officers, advisors and their affiliates may elect to purchase shares or public warrants from public stockholders, which may influence a vote on a proposed business combination and reduce the public float of our Class A common stock. If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our Sponsor, initial stockholders, directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase public shares in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market prior to or following the stockholder meeting called to approve our initial business combination, although they are under no obligation to do so. Such public shares purchased by the Sponsor, initial stockholders, directors, executive officers, advisors or affiliates would be (a) purchased at a price no higher than the redemption price for the public shares, which as of December 31, 2022 was estimated to be 10.15 per share and (b) would not be (i) voted by the initial stockholders or their respective affiliates (ii) redeemable by the initial stockholders or their respective affiliates. Any such purchases that are completed after the record date for the stockholder meeting called to approve our initial business combination may include an agreement with a selling stockholder that such stockholder, for so long as it remains the record holder of the shares in question, will vote in favor of the initial business combination and/or will not exercise its redemption rights with respect to the shares so purchased. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. In addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our shares of Class A common stock or public warrants may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. If a stockholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our initial business combination or fails to comply with the procedures for tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. We will comply with the proxy rules or tender offer rules, as applicable, when conducting redemptions in connection with our initial business combination. Despite our compliance with these rules, if a stockholder fails to receive our proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, such stockholder may not become aware of the opportunity to redeem its shares. In addition, proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will describe the various procedures that must be complied with in order to validly tender or submit public shares for redemption. For example, we intend to require our public stockholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, to, at the holder s option, either deliver their stock certificates to our transfer agent, or to deliver their shares to our transfer agent electronically prior to the date set forth in the proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable. In the case of proxy materials, this date may be up to two business days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve the initial business combination. In addition, if we conduct redemptions in connection with a stockholder vote, we intend to require a public stockholder seeking redemption of its public shares to also submit a written request for redemption to our transfer agent two business days prior to the vote in which the name of the beneficial owner of such shares is included. In the event that a stockholder fails to comply with these or any other procedures disclosed in the proxy or tender offer materials, as applicable, its shares may not be redeemed. You will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies. Since the net proceeds of the initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants are intended to be used to complete an initial business combination with the Target or any potential target, we may be deemed to be a blank check company under the United States securities laws. However, because we had net tangible 
 15 

Table of Contents 

assets in excess of 5,000,000 upon the completion of the initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants and filed a Current Report on Form 8-K, including an audited balance sheet demonstrating this fact, we are exempt from rules promulgated by the SEC to protect investors in blank check companies, such as Rule 419. Accordingly, investors will not be afforded the benefits or protections of those rules. Among other things, this means our units were immediately tradable following completion of the initial public offering and we will have a longer period of time to complete our initial business combination than do companies subject to Rule 419. Moreover, if the initial public offering were subject to Rule 419, that rule would prohibit the release of any interest earned on funds held in the trust account to us unless and until the funds in the trust account were released to us in connection with our completion of an initial business combination. If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, and if you or a group of stockholders are deemed to hold in excess of 20 of our Class A common stock, you will lose the ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 20 of our Class A common stock. If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to more than an aggregate of 20 of the shares sold in the initial public offering without our prior consent, which we refer to as the Excess Shares. However, we would not be restricting our stockholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Your inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce your influence over our ability to complete our initial business combination and you could suffer a material loss on your investment in us if you sell Excess Shares in open market transactions. Additionally, you will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our initial business combination. And as a result, you will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 20 and, in order to dispose of such shares, would be required to sell your shares in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. Because of our limited resources and the significant competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public stockholders, and our warrants will expire worthless. We expect to encounter competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may be individuals or investment partnerships), other blank check companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing for the types of businesses we intend to acquire. Many of these individuals and entities are well-established and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting, directly or indirectly, acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries. Many of these competitors possess similar or greater technical, human and other resources to ours or more local industry knowledge than we do and our financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While we believe there are numerous target businesses we could potentially acquire with the net proceeds of the initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, our ability to compete with respect to the acquisition of certain target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. Furthermore, we are obligated to offer holders of our public shares the right to redeem their shares for cash at the time of our initial business combination in conjunction with a stockholder vote or via a tender offer. Target companies will be aware that this may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination. Any of these obligations may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating a business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public stockholders, and our warrants will expire worthless. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

If the net proceeds of the initial public offering not being held in the trust account are insufficient to allow us to operate until April 11, 2023, it could limit the amount available to fund our search for a target business or businesses and complete our initial business combination, and we will depend on loans from our Sponsor or management team to fund our search and to complete our initial business combination. As of December 31, 2022, we had 760 available to us outside of the trust account to fund our working capital requirements. The funds available to us outside of the trust account may not be sufficient to allow us to operate until April 11, 2023, assuming that our initial business combination is not completed during that time. Of the funds available to us, we could use a portion of the funds available to us to pay fees to consultants to assist us with our search for a target business. We could also use a portion of the funds as a down payment or to fund a no-shop provision (a provision in letters of intent or merger agreements designed to keep target businesses from shopping around for transactions with other companies or investors on terms more favorable to such target businesses) with respect to a particular proposed business combination, although we do not have any current intention to do so. If we entered into a letter of intent or merger agreement where we paid for the right to receive exclusivity from a target business and were subsequently required to forfeit such funds (whether as a result of our breach or otherwise), we might not have sufficient funds to continue searching for, or conduct due diligence with respect to, a target business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.15 per share (based on the trust account balance as of December 31, 2022) on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less than 10.00 per share upon our liquidation (based on the trust account balance as of December 31, 2022). See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.00 per share and other risk factors below. If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.00 per share. Our placing of funds in the trust account may not protect those funds from third-party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers (other than our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public stockholders, such parties may not execute such agreements, or even if they execute such agreements they may not be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account, including, but not limited to, fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will consider whether competitive alternatives are reasonably available to us and will only enter into an agreement with such third party if management believes that such third party s engagement would be in the best interests of the Company under the circumstances. The underwriters of the initial public offering as well as our registered independent public accounting firm will not execute agreements with us waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Upon redemption of our public shares, if we are unable to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed timeframe, or upon the exercise of a redemption right in connection with our initial business 
 17 

Table of Contents 

combination, we will be required to provide for payment of claims of creditors that were not waived that may be brought against us within the 10 years following redemption. Accordingly, the per-share redemption amount received by public stockholders could be less than the 10.00 per public share initially held in the trust account, due to claims of such creditors. Our Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or other similar agreement or business combination agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, if less than 10.00 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the trust account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. However, we have not asked our Sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our Sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that our Sponsor s only assets are securities of our Company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our Sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully made against the trust account, the funds available for our initial business combination and redemptions could be reduced to less than 10.00 per public share. In such event, we may not be able to complete our initial business combination, and you would receive such lesser amount per share in connection with any redemption of your public shares. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. Our directors may decide not to enforce the indemnification obligations of our Sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public stockholders. In the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than 10.00 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case less taxes payable, and our Sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our Sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our Sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment and subject to their fiduciary duties may choose not to do so in any particular instance. If our independent directors choose not to enforce these indemnification obligations, the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public stockholders may be reduced below 10.00 per share. If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy court may seek to recover such proceeds, and the members of our board of directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to our creditors, thereby exposing the members of our board of directors and us to claims of punitive damages. If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our stockholders. In addition, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith, by paying public stockholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors, thereby exposing itself and us to claims of punitive damages. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

If, before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the claims of our stockholders and the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our stockholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. If, before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our stockholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our stockholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. If we are deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, we may be forced to abandon our efforts to complete an initial business combination and instead be required to liquidate the Company. To mitigate the risk of that result, December 5, 2022, we instructed CST to liquidate the securities held in the trust account and instead hold all funds in the trust account in an interest-bearing bank deposit account. As a result, following such change, we will likely receive minimal, if any, interest, on the funds held in the trust account, which would reduce the dollar amount that our public stockholders would have otherwise received upon any redemption or liquidation of the Company if the assets in the trust account had remained in U.S. government securities or money market funds. On March 30, 2022, the SEC issued the SPAC Rule Proposals, relating, among other things, to circumstances in which SPACs such as us could potentially be subject to the Investment Company Act and the regulations thereunder. The SPAC Rule Proposals would provide a safe harbor for such companies from the definition of investment company under Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the Investment Company Act, provided that a SPAC satisfies certain criteria. To comply with the duration limitation of the proposed safe harbor, a SPAC would have a limited time period to announce and complete a de-SPAC transaction. Specifically, to comply with the safe harbor, the SPAC Rule Proposals would require a company to file a report on Form 8-K announcing that it has entered into an agreement with a target company for an initial business combination no later than 18 months after the effective date of the registration statement for its initial public offering. The company would then be required to complete its initial business combination no later than 24 months after the effective date of the registration statement for its initial public offering. We understand that the SEC has recently been taking informal positions regarding the Investment Company Act consistent with the SPAC Rule Proposals. There is currently uncertainty concerning the applicability of the Investment Company Act to a SPAC, including a company like ours, that does not complete its initial business combination within the proposed time frame set forth in the proposed safe harbor rule. As indicated above, we completed our IPO in December 2020 and have operated as a blank check company searching for a target business with which to consummate an initial business combination since such time. As a result, it is possible that a claim could be made that we have been operating as an unregistered investment company if the SPAC Rule Proposals are adopted as proposed. If we were deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, we might be forced to abandon our efforts to complete an initial business combination and instead be required to liquidate the Company. If we are required to liquidate the Company, our investors would not be able to realize the benefits of owning shares in a successor operating business, including the potential appreciation in the value of our shares and warrants or rights following such a transaction, and our warrants or rights would expire worthless. To mitigate the risk of us being deemed to have been operating as an unregistered investment company under the Investment Company Act, on December 5, 2022, we instructed CST, the trustee with respect to the trust account, to liquidate the U.S. government treasury obligations or money market funds held in the trust account and thereafter to hold all funds in the trust account in an interest-bearing bank deposit account until the earlier of the consummation of a business combination or our liquidation. Following such liquidation of the assets in our trust 
 19 

Table of Contents 

account, we will likely receive minimal interest, if any, on the funds held in the trust account, which would reduce the dollar amount our public stockholders would have otherwise received upon any redemption or liquidation of the Company if the assets in the trust account had remained in U.S. government securities or money market funds. This means that the amount available for redemption will not increase in the future. Changes in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination and results of operations. We are subject to laws and regulations enacted by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we will be required to comply with certain SEC and other legal requirements. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, investments and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination and results of operations. Our stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption of their shares. Under the Delaware General Corporation Law DGCL ), stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions received by them in a dissolution. The pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete our initial business combination by April 11, 2023 may be considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law. If a corporation complies with certain procedures set forth in Section 280 of the DGCL intended to ensure that it makes reasonable provision for all claims against it, including a 60-day notice period during which any third-party claims can be brought against the corporation, a 90-day period during which the corporation may reject any claims brought, and an additional 150-day waiting period before any liquidating distributions are made to stockholders, any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. However, it is our intention to redeem our public shares as soon as reasonably possible following April 11, 2023 (or such later date as may be approved by stockholders in connection with an amendment to the charter), in the event we do not complete our initial business combination and, therefore, we do not intend to comply with the foregoing procedures. Because we do not comply with Section 280, Section 281(b) of the DGCL requires us to adopt a plan, based on facts known to us at such time that will provide for our payment of all existing and pending claims or claims that may be potentially brought against us within the 10 years following our dissolution. However, because we are a blank check company, rather than an operating company, and our operations will be limited to searching for prospective target businesses to acquire, the only likely claims to arise would be from our vendors (such as lawyers, investment bankers, etc.) or prospective target businesses. If our plan of distribution complies with Section 281(b) of the DGCL, any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would likely be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. We cannot assure you that we will properly assess all claims that may be potentially brought against us. As such, our stockholders could potentially be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions received by them (but no more) and any liability of our stockholders may extend beyond the third anniversary of such date. Furthermore, if the pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete our initial business combination by April 11, 2023 is not considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law and such redemption distribution is deemed to be unlawful (potentially due to 
 20 

Table of Contents 

the imposition of legal proceedings that a party may bring or due to other circumstances that are currently unknown), then pursuant to Section 174 of the DGCL, the statute of limitations for claims of creditors could then be six years after the unlawful redemption distribution, instead of three years, as in the case of a liquidating distribution. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders until after the consummation of our initial business combination, which could delay the opportunity for our stockholders to elect directors. In accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until no later than one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq. Under Section 211(b) of the DGCL, we are, however, required to hold an annual meeting of stockholders for the purposes of electing directors in accordance with our bylaws unless such election is made by written consent in lieu of such a meeting. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders to elect new directors prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, and thus we may not be in compliance with Section 211(b) of the DGCL, which requires an annual meeting. Therefore, if our stockholders want us to hold an annual meeting prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, they may attempt to force us to hold one by submitting an application to the Delaware Court of Chancery in accordance with Section 211(c) of the DGCL. Because we are neither limited to evaluating a target business in a particular industry sector nor have we selected any specific target businesses with which to pursue our initial business combination , you will be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular target business s operations. Our efforts to identify a prospective initial business combination target will not be limited to a particular industry, sector or geographic region. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation prohibits us from effectuating a business combination with another blank check company or similar company with nominal operations. On December 9, 2022, we entered into a non-binding letter LOI for a business combination with the Target., and to the extent we complete our initial business combination, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the Target s business operations. For example, if the Target or any potential target we combine with is a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of sales or earnings, we may be affected by the risks inherent in the business and operations of a financially unstable or a development stage entity. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors or that we will have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our securities will ultimately prove to be more favorable to investors than a direct investment, if such opportunity were available, in a business combination target. Accordingly, any stockholders or warrant holders who choose to remain stockholders or warrant holders following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such stockholders or warrant holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws that the proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, relating to the business combination contained an actionable material misstatement or material omission. Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses, we may enter into our initial business combination with a target that does not meet such criteria and guidelines, and as a result, the target business with which we enter into our initial business combination may not have attributes entirely consistent with our general criteria and guidelines. Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines for evaluating prospective target businesses, it is possible that a target business with which we enter into our initial business combination, including the Target, will not have all of these positive attributes. If we complete our initial business combination with a target that 
 21 

Table of Contents 

does not meet some or all of these guidelines, such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a business that does meet all of our general criteria and guidelines. In addition, if we announce a prospective business combination with a target that does not meet our general criteria and guidelines, a greater number of stockholders may exercise their redemption rights, which may make it difficult for us to meet any closing condition with a target business that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. In addition, if stockholder approval of the transaction is required by law, or we decide to obtain stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons, it may be more difficult for us to attain stockholder approval of our initial business combination if the target business does not meet our general criteria and guidelines. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public stockholders, and our warrants will expire worthless. We may seek business combination opportunities with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of revenue, cash flow or earnings, which could subject us to volatile revenues, cash flows or earnings or difficulty in retaining key personnel. To the extent we complete our initial business combination with an early stage company, a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of revenues or earnings, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the operations of the business with which we combine. These risks include investing in a business without a proven business model or with limited historic financial data, volatile revenues or earnings, intense competition and difficulties in obtaining and retaining key personnel. Some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. We are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or from a valuation or appraisal firm, and consequently, you may have no assurance from an independent source that the price we are paying for the business is fair to our stockholders from a financial point of view. Unless we complete our initial business combination with an affiliated entity or our board of directors cannot independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses (including with the assistance of financial advisors), we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA or from a valuation or appraisal firm that the price we are paying is fair to our stockholders from a financial point of view. If no opinion is obtained, our stockholders will be relying on the judgment of our board of directors, who will determine fair market value based on standards generally accepted by the financial community. Such standards used will be disclosed in our proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, related to our initial business combination. We may issue notes or other debt securities, or otherwise incur substantial debt, to complete a business combination, which may adversely affect our leverage and financial condition and thus negatively impact the value of our stockholders investment in us. Although we have no commitments as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K to issue any notes or other debt securities, or to otherwise incur outstanding debt, we may choose to incur substantial debt to complete our initial business combination. We and our officers have agreed that we will not incur any indebtedness unless we have obtained from the lender a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to the monies held in the trust account. As such, no issuance of debt will affect the per share amount available for redemption from the trust account. Nevertheless, the incurrence of debt could have a variety of negative effects, including: 

default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; 

acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; 
 22 

Table of Contents 

our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt is payable on demand; 

our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt is outstanding; 

our inability to pay dividends on our Class A common stock; 

using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our Class A common stock if declared, expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes; 

limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate; 

increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; and 

limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. We may only be able to complete one business combination with the proceeds of the initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, which will cause us to be solely dependent on a single business which may have a limited number of products or services. This lack of diversification may negatively impact our operations and profitability. Following redemptions in connection with the June and October Extensions, as of December 31, 2022, we have approximately 17 million in the trust account that we may use to complete our initial business combination (not taking into account the 10,500,000 of deferred underwriting commissions being held in the trust account). We may effectuate our initial business combination with a single target business or multiple target businesses simultaneously or within a short period of time. However, we may not be able to effectuate our initial business combination with more than one target business because of various factors, including the existence of complex accounting issues and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma financial statements with the SEC that present operating results and the financial condition of several target businesses as if they had been operated on a combined basis. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete several business combinations in different industries or different areas of a single industry. Accordingly, the prospects for our success may be: 

solely dependent upon the performance of a single business, property or asset, or 

dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services. This lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to our initial business combination. We may attempt to simultaneously complete business combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete our initial business combination and give rise to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability. If we determine to simultaneously acquire several businesses that are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other business combinations, which may make it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete our 
 23 

Table of Contents 

initial business combination. With multiple business combinations, we could also face additional risks, including additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence investigations (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services or products of the acquired companies in a single operating business. If we are unable to adequately address these risks, it could negatively impact our profitability and results of operations. We may attempt to complete our initial business combination with a private company about which little information is available, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. In pursuing our business combination strategy, we may seek to effectuate our initial business combination with a privately held company. Very little public information generally exists about private companies, and we could be required to make our decision on whether to pursue a potential initial business combination on the basis of limited information, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. We do not have a specified maximum redemption threshold. The absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to complete our initial business combination with which a substantial majority of our stockholders or warrant holders do not agree. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation does not provide a specified maximum redemption threshold, except that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001. In addition, our proposed initial business combination may impose a minimum cash requirement for: (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions. As a result, we may be able to complete our initial business combination even though a substantial majority of our public stockholders do not agree with the transaction and have redeemed their shares or, if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, have entered into privately negotiated agreements to sell their shares to our Sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or any of their affiliates. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all shares of Class A common stock that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares in connection with such initial business combination, all shares of Class A common stock submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof, and we instead may search for an alternate business combination. In order to effectuate an initial business combination, special purpose acquisition companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and other governing instruments, including their warrant agreements. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or governing instruments in a manner that will make it easier for us to complete our initial business combination that our stockholders may not support. In order to effectuate a business combination, special purpose acquisition companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and governing instruments, including their warrant agreements. For example, special purpose acquisition companies have amended the definition of business combination, increased redemption thresholds and extended the time to consummate an initial business combination and, with respect to their warrants, amended their warrant agreements to require the warrants to be exchanged for cash and/or other securities. Amending our amended and restated certificate of incorporation requires the approval of holders of 65 of our common stock, and amending our warrant agreement requires a vote of holders of at least 50 of the public warrants and, solely with respect to any amendment to the terms of the private placement warrants or any provision of the warrant agreement with respect to the private placement warrants, 50 of the number of the then outstanding private placement warrants. In addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation 
 24 

Table of Contents 

requires us to provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash if we propose an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete an initial business combination by April 11, 2023 or with respect to any other material provisions relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity. To the extent any of such amendments would be deemed to fundamentally change the nature of the securities offered through this registration statement, we would register, or seek an exemption from registration for, the affected securities. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our charter or governing instruments or extend the time to consummate an initial business combination in order to effectuate our initial business combination. The provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation that relate to our pre-business combination activity (and corresponding provisions of the agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account) may be amended with the approval of holders of at least 65 of our outstanding common stock. Our Sponsor currently holds approximately 82 of our outstanding common stock, which means that we may amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation even if all public stockholders vote against it. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that any of its provisions related to pre-business combination activity (including the requirement to deposit proceeds of the initial public offering and the private placement of warrants into the trust account and not release such amounts except in specified circumstances, and to provide redemption rights to public stockholders as described herein) may be amended if approved by holders of at least 65 of our outstanding common stock entitled to vote thereon and corresponding provisions of the trust agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account may be amended if approved by holders of at least 65 of our outstanding common stock entitled to vote thereon. In all other instances, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation may be amended by holders of a majority of our outstanding common stock entitled to vote thereon, subject to applicable provisions of the DGCL or applicable stock exchange rules. Our initial stockholders, who beneficially own approximately 82 of our outstanding common stock following the closing of the initial public offering, may participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and/or trust agreement and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. As a result, we will be able to amend the provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation which govern our pre-business combination behavior and approve a business combination even if all public stockholders vote against it. Our Sponsor, executive officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to written agreements with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by April 11, 2023 or with respect to any other material provisions relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, unless we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their Class A common stock upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account (which interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares. Our stockholders are not parties to, or third-party beneficiaries of, these agreements and, as a result, will not have the ability to pursue remedies against our Sponsor, executive officers or directors for any breach of these agreements. As a result, in the event of a breach, our stockholders would need to pursue a stockholder derivative action, subject to applicable law. Certain agreements related to the initial public offering may be amended without stockholder approval. Each of the agreements related to the initial public offering to which we are a party, other than the warrant agreement and the investment management trust agreement, may be amended without stockholder approval. Such agreements are: the underwriting agreement; the letter agreement among us and our initial stockholders, Sponsor, officers and directors; the registration rights agreement among us and our initial stockholders; the private placement warrants purchase agreement between us and our Sponsor; and the administrative services agreement 
 25 

Table of Contents 

among us, our Sponsor and an affiliate of our Sponsor. These agreements contain various provisions that our public stockholders might deem to be material. For example, our letter agreement and the underwriting agreement contain certain lock-up provisions with respect to the founder shares, private placement warrants and other securities held by our initial stockholders, Sponsor, officers and directors. Amendments to such agreements would require the consent of the applicable parties thereto and would need to be approved by our board of directors, which may do so for a variety of reasons, including to facilitate our initial business combination. While we do not expect our board of directors to approve any amendment to any of these agreements prior to our initial business combination, it may be possible that our board of directors, in exercising its business judgment and subject to its fiduciary duties, chooses to approve one or more amendments to any such agreement. Any amendment entered into in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination will be disclosed in our proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, related to such initial business combination, and any other material amendment to any of our material agreements will be disclosed in a filing with the SEC. Any such amendments would not require approval from our stockholders, may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible, and may have an adverse effect on the value of an investment in our securities. For example, amendments to the lock-up provision discussed above may result in our initial stockholders selling their securities earlier than they would otherwise be permitted, which may have an adverse effect on the price of our securities. We may be unable to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination or to fund the operations and growth of a target business, which could compel us to restructure or abandon a particular business combination. If the business combination agreement with the Target or another target business includes a cash purchase price and the cash portion of the purchase price exceeds the amount available from the trust account, net of amounts needed to satisfy any redemption by public stockholders, we may be required to seek additional financing to complete such proposed initial business combination. We cannot assure you that such financing will be available on acceptable terms, if at all. To the extent that additional financing proves to be unavailable when needed to complete our initial business combination, we would be compelled to either restructure the transaction or abandon that particular business combination and seek an alternative target business candidate. Further, we may be required to obtain additional financing in connection with the closing of our initial business combination for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations of the post-transaction businesses, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business combination, or to fund the purchase of other companies. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public stockholders, and our warrants will expire worthless. In addition, even if we do not need additional financing to complete our initial business combination, we may require such financing to fund the operations or growth of the target business. The failure to secure additional financing could have a material adverse effect on the continued development or growth of the target business. None of our officers, directors or stockholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection with or after our initial business combination. Our initial stockholders control a substantial interest in us and thus may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a stockholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support. Our initial stockholders own approximately 82 of our issued and outstanding common stock. Accordingly, they may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a stockholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support, including amendments to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. In addition, our board of directors, whose members were elected by our sponsor, is and will be divided into three classes, each of which will generally serve for a terms for three years with only one class of directors being elected in each year. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders to elect new directors prior to the completion of our initial business combination, in which case all of the current directors will continue in office until at least the completion of the business combination. If there is an annual meeting, as a consequence of our staggered board of directors, only a minority of the board of directors will be considered for election and our initial stockholders, 
 26 

Table of Contents 

because of their ownership position, will have considerable influence regarding the outcome. Accordingly, our initial stockholders will continue to exert control at least until the completion of our initial business combination. Because we must furnish our stockholders with target business financial statements, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous initial business combination with some prospective target businesses. The federal proxy rules require that the proxy statement with respect to the vote on an initial business combination include historical and pro forma financial statement disclosure. We will include the same financial statement disclosure in connection with our tender offer documents, whether or not they are required under the tender offer rules. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled to, accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP ), or international financial reporting standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board IFRS ), depending on the circumstances and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ). These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such financial statements in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. Compliance obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may make it more difficult for us to effectuate our initial business combination, require substantial financial and management resources, and increase the time and costs of completing an initial business combination. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act required that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls beginning with the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2021. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer, and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, will we be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. Further, for as long as we remain an emerging growth company, we will not be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. The fact that we are a blank check company makes compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act particularly burdensome on us as compared to other public companies because a target business with which we seek to complete our initial business combination may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of its internal controls. The development of the internal control of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such business combination. A new 1 U.S. federal excise tax could be imposed on us in connection with redemptions by us of our shares. On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the IR Act became law, which, among other things, imposes a 1 excise tax on certain repurchases (including certain redemptions) of stock by publicly traded domestic (i.e., U.S.) corporations and certain domestic subsidiaries of publicly traded foreign (i.e., non-U.S.) corporations (each, a covered corporation ). The excise tax will apply to repurchases occurring in 2023 and beyond. The amount of the excise tax is generally 1 of the fair market value of the shares repurchased at the time of the repurchase. The U.S. Department of Treasury has authority to provide regulations and other guidance to carry out, and prevent the abuse or avoidance of, the excise tax. On December 27, 2022, the U.S. Department of the Treasury issued a notice that provides interim operating rules for the excise tax, including rules governing the calculation and reporting of the excise tax, on which taxpayers may rely until the forthcoming proposed Treasury regulations addressing the excise tax are published. Although such notice clarifies certain aspects of the excise tax, the interpretation and operation of other aspects of the excise tax remain unclear, and such interim operating rules are subject to change. Because we are a Delaware corporation and its securities are trading on Nasdaq, it is expected that we are a covered corporation for this purpose, and it is expected that we will be subject to the excise tax with respect to any redemptions of our Class A Common Stock in connection with the business combination that are treated as repurchases for this purpose. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

The extent of the excise tax that may be incurred would depend on a number of factors, including (i) whether the redemption is treated as a repurchase of stock for purposes of the excise tax, (ii) the fair market value of the redemption treated as a repurchase of stock in connection with the business combination, (iii) the nature and amount of the equity issued, if any, by us in connection with the business combination, and (iv) the content of forthcoming regulations and other guidance from the U.S. Department of the Treasury. Although issuances of stock by a repurchasing corporation in a year in which such corporation repurchases stock may reduce the amount of excise tax imposed with respect to such repurchase, absent the issuance of applicable guidance, it is not currently expected that this reduction would be available with respect to redemptions of our Class A Common Stock by us. The excise tax is imposed on the repurchasing corporation itself, not the stockholders from which shares are repurchased, and only limited guidance on the mechanics of any required reporting and payment of the excise tax on which taxpayers may rely have been issued to date. The imposition of the excise tax could reduce the amount of cash available to use for effecting the redemptions of our Class A Common Stock, and could reduce our cash on hand. The failure of Silicon Valley Bank and recent turmoil in the banking industry may negatively impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. Actual events involving limited liquidity, defaults, non-performance or other adverse developments that affect financial institutions, or other companies in the financial services industry or the financial services industry generally, or concerns or rumors about any events of these kinds or other similar risks, have in the past and may in the future lead to market-wide liquidity problems. On March 10, 2023, the California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation closed Silicon Valley Bank SVB and appointed Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (the FDIC receiver. Similarly, on March 12, 2023, Signature Bank and Silvergate Capital Corp. were each swept into receivership. Although depositors at SVB received access to their funds, uncertainty and liquidity concerns in the broader financial services industry remain. Inflation and rapid increases in interest rates have led to a decline in the trading value of previously issued government securities with interest rates below current market interest rates. The U.S. Department of Treasury, FDIC and Federal Reserve Board have announced a program to provide up to 25 billion of loans to financial institutions secured by such government securities held by financial institutions to mitigate the risk of potential losses on the sale of such instruments. However, widespread demands for customer withdrawals or other needs of financial institutions for immediate liquidity may exceed the capacity of such program. There is no guarantee that the U.S. Department of Treasury, FDIC and Federal Reserve Board will provide access to uninsured funds in the future in the event of the closure of other banks or financial institutions in a timely fashion or at all. The ultimate outcome of these events, and whether further regulatory actions will be taken, cannot be predicted. The extent to which these events impact our search for and completion of a business combination with a target business will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning similarly situated financial institutions. In addition, investor concerns regarding the U.S. or international financial systems could impact our potential business targets as they may face a material decline in favorable commercial terms or available funding. This may make it more challenging for us to find a suitable target and complete a business combination. Further, our ability to consummate a business combination may be dependent on the ability to raise equity and debt financing, which may be impacted by these events. Risks Relating to the Post-Business Combination Company Subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination, we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or other charges that could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and the price of our securities, which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. Even if we conduct extensive due diligence on a target business with which we combine, we cannot assure you that this diligence will identify all material issues that may be present with a particular target business, that it would be 
 28 

Table of Contents 

possible to uncover all material issues through a customary amount of due diligence, or that factors outside of the target business and outside of our control will not later arise. As a result of these factors, we may be forced to later write-down or write-off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could result in our reporting losses. Even if our due diligence successfully identifies certain risks, unexpected risks may arise and previously known risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Even though these charges may be non-cash items and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this nature could contribute to negative market perceptions about us or our securities. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate net worth or other covenants to which we may be subject as a result of assuming pre-existing debt held by a target business or by virtue of our obtaining debt financing to partially finance the initial business combination or thereafter. Accordingly, any stockholders or warrant holders who choose to remain stockholders or warrant holders following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such stockholders or warrant holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws that the proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, relating to the business combination contained an actionable material misstatement or material omission. Resources could be wasted in researching business combinations that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public stockholders, and our warrants will expire worthless. We anticipate that the investigation of the Target or another potential target business and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents and other instruments requires substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants, attorneys and others. If we decide not to complete a specific initial business combination, the costs incurred up to that point for the proposed transaction likely would not be recoverable. Furthermore, if we reach an agreement relating to the Target or another target business, we may fail to complete our initial business combination for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will result in a loss to us of the related costs incurred which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public stockholders, and our warrants will expire worthless. Our ability to successfully effect our initial business combination and to be successful thereafter will be dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel, some of whom may join us following our initial business combination. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. Our ability to successfully effect our initial business combination is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. The role of our key personnel in the target business, however, cannot presently be ascertained. Although some of our key personnel may remain with the target business in senior management or advisory positions following our initial business combination, it is likely that some or all of the management of the target business will remain in place. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after our initial business combination, we cannot assure you that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. These individuals may be unfamiliar with the requirements of operating a company regulated by the SEC, which could cause us to have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar with such requirements. Our key personnel may negotiate employment or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business combination, and a particular business combination may be conditioned on the retention or resignation of such key personnel. These agreements may provide for them 
 29 

Table of Contents 

to receive compensation following our initial business combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts of interest in determining whether a particular business combination is the most advantageous. Our key personnel may be able to remain with our Company after the completion of our initial business combination only if they are able to negotiate employment or consulting agreements in connection with the business combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the negotiation of the business combination and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or our securities for services they would render to us after the completion of the business combination. Such negotiations also could make such key personnel s retention or resignation a condition to any such agreement. The personal and financial interests of such individuals may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business, subject to their fiduciary duties under Delaware law. We may have a limited ability to assess the management of a prospective target business and, as a result, may affect our initial business combination with a target business whose management may not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. When evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with a prospective target business, our ability to assess the target business s management may be limited due to a lack of time, resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities of the target business s management, therefore, may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications or abilities we suspected. Should the target business s management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public company, the operations and profitability of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly, any stockholders or warrant holders who choose to remain stockholders or warrant holders following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such stockholders or warrant holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws that the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, relating to the business combination contained an actionable material misstatement or material omission. The officers and directors of an acquisition candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The loss of a business combination target s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. The role of an acquisition candidate s key personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that certain members of an acquisition candidate s management team will remain associated with the acquisition candidate following our initial business combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition candidate will not wish to remain in place. Our management may not be able to maintain control of a target business after our initial business combination. We cannot provide assurance that, upon loss of control of a target business, new management will possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably operate such business. We may structure our initial business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders own shares will own less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for us not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. We will not consider any transaction that does not meet such criteria. Even if the post-transaction company owns 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post business combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares of Class A common stock in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In 
 30 

Table of Contents 

this case, we would acquire a 100 interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares of Class A common stock, our stockholders immediately prior to such transaction could own less than a majority of our outstanding Class A common stock subsequent to such transaction. In addition, other minority stockholders may subsequently combine their holdings resulting in a single person or group obtaining a larger share of the company s shares than we initially acquired. Accordingly, this may make it more likely that our management will not maintain control of the target business. Risks Relating to Acquiring and Operating a Business in Foreign Countries If we effect our initial business combination with a company located outside of the United States, we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may adversely affect us. If we pursue a target company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial business combination, we may face additional burdens in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing such initial business combination, and if we effect such initial business combination, we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may negatively impact our operations. If we pursue a target a company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial business combination, we would be subject to risks associated with cross-border business combinations, including in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing our initial business combination, conducting due diligence in a foreign jurisdiction, having such transaction approved by any local governments, regulators or agencies and changes in the purchase price based on fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. If we effect our initial business combination with such a company, we would be subject to any special considerations or risks associated with companies operating in an international setting, including any of the following: 

costs and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations; 

rules and regulations regarding currency redemption; 

complex corporate withholding taxes on individuals; 

laws governing the manner in which future business combinations may be effected; 

exchange listing and/or delisting requirements; 

tariffs and trade barriers; 

regulations related to customs and import/export matters; 

local or regional economic policies and market conditions; 

unexpected changes in regulatory requirements; 

challenges in managing and staffing international operations; 

longer payment cycles; 

tax issues, such as tax law changes and variations in tax laws as compared to the United States; 

currency fluctuations and exchange controls; 

rates of inflation; 

challenges in collecting accounts receivable; 

cultural and language differences; 

employment regulations; 

underdeveloped or unpredictable legal or regulatory systems; 

corruption; 

protection of intellectual property; 

social unrest, crime, strikes, riots and civil disturbances; 

regime changes and political upheaval; 
 31 

Table of Contents 

terrorist attacks and wars; and 

deterioration of political relations with the United States. We may not be able to adequately address these additional risks. If we were unable to do so, we may be unable to complete such initial business combination, or, if we complete such initial business combination, our operations might suffer, either of which may adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. Risks Relating to our Management Team We may not have sufficient funds to satisfy indemnification claims of our directors and executive officers. We have agreed to indemnify our officers and directors to the fullest extent permitted by law. However, our officers and directors have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the trust account and to not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason whatsoever. Accordingly, any indemnification provided will be able to be satisfied by us only if (i) we have sufficient funds outside of the trust account or (ii) we consummate an initial business combination. Our obligation to indemnify our officers and directors may discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against our officers or directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against our officers and directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our stockholders. Furthermore, a stockholder s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions. Past performance by our management team and their affiliates may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us. Information regarding performance by, or businesses associated with, our management team or businesses associated with them is presented for informational purposes only. Past performance by our management team is not a guarantee either (i) of success with respect to any business combination we may consummate or (ii) that we will be able to locate a suitable candidate for our initial business combination. No member of our management team has had management experience with special purpose acquisition corporations in the past. You should not rely on the historical record of the performance of our management team s or businesses associated with them as indicative of our future performance of an investment in us or the returns we will, or is likely to, generate going forward. We may seek business combination opportunities in industries or sectors that may be outside of our management s areas of expertise. We will consider a business combination outside of our management s areas of expertise if a business combination candidate is presented to us and we determine that such candidate offers an attractive business combination opportunity for our Company. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in any particular business combination candidate, we cannot assure you that we will adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our securities will not ultimately prove to be less favorable to investors in the initial public offering than a direct investment, if an opportunity were available, in a business combination candidate. In the event we elect to pursue a business combination outside of the areas of our management s expertise, our management s expertise may not be directly applicable to its evaluation or operation, and the information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K regarding the areas of our management s expertise would not be relevant to an understanding of the business that we elect to acquire. As a result, our management may not be able to ascertain or assess adequately all of the relevant risk factors. Accordingly, any stockholders who choose to remain stockholders following our initial business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. Such stockholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. We are dependent upon our executive officers and directors and their loss could adversely affect our ability to operate. Our operations are dependent upon a relatively small group of individuals and, in particular, our executive officers and directors. We believe that our success depends on the continued service of our officers and directors, 
 32 

Table of Contents 

at least until we have completed our initial business combination. In addition, our executive officers and directors are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating their time among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. We do not have an employment agreement with, or key-man insurance on the life of, any of our directors or executive officers. The unexpected loss of the services of one or more of our directors or executive officers could have a detrimental effect on us. Our executive officers and directors will allocate their time to other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to devote to our affairs. This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. Our executive officers and directors are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our operations and our search for a business combination and their other businesses. We do not intend to have any full- time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Each of our executive officers is engaged in several other business endeavors for which he may be entitled to substantial compensation, and our executive officers are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs. Our independent directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities. If our executive officers and directors other business affairs require them to devote substantial amounts of time to such affairs in excess of their current commitment levels, it could limit their ability to devote time to our affairs which may have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. Our officers and directors presently have, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. Until we consummate our initial business combination, we intend to engage in the business of identifying and combining with one or more businesses. Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have, additional fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to another entity prior to its presentation to us. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of the Company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue, and to the extent the director or officer is permitted to refer that opportunity to us without violating another legal obligation. In addition, our Sponsor and our officers and directors may sponsor or form other special purpose acquisition companies similar to ours or may pursue other business or investment ventures during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. Any such companies, businesses or ventures may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an initial business combination. However, we do not believe that any such potential conflicts would materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. Our executive officers, directors, security holders and their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our interests. We have not adopted a policy that expressly prohibits our directors, executive officers, security holders or affiliates from having a direct or indirect pecuniary or financial interest in any investment to be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are a party or have an interest. In fact, we may enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our Sponsor, our directors or executive officers, although we do not intend to do so. Nor do we have a policy that expressly prohibits any such persons from engaging for their own account in business activities of the types conducted by us. Accordingly, such persons or entities may have a conflict between their interests and ours. The personal and financial interests of our directors and officers may influence their motivation in timely identifying and selecting a target business and completing a business combination. Consequently, our directors 
 33 

Table of Contents 

and officers discretion in identifying and selecting a suitable target business may result in a conflict of interest when determining whether the terms, conditions and timing of a particular business combination are appropriate and in our stockholders best interest. If this were the case, it would be a breach of their fiduciary duties to us as a matter of Delaware law and we or our stockholders might have a claim against such individuals for infringing on our stockholders rights. However, we might not ultimately be successful in any claim we may make against them for such reason. We may engage in a business combination with one or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with our Sponsor, executive officers, directors or existing holders which may raise potential conflicts of interest. In light of the involvement of our Sponsor, executive officers and directors with other entities, we may decide to acquire one or more businesses affiliated with our Sponsor, executive officers, directors or existing holders. Our directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities, including, without limitation, those described under Management Conflicts of Interest. Such entities may compete with us for business combination opportunities. Our Sponsor, officers and directors are not currently aware of any specific opportunities for us to complete our initial business combination with any entities with which they are affiliated, and there have been no substantive discussions concerning a business combination with any such entity or entities. Although we will not be specifically focusing on, or targeting, any transaction with any affiliated entities, we would pursue such a transaction if we determined that such affiliated entity met our criteria for a business combination and such transaction was approved by a majority of our independent and disinterested directors. Despite our agreement to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA or a valuation or appraisal firm regarding the fairness to our Company from a financial point of view of a business combination with one or more domestic or international businesses affiliated with our Sponsor, executive officers, directors or existing holders, potential conflicts of interest still may exist and, as a result, the terms of the business combination may not be as advantageous to our public stockholders as they would be absent any conflicts of interest. Since our Sponsor, executive officers and directors will lose their entire investment in us if our initial business combination is not completed (other than with respect to public shares they may acquire), a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for our initial business combination. On August 12, 2020, our Sponsor purchased an aggregate of 8,625,000 founder shares for a purchase price of 25,000, or approximately 0.003 per share. On November 30, 2020, our Sponsor surrendered 1,437,500 founder shares back to the Company for no consideration. On December 8, 2020, we effected a stock split in which each issued share of Class B common stock that was outstanding was converted into one and forty-four one-thousandths shares of Class B common stock, resulting in an aggregate of 7,503,750 founder shares. On December 11, 2020, our Sponsor forfeited 3,750 shares of Class B common stock, resulting in our Sponsor holding an aggregate of 7,500,000 shares of Class B common stock issued and outstanding. Prior to the initial investment in the Company of 25,000 by our Sponsor, the Company had no assets, tangible or intangible. The purchase price of the founder shares was determined by dividing the amount of cash contributed to the Company by the number of founder shares issued. The founder shares will be worthless if we do not complete an initial business combination. In addition, our Sponsor has purchased an aggregate of 8,000,000 private placement warrants, each exercisable for one share of Class A common stock at 11.50 per share, for an aggregate purchase price of 8,000,000, or 1.00 per warrant, that will also be worthless if we do not complete our initial business combination. The personal and financial interests of our executive officers and directors may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business combination, completing an initial business combination and influencing the operation of the business following the initial business combination. This risk may become more acute as the deadline for our completion of an initial business combination nears. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

Risks Relating to our Securities You will not have any rights or interests in funds from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. Therefore, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. Our public stockholders will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only upon the earlier to occur of: (i) our completion of an initial business combination, and then only in connection with those shares of Class A common stock that such stockholder properly elected to redeem, subject to the limitations described herein, (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by April 11, 2023 or with respect to any other material provisions relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, and (iii) the redemption of our public shares if we are unable to complete an initial business combination by April 11, 2023, subject to applicable law and as further described herein. In addition, if our plan to redeem our public shares if we are unable to complete an initial business combination by April 11, 2023 is not completed for any reason, compliance with Delaware law may require that we submit a plan of dissolution to our then-existing stockholders for approval prior to the distribution of the proceeds held in our trust account. In that case, public stockholders may be forced to wait beyond April 11, 2023 before they receive funds from our trust account. In no other circumstances will a public stockholder have any right or interest of any kind in the trust account. Holders of warrants will not have any right to the proceeds held in the trust account with respect to the warrants. Accordingly, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. Nasdaq may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions. We cannot assure you that our securities will be, or will continue to be, listed on Nasdaq in the future or prior to our initial business combination. In order to continue listing our securities on Nasdaq prior to our initial business combination, we must maintain certain financial, distribution and share price levels. Generally, we must maintain a minimum amount in stockholders equity (generally 2,500,000) and a minimum number of holders of our securities (generally 300 public holders). Additionally, in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to demonstrate compliance with Nasdaq s initial listing requirements, which are more rigorous than Nasdaq s continued listing requirements, in order to continue to maintain the listing of our securities on Nasdaq. For instance, our share price would generally be required to be at least 4.00 per share, our stockholders equity would generally be required to be at least 5.0 million and we would be required to have a minimum of 300 round lot holders (with at least 50 of such round lot holders holding securities with a market value of at least 2,500) of our securities. We cannot assure you that we will be able to meet those initial listing requirements at that time. If Nasdaq delists our securities from trading on its exchange and we are not able to list our securities on another national securities exchange, we expect our securities could be quoted on an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur, we could face significant material adverse consequences, including: 

a limited availability of market quotations for our securities; 

reduced liquidity for our securities; 

a determination that our Class A common stock is a penny stock which requires brokers trading in our Class A common stock to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our securities; 

a limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and 

a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. The National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities, which are referred to as covered securities. Because our units, Class A common stock and warrants are listed on Nasdaq, our units, Class A common stock and warrants qualify as covered securities under the statute. Although the states are preempted from regulating the sale of our 
 35 

Table of Contents 

securities, the federal statute does allow the states to investigate companies if there is a suspicion of fraud, and, if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the states can regulate or bar the sale of covered securities in a particular case. While we are not aware of a state having used these powers to prohibit or restrict the sale of securities issued by blank check companies, other than the State of Idaho, certain state securities regulators view blank check companies unfavorably and might use these powers, or threaten to use these powers, to hinder the sale of securities of blank check companies in their states. Further, if we were no longer listed on Nasdaq, our securities would not qualify as covered securities under the statute and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities. You will not be permitted to exercise your warrants unless we register and qualify the underlying Class A common stock or certain exemptions are available. If the issuance of the Class A common stock upon exercise of the warrants is not registered, qualified or exempt from registration or qualification under the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws, holders of warrants will not be entitled to exercise such warrants and such warrants may have no value and expire worthless. In such event, holders who acquired their warrants as part of a purchase of units will have paid the full unit purchase price solely for the Class A common stock included in the units. We are not registering the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities laws at this time. However, under the terms of the warrant agreement, we have agreed that, as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 15 business days, after the closing of our initial business combination, we will use our best efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement covering the registration under the Securities Act of the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants and thereafter will use our best efforts to cause the same to become effective within 60 business days following our initial business combination and to maintain a current prospectus relating to the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants until the expiration of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement. We cannot assure you that we will be able to do so if, for example, any facts or events arise which represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement or prospectus, the financial statements contained or incorporated by reference therein are not current or correct or the SEC issues a stop order. If the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants are not registered under the Securities Act, under the terms of the warrant agreement, holders of warrants who seek to exercise their warrants will not be permitted to do so for cash and, instead, will be required to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption. In no event will warrants be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and we will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to exercise their warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state of the exercising holder, or an exemption from registration or qualification is available. If our shares of Class A common stock are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of covered securities under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, not permit holders of warrants who seek to exercise their warrants to do so for cash and, instead, require them to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act; in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement or register or qualify the shares underlying the warrants under applicable state securities laws, and in the event we do not so elect, we will use our best efforts to register or qualify the shares underlying the warrants under applicable state securities laws to the extent an exemption is not available. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any warrant, or issue securities (other than upon a cashless exercise as described above) or other compensation in exchange for the warrants in the event that we are unable to register or qualify the shares underlying the warrants under the Securities Act or applicable state securities laws. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

You may only be able to exercise your public warrants on a cashless basis under certain circumstances, and if you do so, you will receive fewer shares of Class A common stock from such exercise than if you were to exercise such warrants for cash. The warrant agreement provides that in the following circumstances holders of warrants who seek to exercise their warrants will not be permitted to do for cash and will, instead, be required to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act: (i) if the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants are not registered under the Securities Act in accordance with the terms of the warrant agreement; (ii) if we have so elected and the shares of Class A common stock is at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of covered securities under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act; and (iii) if we have so elected and we call the public warrants for redemption. If you exercise your public warrants on a cashless basis, you would pay the warrant exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of shares of Class A common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of Class A common stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the excess of the fair market value of our shares of Class A common stock (as defined in the next sentence) over the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value is the average reported closing price of the shares of Class A common stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of exercise is received by the warrant agent or on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants, as applicable. As a result, you would receive fewer shares of Class A common stock from such exercise than if you were to exercise such warrants for cash. The grant of registration rights to our initial stockholders and holders of our private placement warrants may make it more difficult to complete our initial business combination, and the future exercise of such rights may adversely affect the market price of our shares of Class A common stock. Our initial stockholders, the holders of our private placement warrants, the holders of warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans and their permitted transferees can demand that we register the shares of Class A common stock into which founder shares are convertible, holders of our private placement warrants and their permitted transferees can demand that we register the private placement warrants and the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants and holders of warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans may demand that we register such warrants or the Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of such warrants. The registration rights will be exercisable with respect to the founder shares and the private placement warrants and the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of such private placement warrants. We will bear the cost of registering these securities. The registration and availability of such a significant number of securities for trading in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A common stock. In addition, the existence of the registration rights may make our initial business combination more costly or difficult to conclude. This is because the stockholders of the target business may increase the equity stake they seek in the combined entity or ask for more cash consideration to offset the negative impact on the market price of our Class A common stock that is expected when the shares of common stock owned by our initial stockholders, holders of our private placement warrants or holders of our working capital loans or their respective permitted transferees are registered. We may issue additional shares of Class A common stock or shares of preferred stock to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business combination. We may also issue shares of Class A common stock upon the conversion of the founder shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions contained in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. Any such issuances would dilute the interest of our stockholders and likely present other risks. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes the issuance of up to 280,000,000 shares of Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, 20,000,000 shares of Class B common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, and 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.0001 per share. Currently there are 1,672,102 shares of Class A common stock and 7,500,000 issued and outstanding. The Class B common stock is automatically convertible into Class A common stock concurrently with or immediately following the consummation of our initial business combination, initially at a one-for-one ratio but subject to adjustment as set forth herein and in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. There are no shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

We may issue a substantial number of additional shares of Class A common stock or shares of preferred stock to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business combination. We may also issue shares of Class A common stock upon conversion of the Class B common stock at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions as set forth therein. However, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides, among other things, that prior to our initial business combination, we may not issue additional shares that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote as a class with our public shares (a) on any initial business combination or (b) to approve an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to (x) extend the time we have to consummate a business combination beyond April 11, 2023 or (y) amend the foregoing provisions. These provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, like all provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, may be amended with a stockholder vote. The issuance of additional shares of common stock or shares of preferred stock: 

may significantly dilute the equity interest of investors in the initial offering; 

may subordinate the rights of holders of Class A common stock if shares of preferred stock are issued with rights senior to those afforded our Class A common stock; 

could cause a change in control if a substantial number of shares of Class A common stock is issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors; and 

may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our units, Class A common stock and/or warrants. Unlike some other similarly structured special purpose acquisition companies, our initial stockholders will receive additional shares of Class A common stock if we issue certain shares to consummate an initial business combination. The founder shares will automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock concurrently with or immediately following the consummation of our initial business combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like, and subject to further adjustment as provided herein. In the case that additional shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities are issued or deemed issued in connection with our initial business combination, the ratio for which the founder shares will convert into shares of Class A common stock will be adjusted so that the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of the founder shares will equal, in the aggregate, 25 of the sum of (a) the total number of all shares of Class A common stock issued in our initial public offering (including shares issued pursuant to the underwriters over-allotment option) plus (b) the sum of (i) all shares of Class A common stock issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued in connection with or in relation to the consummation of our initial business combination (including any shares of Class A common stock issued pursuant to a forward purchase agreement), excluding any shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities or rights issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the business combination, any private placement warrants issued to our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor or to our officers and directors upon the conversion of working capital loans and any warrants issued pursuant to a forward purchase agreement, minus (ii) the number of shares of Class A common stock redeemed in connection with such business combination, provided that such conversion of founder shares shall never be less than one-for-one. This is different than some other similarly structured special purpose acquisition companies in which the initial stockholders will only be issued an aggregate of 20 of the total number of shares to be outstanding prior to the initial business combination. We may amend the terms of the warrants in a manner that may be adverse to holders of public warrants with the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants. As a result, the exercise price of your warrants could be increased, the exercise period could be shortened and the number of shares of Class A common stock purchasable upon exercise of a warrant could be decreased, all without your approval. Our warrants will be issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between CST, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any 
 38 

Table of Contents 

holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision, but requires the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders of public warrants. Accordingly, we may amend the terms of the public warrants in a manner adverse to a holder if holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants approve of such amendment. Although our ability to amend the terms of the public warrants with the consent of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants is unlimited, examples of such amendments could be amendments to, among other things, increase the exercise price of the warrants, convert the warrants into cash or stock (at a ratio different than initially provided), shorten the exercise period or decrease the number of shares of Class A common stock purchasable upon exercise of a warrant. We may redeem your unexpired warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants worthless. We have the ability to redeem outstanding warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.01 per warrant, provided that the closing price of our Class A common stock equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like and for certain issuances of Class A common stock and equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business combination) for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading-day period ending on the third trading day prior to proper notice of such redemption and provided that certain other conditions are met. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. Redemption of the outstanding warrants could force you to (i) exercise your warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous for you to do so, (ii) sell your warrants at the then-current market price when you might otherwise wish to hold your warrants or (iii) accept the nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding warrants are called for redemption, we expect would be substantially less than the market value of your warrants. None of the private placement warrants will be redeemable by us so long as they are held by their initial purchasers or their permitted transferees. Our warrants may have an adverse effect on the market price of our shares of Class A common stock and make it more difficult to effectuate our initial business combination. We issued warrants to purchase 15,000,000 shares of our Class A common stock as part of the units sold in the initial public offering and, simultaneously with the closing of the initial public offering, we issued in a private placement an aggregate of 8,000,000 private placement warrants, each exercisable to purchase one share of Class A common stock at 11.50 per share. In addition, if our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor or certain of our officers and directors makes any working capital loans, such lender may convert those loans into up to an additional 1,500,000 private placement warrants, at the price of 1.00 per warrant. To the extent we issue common stock to effectuate a business transaction, the potential for the issuance of a substantial number of additional shares of Class A common stock upon exercise of these warrants could make us a less attractive acquisition vehicle to a target business. Such warrants, when exercised, will increase the number of issued and outstanding shares of Class A common stock and reduce the value of the Class A common stock issued to complete the business transaction. Therefore, our warrants may make it more difficult to effectuate a business transaction or increase the cost of acquiring the target business. Because each unit contains one-half of one warrant and only a whole warrant may be exercised, the units may be worth less than units of other special purpose acquisition companies. Each unit contains one-half of one warrant. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, no fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units, and only whole units will trade. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number the number of shares of Class A common stock to be issued to the warrant holder. This is different from other offerings similar to ours whose units include one share of common stock and one warrant to purchase one whole share. We have established the components of the units in this way in order to reduce the dilutive 
 39 

Table of Contents 

effect of the warrants upon completion of a business combination since the warrants will be exercisable in the aggregate for one-half of the number of shares compared to units that each contain a whole warrant to purchase one share, thus making us, we believe, a more attractive merger partner for target businesses. Nevertheless, this unit structure may cause our units to be worth less than if it included a warrant to purchase one whole share. Our warrant agreement designates the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by holders of our warrants, which could limit the ability of warrant holders to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our Company. Our warrant agreement provides that, subject to applicable law, (i) any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the warrant agreement, including under the Securities Act, will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and (ii) that we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. We will waive any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and that such courts represent an inconvenient forum. Notwithstanding the foregoing, these provisions of the warrant agreement will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our warrants shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the forum provisions in our warrant agreement. If any action, the subject matter of which is within the scope the forum provisions of the warrant agreement, is filed in a court other than a court of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York (a foreign action in the name of any holder of our warrants, such holder shall be deemed to have consented to: (x) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in the State of New York in connection with any action brought in any such court to enforce the forum provisions (an enforcement action ), and (y) having service of process made upon such warrant holder in any such enforcement action by service upon such warrant holder s counsel in the foreign action as agent for such warrant holder. This choice-of-forum provision may limit a warrant holder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with our Company, which may discourage such lawsuits. Alternatively, if a court were to find this provision of our warrant agreement inapplicable or unenforceable with respect to one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and result in a diversion of the time and resources of our management and board of directors. General Risk Factors We are a blank check company with no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. We are a blank check company incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware with no operating results, and did not commence operations until obtaining funding through the initial public offering. Because we lack an operating history, you have no basis upon which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective of completing our initial business combination. We have no plans, arrangements or understandings with any prospective target business concerning a business combination and may be unable to complete our initial business combination. If we fail to complete our initial business combination, we will never generate any operating revenues. We are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure requirements available to emerging growth companies or smaller reporting companies, this could make our securities less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies. We are an emerging growth company within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to 
 40 

Table of Contents 

other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor internal controls attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. As a result, our stockholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important. We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years, although circumstances could cause us to lose that status earlier, including if the market value of our Class A common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of any June 30 before that time, in which case we would no longer be an emerging growth company as of the following December 31. We cannot predict whether investors will find our securities less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result of our reliance on these exemptions, the trading prices of our securities may be lower than they otherwise would be, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile. Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used. Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 250 million as of the prior June 30th, and (2) our annual revenues equaled or exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates equals to or exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30th. To the extent we take advantage of such reduced disclosure obligations, it may also make comparison of our financial statements with other public companies difficult or impossible. Provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and Delaware law may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors might be willing to pay in the future for our shares of Class A common stock and could entrench management. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation contains provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that stockholders may consider to be in their best interests. These provisions include a staggered board of directors and the ability of the board of directors to designate the terms of and issue new series of preferred stock, which may make more difficult the removal of management and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. We are also subject to anti-takeover provisions under Delaware law, which could delay or prevent a change of control. Together these provisions may make the removal of management more difficult and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

Provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and Delaware law may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation requires, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, that (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer or other employee to us or our stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim against us, our directors, officers or employees arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL or our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or bylaws, or (iv) any action asserting a claim against us, our directors, officers or employees governed by the internal affairs doctrine may be brought only in the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware, except any claim (A) as to which the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware determines that there is an indispensable party not subject to the jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery (and the indispensable party does not consent to the personal jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery within ten days following such determination), (B) which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or forum other than the Court of Chancery, or (C) for which the Court of Chancery does not have subject matter jurisdiction. If an action is brought outside of Delaware, the stockholder bringing the suit will be deemed to have consented to service of process on such stockholder s counsel. Although we believe this provision benefits us by providing increased consistency in the application of Delaware law in the types of lawsuits to which it applies, a court may determine that this provision is unenforceable, and to the extent it is enforceable, the provision may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers, although our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the exclusive forum provision will not apply to suits brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. Additionally, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal courts shall be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act against us or any of our directors, officers, other employees or agents. Section 22 of the Securities Act, however, created concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. Accordingly, there is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce these exclusive forum provisions, and the enforceability of similar choice of forum provisions in other companies charter documents has been challenged in legal proceedings. While the Delaware courts have determined that such exclusive forum provisions are facially valid, a stockholder may nevertheless seek to bring a claim in a venue other than those designated in the exclusive forum provisions, and there can be no assurance that such provisions will be enforced by a court in those other jurisdictions. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in our securities shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to these provisions; however, we note that investors cannot waive compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. Although we believe this provision benefits us by providing increased consistency in the application of Delaware law in the types of lawsuits to which it applies, the provision may limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us and may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers. Cyber incidents or attacks directed at us or the target businesses with which we seek to engage in an initial business combination could result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial loss. We depend on digital technologies, including information systems, infrastructure and cloud applications and services, including those of third parties with which we may deal. Sophisticated and deliberate attacks on, or security breaches in, our systems or infrastructure, or the systems or infrastructure of third parties or the cloud, could lead to corruption or misappropriation of our assets, proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data. As an early stage company without significant investments in data security protection, we may not be 
 42 

Table of Contents 

sufficiently protected against such occurrences. We may not have sufficient resources to adequately protect against, or to investigate and remediate any vulnerability to, cyber incidents. It is possible that any of these occurrences, or a combination of them, could have adverse consequences on our business and lead to financial loss. In addition, we may engage with a business combination with target businesses in any industry or geographic region. This business may be in an industry that is particularly susceptible to cyber incidents, breaches of security and personal customer data. Our warrants are accounted for as liabilities and the changes in value of our warrants could have a material effect on our financial results. In accordance with Accounting Standards Codification 815, Derivatives and Hedging ASC 815 ), warrants are accounted for as derivative liabilities measured at fair value, with changes in fair value each period reported in earnings. As a result, included on our balance sheet as of December 31, 2022 contained elsewhere in this Annual Report are derivative liabilities related to our warrants. ASC 815, provides for the remeasurement of the fair value of such derivatives at each balance sheet date, with a resulting non-cash gain or loss related to the change in the fair value being recognized in earnings in the statement of operations. As a result of the recurring fair value measurement, our financial statements and results of operations may fluctuate quarterly, based on factors, which are outside of our control. Due to the recurring fair value measurement, we expect that we will recognize non-cash gains or losses on our warrants each reporting period and that the amount of such gains or losses could be material. The impact of changes in fair value on earnings may have an adverse effect on the market price of our common stock. In addition, potential targets may seek a special purpose acquisition company that does not have warrants that are accounted for as liability, which may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination with a target business. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. None. Item 2. Properties. Our executive offices are located at 400 Perimeter Center Terrace Suite 151 Atlanta, Georgia 30346. Our executive offices are provided to us by an affiliate of our Sponsor and we have agreed to pay such affiliate of our Sponsor a total of 10,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. Item 3. Legal Proceedings. We are not currently subject to any material legal proceedings, nor, to our knowledge, is any material legal proceeding threatened against us or any of our officers or directors in their corporate capacity. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. Not applicable. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. Market Information Our units, Class A common stock and warrants are traded on Nasdaq under the symbols ALTUU, ALTU and ALTUW, respectively. Holders As of March 23, 2023, there was one holder of record of our units, two holders of record of our Class A common stock and two holders of record of our warrants. Dividends We have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of an initial business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial conditions subsequent to completion of an initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to an initial business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. If we incur any indebtedness, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans None. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use of Proceeds from Registered Offerings On August 12, 2020, we issued to our Sponsor an aggregate of 8,625,000 founder shares in exchange for a capital contribution of 25,000 at a purchase price of approximately 0.003 per share. On November 30, 2020, our Sponsor surrendered an aggregate of 1,437,500 founder shares to us for no consideration, resulting in our Sponsor holding 7,503,750 founder shares. On December 11, 2020 the underwriters partially exercised their over-allotment option, and, as a result, 975,000 founder shares were no longer subject to forfeiture and 3,750 founder shares were forfeited for no consideration. Accordingly, this resulted in our Sponsor holding an aggregate of 7,500,000 founder shares. The foregoing issuance was made pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended Securities Act ). On December 11, 2020, we consummated our initial public offering of 30,000,000 units, including the issuance of 3,900,000 units as a result of the underwriters partial exercise of their over-allotment option. The units were sold at an offering price of 10.00 per unit, generating total gross proceeds of 300,000,000. Cantor Fitzgerald Co as the sole book running manager and Odeon Capital Group, LLC acted as lead manager of the offering. The securities sold in the offering were registered under the Securities Act on registration statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-249071), filed with the SEC on September 25, 2020, as amended. The SEC declared the registration statement effective on December 8, 2020. Simultaneously with the consummation of the initial public offering, we consummated a private placement of 8,000,000 private placement warrants to our Sponsor at a purchase price of 1.00 per warrant, generating gross proceeds of 8,000,000 Such securities were issued pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. The private placement warrants are the same as the warrants sold as part of the units sold in the initial public offering, except the private placement warrants are not transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days after the 
 44 

Table of Contents 

completion of a business combination, subject to certain limited exceptions. Additionally, the private placement warrants are exercisable on a cashless basis and are non-redeemable so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees. Of the gross proceeds received from the initial public offering and private placement of private placement warrants, 300,000,000 was placed in a trust account. We paid a total of 6,000,000 in underwriting fees and 607,057 for other costs and expenses related to the initial public offering. In addition, the underwriters agreed to defer 10,500,000 in underwriting fees. Item 6. [Reserved]. Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements All statements other than statements of historical fact included in this Report including, without limitation, statements under Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations regarding the Company s financial position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements . When used in this Report, words such as anticipate, believe, estimate, expect, intend and similar expressions, as they relate to us or the Company s management, identify forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs of management, as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, the Company s management. Actual results could differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors detailed in our filings with the SEC. The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this Report. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Overview We are a blank check company incorporated on August 12, 2020 as a Delaware corporation and formed for the purpose of effecting a business combination. On December 9, 2022, we announced that we had signed a non-binding letter of intent for our initial business combination with the Target. We intend to negotiate and consummate a business combination with the Target, but we are not able to assure you whether we will complete a business combination with the Target or with any other target business. We also have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenue to date. Based on our business activities, the Company is a shell company as defined under the Exchange Act because we have no operations and nominal assets consisting almost entirely of cash. On December 11, 2020, we consummated our initial public offering of 30,000,000 units, including 3,900,000 units issued to the underwriters based on a partial exercise of their over-allotment option. Each unit consists of one share of Class A common stock and one-half of one redeemable warrant, with each whole warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one share of Class A common stock for 11.50 per share. The units were sold at a price of 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds of 300 million. Simultaneously with the consummation of the initial public offering, we completed the private placement of an aggregate of 8,000,000 warrants to the Sponsor at a purchase price of 1.00 per warrant, generating gross proceeds of 8 million. Prior to the consummation of the initial public offering, on August 12, 2020, we issued an aggregate of 8,625,000 shares of our Class B common stock to our Sponsor for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000 in cash. On November 30, 2020, our Sponsor surrendered an aggregate of 1,437,500 founder shares to us for no consideration, resulting in our Sponsor holding an aggregate of 7,503,750 founder shares. On December 11, 2020 the underwriters partially exercised their over-allotment option, and as a result, 975,000 founder shares were no longer subject to forfeiture and 3,750 founder shares were forfeited for no consideration. Accordingly, this resulted in our Sponsor holding an aggregate of 7,500,000 founder shares. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

A total of 300,000,000, comprised of 292,000,000 of the proceeds from the initial public offering (which amount includes 10,500,000 of the underwriters deferred discount) and 8,000,000 of the proceeds of the sale of the private placement warrants, was placed in a U.S.-based trust account at J.P. Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., maintained by CST, acting as trustee. On December 5, 2022, in order to mitigate the risk of being deemed an unregistered investment company, we instructed CST to liquidate the securities held in the trust account and instead hold all funds in the trust account in an interest-bearing bank deposit account. As a result, following such change, we will likely receive minimal, if any, interest, on the funds held in the trust account. As of December 31, 2022, there was 16,975,796 in cash held in the trust account. On June 10, 2022, we held a special meeting of stockholders. At the June Special Meeting, the Company s stockholders approved an amendment to the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to extend the date by which the Company must complete its initial business combination from June 11, 2022 to October 11, 2022. In connection with the June Special Meeting, stockholders holding an aggregate of 24,944,949 shares of the Company s Class A common stock exercised their right to redeem their shares for approximately 10.01 per share of the funds held in the Company s trust account, leaving approximately 50,600,000 in cash in the trust account after satisfaction of such redemptions. Prior to the June Special Meeting, on June 9, 2022, we entered into non redemption agreements with certain of our existing stockholders holding an aggregate of 1,250,000 shares of Class A common stock. Pursuant to the June Non-Redemption Agreements, the June Non-Redeeming Stockholders agreed to (a) not redeem any shares of Class A common stock held by them on the date of the Non-Redemption Agreements in connection with the June Extension Amendment Proposal, (b) vote all of their Shares in favor of the June Extension Amendment Proposal and any initial business combination presented by the Company for approval by its stockholders, and (c) not Transfer (as such term is defined in the June Non-Redemption Agreements) any of their shares until the earlier of October 11, 2022 and consummation of the Company s initial business combination. In connection with the June Non-Redemption Agreements, Gary Teplis, the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, agreed to pay to each June Non-Redeeming Stockholder 0.033 per share in cash per month through the Termination Date as a result Gary Teplis contibuted a total of 184,929 as part of the executed June Non-Redemption Agreements. On October 6, 2022, we held a special meeting of stockholders. At the October Special Meeting, the Company s stockholders approved an amendment to the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to extend the date by which the Company must complete a business combination from October 11, 2022 to April 11, 2023. In connection with the October Special Meeting, stockholders holding an aggregate of 3,382,949 shares of the Company s Class A common stock exercised their right to redeem their shares for approximately 10.05 per share of the funds held in the Company s trust account, leaving approximately 16,810,087 in cash in the trust account after satisfaction of such redemptions. Prior to the October Special Meeting, on October 5, 2022, we entered into a non-redemption agreement with one of our existing stockholders holding an aggregate of 223,124 shares of Class A common stock, par value 0.0001, of the Company. Pursuant to the October Non-Redemption Agreement, the October Non-Redeeming Stockholder agreed to (a) not redeem the shares in connection with the October Extension Amendment Proposal and (b) vote all of its shares in favor of the October Extension Amendment Proposal. In connection with the October Non-Redemption Agreement, Gary Teplis, the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, agreed to pay to the October Non-Redeeming Stockholder 0.05 per Share per month through April 11, 2023, in a single cash payment within 45 days from the date of the October Non-Redemption Agreement as a result Gary Teplis contibuted a total 66,937 as part of the executed October Non-Redemption Agreements. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

As of December 31, 2022, a total of 16,975,795.93 was held in the trust account. The trust account is held in an interest-bearing bank deposit account and the income earned on the deposit account is also for the benefit of our public stockholders. Our management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the initial public offering and the Private Placement, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally towards consummating a business combination. Letter of Intent On December 9, 2022, we entered into a LOI for a business combination the Target. The Target, a leader in its medical device field with a product that is commercially available and approved for use in over 30 countries, seeks additional expansion in the U.S. and globally. Under the terms of the LOI, Altitude and the Target would be become a combined entity, with the Target s existing equity holders rolling 100 of their equity into the combined public company. The proposed transaction values the Target at an enterprise value of 480 million and calls for the combined company to have at least 30 million in net cash at the time of closing. Altitude expects to announce additional details regarding the proposed business combination when a definitive merger agreement is executed, which is expected in the first quarter of 2023. Completion of a business combination with the Target is subject to, among other matters, the completion of due diligence, the negotiation of a definitive agreement providing for the transaction, satisfaction of the conditions negotiated therein and approval of the transaction by the board and stockholders of both Altitude and the Target. There can be no assurance that a definitive agreement will be entered into or that the proposed transaction will be consummated on the terms or timeframe currently contemplated, or at all. Nasdaq Deficiency Notice On January 9, 2023, the Company received the Deficiency Notice from Nasdaq indicating that the Company failed to hold an annual meeting of stockholders within 12 months after its fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, as required by Nasdaq Listing Rule 5620(a). The Company submitted a plan to regain compliance and Nasdaq granted the Company until April 11, 2023, its current liquidation date, to regain compliance. Preliminary Proxy Statement On March 6, 2023, we filed a preliminary proxy statement seeking stockholder approval for the Extension Amendment Proposal, the Founder Share Amendment Proposal, the Redemption Limitation Amendment Proposal and the Director Election Proposal. Results of Operations As of December 31, 2022, we have not commenced any operations. All activity for the period from August 12, 2020 (inception) through December 31, 2022, relates to our formation and initial public offering, and, since the completion of the IPO, searching for a target to consummate a business combination. We will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of a business combination, at the earliest. We generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on cash deposits in the trust account. We incur expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had a net income of 9,342,644 which included unrealized gain on change in fair value of warrants of 12,065,834, interest income earned on the proceeds in the trust account of 654,735 and interest income earned on the operating bank account of 4, partially offset by operating costs of 3,339,747 and income tax provision of 38,180. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

For the year ended December 31, 2021, we had a net income of 15,225,829, which included unrealized gain on change in fair value of warrants of 20,358,180, gain on settlement of payable of 860,699, interest income earned on the proceeds in the trust account of 26,714 and interest income earned on the operating bank account of 24, partially offset by operating costs of 6,019,788. Liquidity and Capital Resources As of December 31, 2022, we had cash outside our trust account of 760 available for working capital needs. All remaining cash was held in the trust account and is generally unavailable for our use prior to an initial business combination. On December 11, 2020, we consummated the IPO of 30,000,000 Units, at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 300,000,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, we consummated the sale of 8,000,000 warrants, at a price of 1.00 per Private Warrant, generating gross proceeds of 8,000,000. In connection with the IPO, the underwriters were granted a 45-day option from the date of the prospectus to purchase up to 3,915,000 additional Units to cover over-allotments, if any. On December 11, 2020, the underwriters partially exercised their Over-Allotment Option and purchased an additional 3,900,000 Units. The unexercised portion of the over-allotment option was forfeited. Following our IPO and the sale of the Private Warrants, a total of 300,000,000 10.00 per Unit) was placed in the trust account. We incurred 17,107,057 in IPO related costs, including 6,000,000 of underwriting fees, 10,500,000 of deferred underwriting discount and 607,057 of other costs. As of December 31, 2022, we had investments held in the trust account of 16,975,896.93 (including approximately consisting of cash held in an interest-bearing bank deposit account. Interest income on the balance in the trust account may be used by us to pay taxes. For the year ended December 31, 2022, cash used in operating activities was 123,494. Net income of 9,342,644 was impacted by interest income earned on the trust account of 654,735, unrealized gain on change in fair value of warrants of 12,065,834, and changes in operating assets and liabilities, which provided 3,002,565 of cash for operating activities. For the year ended December 31, 2021, cash used in operating activities was 721,275. Net income of 15,225,829 was impacted by interest income earned on the trust account of 26,714, gain on settlement of payable of 860,699, unrealized gain on change in fair value of warrants of 20,358,180, and changes in operating assets and liabilities, which provided 5,298,489 of cash for operating activities. We intend to use substantially all of the funds held in the trust account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriters discount) to complete our initial business combination. We may withdraw interest to pay our taxes and liquidation expenses if we are unsuccessful in completing a business combination. We estimate our annual franchise tax obligations to be 200,000, which is the maximum amount of annual franchise taxes payable by us as a Delaware corporation per annum, which we may pay from funds from the initial public offering held outside of the trust account or from interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and released to us for this purpose. Our annual income tax obligations will depend on the amount of interest and other income earned on the amounts held in the trust account reduced by our operating expense and franchise taxes. We expect the interest earned on the amount in the trust account will be sufficient to pay our income taxes. To the extent that our equity or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete our initial business combination, the remaining proceeds held in the trust account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

On June 2, 2021, we issued an unsecured promissory note to the Sponsor for an aggregate available principal amount of 300,000 to be used for a portion of the expenses of the business combination. This loan is non-interest bearing, unsecured and due at the earlier of December 31, 2021 or the closing of the business combination. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was 0 balance under the promissory note. Further, our Sponsor, officers and directors or their respective affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required (the Working Capital Loans ). If we complete a business combination, we would repay the Working Capital Loans. In the event that a business combination does not close, we may use a portion of proceeds held outside the trust account to repay the Working Capital Loans, but no proceeds held in the trust account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. Such Working Capital Loans would be evidenced by promissory notes. The notes would either be repaid upon consummation of a business combination, without interest, or, at the lender s discretion. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, no Working Capital Loans have been issued. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company owed the Sponsor or its affiliates 802,644 and 100,000 related to advances, respectively. Although management expects that it will be able to raise additional capital to support its planned activities and complete a business combination on or prior to April 11, 2023, it is uncertain whether it will be able to do so. However, if our estimate of the costs of identifying a target business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating a business combination are less than the actual amount necessary to do so, we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business prior to our business combination. Moreover, we may need to obtain additional financing either to complete our business combination or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our public shares upon consummation of our business combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such business combination. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we would only complete such financing simultaneously with the completion of our business combination. If we are unable to complete our business combination because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the trust account. In addition, following our business combination, if cash on hand is insufficient, we may need to obtain additional financing in order to meet our obligations. Off-Balance Sheet Financing Arrangements We did not have any off-balance sheet arrangement as of December 31, 2022. Contractual Obligations As of December 31, 2022, we did not have any long-term debt, capital or operating lease obligations. We entered into an administrative services agreement pursuant to which we will pay an affiliate of one of our directors for office space and secretarial and administrative services provided to members of our management team, in an amount not to exceed 10,000 per month. We have incurred 120,000 of administrative service fees for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Critical Accounting Estimate The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. We have identified the following critical accounting estimates: Use of Estimates The preparation of the financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires the Company s management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

Making estimates requires management to exercise significant judgment. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect of a condition, situation or set of circumstances that existed at the date of the financial statements, which management considered in formulating its estimate, could change in the near term due to one or more future confirming events. The warrants liabilities are the Company s most significant estimate. Accordingly, the actual results could differ significantly from those estimates. Derivative Financial Instruments We evaluate our financial instruments to determine if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded derivatives in accordance with ASC Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging . Derivative instruments are recorded at fair value on the grant date and re-valued at each reporting date, with changes in the fair value reported in the statements of operations. Derivative assets and liabilities are classified on the balance sheet as current or non-current based on whether or not net-cash settlement or conversion of the instrument could be required within 12 months of the balance sheet date. We have determined that the warrants are a derivative instrument. FASB ASC 470-20, Debt with Conversion and Other Options addresses the allocation of proceeds from the issuance of convertible debt into its equity and debt components. We apply this guidance to allocate IPO proceeds from the Units between Class A common stock and warrants, using the residual method by allocating IPO proceeds first to fair value of the warrants and then the Class A common stock. Class A Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption We account for our Class A common stock subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in the Financial Accounting Standards Board s FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. Common stock subject to mandatory redemption (if any) are classified as liability instruments and are measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable Class A common stock (including common stock that feature redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within our control) are classified as temporary equity. At all other times, common stock is classified as stockholders deficit. Our Class A common stock feature certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of our control and subject to the occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the 1,672,102 and 30,000,000 Class A common stock subject to possible redemption, respectively, are presented as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders deficit section of our balance sheets. Net Income (Loss) Per Common Stock We have two classes of shares, which are referred to as Class A common stock and Class B common stock. Earnings and losses are shared pro rata between the two classes of shares. The 23,000,000 shares of Class A common stock potentially issuable upon the exercise of outstanding warrants to purchase our shares were excluded from diluted earnings per share for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 because the warrants are contingently exercisable, and the contingencies have not yet been met. As a result, diluted net income (loss) per common stock is the same as basic net income (loss) per common stock for the periods presented. Recent Accounting Standards In August 2020, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU No. 2020-06, Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40): Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity s Own Equity ASU 2020-06 ), which simplifies accounting for convertible instruments by removing major separation models required under current GAAP. The ASU also removes certain settlement conditions that are required for equity-linked contracts to qualify for the derivative scope exception, and it simplifies the diluted earnings per share 
 50 

Table of Contents 

calculation in certain areas. ASU 2020-06 is effective January 1, 2024 and should be applied on a full or modified retrospective basis, with early adoption permitted on January 1, 2021. Adoption of the ASU did not impact the Company s financial position, results of operations or cash flows. Management does not believe that any recently issued, but not effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on our condensed financial statements. JOBS Act The JOBS Act contains provisions that, among other things, relax certain reporting requirements for qualifying public companies. We qualify as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act and are allowed to comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements based on the effective date for private (not publicly traded) companies. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used.. Additionally, subject to certain conditions set forth in the JOBS Act, if, as an emerging growth company, we choose to rely on such exemptions we may not be required to, among other things, (i) provide an independent registered public accounting firm s attestation report on our system of internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404, (ii) provide all of the compensation disclosure that may be required of non-emerging growth public companies under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, (iii) comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the PCAOB regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the independent registered public accounting firm s report providing additional information about the audit and the financial statements (auditor discussion and analysis), and (iv) disclose certain executive compensation related items such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and comparisons of the CEO s compensation to median employee compensation. These exemptions will apply for a period of five years following the completion of this offering or until we are no longer an emerging growth company, whichever is earlier. Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise required under this item. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. This information appears following Item 15 of this Annual Report and is included herein by reference. Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. None. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Disclosure controls are procedures that are designed with the objective of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time period specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls are also designed with the objective of ensuring that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including the chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

As required by Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. Based upon their evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) were effective. Accordingly, management believes that the financial statements included in this Annual Report present fairly in all material respects our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the period presented. Management s Report on Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting As required by SEC rules and regulations implementing Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our consolidated financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with US GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

(1) 
 pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of our company, 

(2) 
 provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with US GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors, and 

(3) 
 provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our financial statements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting at December 31, 2022. In making these assessments, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). Based on our assessments and those criteria, management determined that we maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm due to our status as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Item 9B. Other Information None. Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections Not applicable. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

NAME 
 
 AGE 
 
 POSITION 

Gary Teplis 
 
 54 
 
 President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 Farris Griggs 
 
 51 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Hilton Sturisky 
 
 52 
 
 Director 
 
 Michel Taride 
 
 66 
 
 Director 
 
 Warren Hosseinion 
 
 46 
 
 Chairman 
 Gary Teplis has served as our President, Chief Executive Officer and Director since our inception on August 12, 2020. Mr. Teplis currently serves as the Chief Executive Officer of Teplis Travel. During Mr. Teplis s tenure as Chief Executive Officer of Teplis Travel, which began in 2010, revenues have grown by almost 56 through the end of fiscal year 2019, and Teplis Travel became one of the top 25 TMCs in the United States. Mr. Teplis has been an avid public equity, private equity and angel investor in a multitude of industries for many years. He was an investor in Travelscape, which was successfully sold to Expedia at a premium. In addition, Mr. Teplis was also a lead investor in the development of Under Armour s global corporate headquarters in Baltimore, Maryland. Mr. Teplis is well qualified to serve as our Chief Executive Officer due to his over thirty-five years of experience in the travel industry and the breadth of his experience as an investor. Farris Griggs has served as our Chief Financial Officer since our inception. Mr. Griggs currently serves as the Chief Financial Officer and Vice President of Finance at Teplis Travel where he is tasked with key financial decision making. Mr. Griggs joined Teplis Travel after a very successful 20-year tenure with the Finance Leadership team at BCD Travel, a global leader in business travel with 27.1 billion in sales. Mr. Griggs is well qualified to serve as our Chief Financial Officer due to his over twenty years of experience in the business travel industry. Hilton Sturisky has served on our board of directors since December 2020. Most recently, Mr. Sturisky was the CIO at William Hill a leading sports better company. Mr. Sturisky has extensive travel industry experience as he has served as the CIO at Crawford and Company, Spirit Airlines and BCD Travel. Mr. Sturisky has also held leadership roles at Pfizer Pharmaceuticals and The Coca-Cola Company. Mr. Sturisky has spent his career restructuring large scale operating models involving disparate IT functions and legacy systems in high transaction complex environments. He holds a degree from the University of Witwatersrand in Johannesburg, South Africa, as well as graduate degrees from Emory University and Georgia Tech. Mr. Sturisky is well-qualified to sit on our board of directors due to the fact that he is well versed in leveraging digital technology to enhance customer experience, obtain insight from data, and drive aggressive growth and innovation across diverse industries. Michel Taride has served on our board of directors since December 2020. Mr. Taride currently serves as a Strategic Advisor in Travel, Tourism and Smart Mobility at Orfeo Advisors and as a Senior Advisor at Drake Star, Drive TLV and a Partner at NextGear Ventures, an Israeli based VC fund. He is also an Operating Partner at C4 Ventures and a Strategic Advisor at Knighthood Capital Partners. Previously, Mr. Taride was the Group President of Hertz International, the leading global car rental brand, where he was responsible for all of Hertz s wholly-owned and franchise operations in 150 countries across all continents other than North America. Mr. Taride has served on the Global Travel Tourism Partnership Advisory Board for over a decade and has acted as chairman for the last 8 years. Mr. Taride is also an Ambassador for the World Travel and Tourism Council, and a Strategic Advisor at the Digiworld Institute, a European think tank where he leads initiatives around connected mobility. 
 53 

Table of Contents 

Warren Hosseinion has served as the Chairman of our board since September 2022. Dr. Hosseinion is a co-founder of Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc., has been a member of its board of directors since July 2008, and served as its Chief Executive Officer from July 2008 to December 2017 and Co-Chief Executive Officer from December 2017 to March 2019. Dr. Hosseinion was Chairman of the board of directors of Clinigence Holdings, Inc. from April 2019 to March 2022, Chief Executive Officer of Clinigence Holdings, Inc. from March 2021 to March 2022, and following a business combination with Nutex Health, Inc. he continues to be a director and President of Nutex Health, Inc. from March 2022 to present. Dr. Hosseinion has also served as Chairman of the Board of Cardio Diagnostics, Inc. from May 2022 to present. In 2001, Dr. Hosseinion co-founded ApolloMed. Dr. Hosseinion received his B.S. in Biology from the University of San Francisco, his M.S. in physiology and biophysics from the Georgetown University Graduate School of Arts and Sciences, his medical degree from the Georgetown University. Number and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors Our board of directors consists of six members and is divided into three classes with only one class of directors being elected in each year, and with each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual meeting of stockholders) serving a three-year term. In accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq. The term of office of the first class of directors, consisting of Mr. Sturisky, will expire at our first annual meeting of stockholders. The term of office of the second class of directors, consisting of Mr. Taride, will expire at our second annual meeting of stockholders. The term of office of the third class of directors, consisting of Dr. Hosseinion and Mr. Teplis, will expire at the third annual meeting of stockholders. Our officers are appointed by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of directors is authorized to appoint officers as it deems appropriate pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. Committees of the Board of Directors Our board of directors has two standing committees: an audit committee and a compensation committee. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception, the rules of Nasdaq and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception, the rules of Nasdaq require that the compensation committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. Audit Committee We have established an audit committee of the board of directors. Dr. Hosseinion, Mr. Taride and Mr. Sturisky serves as members of our audit committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have three members of the audit committee, all of whom must be independent. Each of Dr. Hosseinion, Mr. Taride and Mr. Sturisky meet the independent director standard under Nasdaq listing standards and under Rule 10-A-3(b)(1) of the Exchange Act. Dr. Hosseinion serves as the chairman of the audit committee. Each member of the audit committee is financially literate and our board of directors has determined that Dr. Hosseinion qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules. We have adopted an audit committee charter, which details the principal functions of the audit committee, including: 

meeting with our independent registered public accounting firm regarding, among other issues, audits, and adequacy of our accounting and control systems; 
 54 

Table of Contents 

monitoring the independence of the independent registered public accounting firm; 

verifying the rotation of the lead (or coordinating) audit partner having primary responsibility for the audit and the audit partner responsible for reviewing the audit as required by law; 

inquiring and discussing with management our compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 

pre-approving all audit services and permitted non-audit services to be performed by our independent registered public accounting firm, including the fees and terms of the services to be performed; 

appointing or replacing the independent registered public accounting firm; 

determining the compensation and oversight of the work of the independent registered public accounting firm (including resolution of disagreements between management and the independent registered public accounting firm regarding financial reporting) for the purpose of preparing or issuing an audit report or related work; 

establishing procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received by us regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or reports which raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies; 

monitoring compliance on a quarterly basis with the terms of the initial public offering and, if any noncompliance is identified, immediately taking all action necessary to rectify such noncompliance or otherwise causing compliance with the terms of the initial public offering; and 

reviewing and approving all payments made to our existing stockholders, executive officers or directors and their respective affiliates. Any payments made to members of our audit committee will be reviewed and approved by our board of directors, with the interested director or directors abstaining from such review and approval. Compensation Committee We have established a compensation committee of the board of directors. Dr. Hosseinion and Mr. Taride serve as members of our compensation committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least two members of the compensation committee, all of whom must be independent. Dr. Hosseinion and Mr. Taride are independent. We adopted a compensation committee charter, which details the principal functions of the compensation committee, including: 

reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer s compensation, evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation; 

reviewing and approving the compensation of all of our other Section 16 executive officers; 

reviewing our executive compensation policies and plans; 

implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; 

assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; 

approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our executive officers and employees; 

producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and 

reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 
 55 

Table of Contents 

The charter also provides that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, legal counsel or other adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation committee will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by Nasdaq and the SEC. Director Nominations We do not have a standing nominating committee though we intend to form a corporate governance and nominating committee as and when required to do so by law or Nasdaq rules. In accordance with Rule 5605(e)(2) of the Nasdaq rules, a majority of the independent directors may recommend a director nominee for selection by our board of directors. Our board of directors believes that the independent directors can satisfactorily carry out the responsibility of properly selecting or approving director nominees without the formation of a standing nominating committee. The directors participating in the consideration and recommendation of director nominees are each of our independent directors, Dr. Hosseinion, Mr. Taride and Mr. Sturisky. In accordance with Rule 5605(e)(1)(A) of the Nasdaq rules, all such directors are independent. As there is no standing nominating committee, we do not have a nominating committee charter in place. The board of directors will also consider director candidates recommended for nomination by our stockholders during such times as they are seeking proposed nominees to stand for election at the next annual meeting of stockholders (or, if applicable, a special meeting of stockholders). Our stockholders that wish to nominate a director for election to our board of directors should follow the procedures set forth in our bylaws. We have not formally established any specific, minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess. In general, in identifying and evaluating nominees for director, our board of directors considers educational background, diversity of professional experience, knowledge of our business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent the best interests of our stockholders. Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation None of our executive officers currently serve and in the past year has not served, as a member of the compensation committee of any entity that has one or more executive officers serving on our board of directors. Code of Ethics We have adopted a code of ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees Code of Ethics that complies with the rules and regulations of Nasdaq. The Code of Ethics codifies the business and ethical principles that govern all aspects of our business. We have previously filed copies of our form of Code of Ethics as an exhibit to the registration statement in connection with our initial public offering. You may review these documents by accessing our public filings at the SEC s web site at www.sec.gov. In addition, we undertake to provide a copy of the Code of Ethics without charge upon request from us. You may request a copy of the Code of Ethics by mail at 400 Perimeter Center Terrace Suite 151, Atlanta, Georgia, 30346 or access a copy online at www.altitudeac.com. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K. Conflicts of Interest Members of our management team do not have any obligation to present us with any opportunity for a potential business combination of which they become aware, unless presented to such member solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of the Company. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is 
 56 

Table of Contents 

expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our Company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue, and to the extent the director or officer is permitted to refer that opportunity to us without violating another legal obligation. Our officers and directors have agreed not to participate in the formation of, or become an officer or director of any other special purpose acquisition company with a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act, until we have entered into a definitive agreement regarding our initial business combination or we have failed to complete our initial business combination by April 11, 2023. Potential investors should also be aware of the following other potential conflicts of interest: 

Our executive officers and directors are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our operations and our search for a business combination and their other businesses. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Each of our executive officers is engaged in several other business endeavors for which he may be entitled to substantial compensation, and our executive officers are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs. 

Our initial stockholders purchased founder shares prior to the date of the initial public offering and purchased private placement warrants in a transaction that closed simultaneously with the closing of the initial public offering. Our initial stockholders have entered into agreements with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and any public shares they hold in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. The other members of our management team have entered into agreements similar to the one entered into by our initial stockholders with respect to any public shares acquired by them. Additionally, our initial stockholders have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to their founder shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame or any extended period of time that we may have to consummate an initial business combination as a result of an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. If we do not complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame, the private placement warrants will expire worthless. Furthermore, our initial stockholders have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder shares until the earlier to occur of: (i) one year after the completion of our initial business combination and (ii) the date following the completion of our initial business combination on which we complete a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their common stock for cash, securities or other property. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the closing price of our Class A common stock equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, the founder shares will be released from the lockup. Subject to certain limited exceptions, the private placement warrants will not be transferable until 30 days following the completion of our initial business combination. Because each of our executive officers and director nominees will own common stock or warrants directly or indirectly, they may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. 

Our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. 

The Sponsor, our officers or directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a business combination and financing arrangements as we may obtain loans from the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor or any of our officers or directors to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination. Up to 1,500,000 of such working capital loans may be 
 57 

Table of Contents 

convertible into private placement-equivalent units at a price of 10.00 per unit at the option of the lender. Such units would be identical to the private placement units, including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period of the underlying warrants. The conflicts described above may not be resolved in our favor. In general, officers and directors of a corporation incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware are required to present business opportunities to a corporation if: 

the corporation could financially undertake the opportunity; 

the opportunity is within the corporation s line of business; and 

it would not be fair to our Company and its stockholders for the opportunity not to be brought to the attention of the corporation. Accordingly, as a result of multiple business affiliations, our officers and directors may have similar legal obligations relating to presenting business opportunities meeting the above-listed criteria to multiple entities. Furthermore, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our Company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue, and to the extent the director or officer is permitted to refer that opportunity to us without violating another legal obligation. Below is a table summarizing the entities to which our executive officers and directors currently have fiduciary duties or contractual obligations: 

INDIVIDUAL1 
 
 ENTITY 
 
 ENTITY S BUSINESS 
 
 AFFILIATION 

Gary Teplis 
 
 Teplis Travel Altitude Acquisition Corp. II Altitude Acquisition Corp. III 
 
 Travel and tourism Travel and tourism Travel and tourism 
 
 Chief Executive Officer President and Chief Executive Officer, Director President and Chief Executive Officer, Director 

Farris Griggs 
 
 Teplis Travel Altitude Acquisition Corp. II Altitude Acquisition Corp. III 
 
 Travel and tourism Travel and tourism Travel and tourism 
 
 Vice President of Finance Chief Financial Officer Chief Financial Officer 

Warren Hosseinion 
 
 Nutex Health, Inc. Cardio Diagnostics, Inc. 
 
 Healthcare Biotechnology 
 
 Director and President Chairman 

Hilton Sturisky 
 
 William Hill Bain Company 
 
 Betting and gaming Management consulting 
 
 Chief Information Officer Senior Advisor 

Michel Taride 
 
 Orfeo Advisors SAS. Next Gear Ventures Drake Star. C4 Ventures Knighthood Capital Partner Altitude Acquisition Corp. II Altitude Acquisition III. 
 
 Strategic Advisory Venture Fund. Investment Banking. Venture Fund. Strategic Advisory. Travel and Tourism Travel and Tourism 
 
 Managing Director Partner Senior Advisor Operating Partner Senior Advisor Director Nominee Director Nominee 
 
 58 

Table of Contents 

Accordingly, if any of the above executive officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for any of the above entities to which he or she has current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, and only present it to us if such entity rejects the opportunity. We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our Sponsor, our officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with such a company, we, or a committee of independent directors, would obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA, or from an independent accounting firm, that such an initial business combination is fair to our Company from a financial point of view. In the event that we submit our initial business combination to our public stockholders for a vote, pursuant to the letter agreement, our Sponsor, our officers and directors have agreed to vote any founder shares held by them and any public shares purchased during or after the offering (including in open market and privately negotiated transactions) in favor of our initial business combination. Limitation on Liability and Indemnification of Officers and Directors Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that our officers and directors will be indemnified by us to the fullest extent authorized by Delaware law, as it now exists or may in the future be amended. In addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that our directors will not be personally liable for monetary damages to us or our stockholders for breaches of their fiduciary duty as directors, unless they violated their duty of loyalty to us or our stockholders, acted in bad faith, knowingly or intentionally violated the law, authorized unlawful payments of dividends, unlawful stock purchases or unlawful redemptions, or derived an improper personal benefit from their actions as directors. We have entered into agreements with our officers and directors to provide contractual indemnification in addition to the indemnification provided for in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. Our bylaws also permit us to secure insurance on behalf of any officer, director or employee for any liability arising out of his or her actions, regardless of whether Delaware law would permit such indemnification. We purchased a policy of directors and officers liability insurance that insures our officers and directors against the cost of defense, settlement or payment of a judgment in some circumstances and insures us against our obligations to indemnify our officers and directors. These provisions may discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against our directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against officers and directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our stockholders. Furthermore, a stockholder s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions. We believe that these provisions, the directors and officers liability insurance and the indemnity agreements are necessary to attract and retain talented and experienced officers and directors. Except with respect to any public shares they may acquire in our initial public offering or thereafter (in the event we do not consummate an initial business combination), our officers and directors have agreed to waive (and any other persons who may become an officer or director prior to the initial business combination will also be required to waive) any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the trust account, and not to seek recourse against the trust account for any reason whatsoever, including with respect to such indemnification. Item 11. Executive Compensation. Other than consulting fees of 7,500 per month paid to Kevin Schubert, our former Chief Operating Officer, from August 15, 2022 until May 2022, 5,000 per month paid to Adeel Rouf, our former Senior Vice President 
 59 

Table of Contents 

of Corporate Finance, respectively, from August 15, 2020 to May 2022 and 45,000 due to Adeel Rouf at such time when we complete our business combination none of our executive officers or directors have received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. From December 10, 2020 through the earlier of consummation of our initial business combination and our liquidation, we will pay our Sponsor 10,000 per month for office space, secretarial and administrative services provided to members of our management team. In addition, our Sponsor, executive officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our Sponsor, executive officers or directors, or our or their affiliates. Any such payments prior to an initial business combination will be made from funds held outside the trust account. Other than quarterly audit committee review of such reimbursements, we do not expect to have any additional controls in place governing our reimbursement payments to our directors and executive officers for their out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with our activities on our behalf in connection with identifying and consummating an initial business combination. Other than these payments and reimbursements, no compensation of any kind, including finder s and consulting fees, will be paid by the company to our Sponsor, executive officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, prior to completion of our initial business combination. We do not intend to take any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of our initial business combination, although it is possible that some or all of our executive officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements to remain with us after our initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements to retain their positions with us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business but we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business combination will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any agreements with our executive officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation None of our executive officers currently serve and in the past year has not served, as a member of the compensation committee of any entity that has one or more executive officers serving on our board of directors. Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of March 23, 2023 by: 

each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding shares of common stock; 

each of our executive officers and directors; and 

all our executive officers and directors as a group. Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock beneficially owned by them. The following table does not reflect record or beneficial ownership of the private placement warrants as these warrants are not exercisable within 60 days of the date of this Form 10-K. 
 60 

Table of Contents 

The beneficial ownership of our common stock is based on 9,172,102 shares of common stock issued and outstanding as of March 23, 2023, consisting of 1,672,102 shares of Class A common stock and 7,500,000 shares of Class B common stock. 

NAME AND ADDRESS OF BENEFICIAL OWNER (1) 
 
 NUMBER OF SHARES BENEFICIALLY OWNED (2) 

APPROXIMATE PERCENTAGE OF OUTSTANDING COMMON STOCK 

Directors and Executive Officers 

Gary Teplis (2) 

7,500,000 

82 

Farris Griggs 

Hilton Sturisky 

Michel Taride 

Warren Hosseinion 

All executive officers and directors and director nominees as a group (nine individuals) 

7,500,000 

82 

Five Percent Stockholders 

Altitude Acquisition Holdco LLC (our Sponsor) (2) 

7,500,000 

82 

(1) 
 The principal business address of each of the following entities or individuals is c/o Altitude Acquisition Corp., 400 Perimeter Center Terrace Suite 151 Atlanta, Georgia 30346. 

(2) 
 Represents shares of Class B common stock held by Altitude Acquisition Holdco LLC, our Sponsor. Such shares are convertible into shares of Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment. Mr. Teplis is the sole managing member of Altitude Acquisition Holdco LLC. Mr. Teplis has sole voting and investment discretion and sole dispositive power with respect to the common stock held of record by Altitude Acquisition Holdco LLC. Each of our officers and directors other than Mr. Teplis disclaims any beneficial ownership of any shares held by Altitude Acquisition Holdco LLC. Each such person disclaims any beneficial ownership of the reported shares other than to the extent of any pecuniary interest they may have therein, directly or indirectly. Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. Founder Shares On August 12, 2020, our Sponsor purchased an aggregate of 8,625,000 founder shares for an aggregate price of 25,000. On November 30, 2020, our Sponsor surrendered an aggregate of 1,437,500 founder shares to us for no consideration, resulting in our Sponsor holding an aggregate of 7,503,750 founder shares. On December 11, 2020 the underwriters partially exercised their over-allotment option, and as a result, 975,000 founder shares were no longer subject to forfeiture and 3,750 founder shares were forfeited for no consideration. Accordingly, this resulted in our Sponsor holding an aggregate of 7,500,000 founder shares. The founder shares will automatically convert into Class A common stock upon the consummation of a business combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustments. Our Sponsor has agreed, subject to certain limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of its founder shares until the earlier to occur of: (A) one year after the completion of a business combination or (B) subsequent to a business combination, (x) if the last sale price of the Class A common stock equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after a business combination, or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of the Company s stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. Related Party Loans On August 12, 2020, we issued an unsecured promissory note to our Sponsor (the Promissory Note ), pursuant to which we could borrow up to an aggregate principal amount of 300,000. The Promissory Note was 
 61 

Table of Contents 

non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of December 31, 2020 or the completion of the initial public offering. As of December 11, 2020, the total amount borrowed under the Promissory Note was 275,000. The Promissory Note was repaid on December 16, 2020 and is no longer available to the Company. On December 11, 2020, our Sponsor advanced us an aggregate amount of 634,447. We repaid the advance in full on December 16, 2020. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company owed the Sponsor or its affiliates 802,644 and 100,000 related to advances, respectively. In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with a business combination, our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor, or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, provide us with Working Capital Loans. If we complete a business combination, we would repay the Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds of the trust account released to us. Otherwise, the Working Capital Loans would be repaid only out of funds held outside the trust account. In the event that a business combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the trust account to repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds held in the trust account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. Except for the foregoing, the terms of such Working Capital Loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. The Working Capital Loans would either be repaid upon consummation of a business combination, without interest, or, at the lender s discretion, up to 1,500,000 of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant. The warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, no Working Capital Loans were outstanding. Administrative Services Agreement We entered into an agreement with an affiliate of our Sponsor whereby, commencing on December 9, 2020 through the earlier of the consummation of a business combination and our liquidation, we agreed to pay the affiliate 10,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support. We recognized an aggregate of 120,000, in expenses incurred in connection with the aforementioned arrangements with the related parties on our Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. The firm of WithumSmith+Brown, PC, or Withum, acts as our independent registered public accounting firm. The following is a summary of fees paid to Withum for services rendered. Audit Fees. Audit fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and services that are normally provided by Withum in connection with regulatory filings. The aggregate fees billed by WithumSmith+Brown, PC required filings with the SEC for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 totaled 40,560 and 76,735, respectively. Audit-Related Fees. Audit-related fees consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit or review of our year-end financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest services that are not required by statute or regulation and consultation concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we did not pay WithumSmith+Brown, PC any audit-related fees. Tax Fees . Tax fees consist of fees billed for professional services relating to tax compliance, tax planning and tax advice. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we did not pay WithumSmith+Brown, PC any tax fees. 
 62 

Table of Contents 

All Other Fees . All other fees consist of fees billed for all other services. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we did not pay WithumSmith+Brown, PC any other fees. Pre-Approval Policy Our audit committee was formed upon the consummation of our initial public offering. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing services, although any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board of directors. Since the formation of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve all auditing services and permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit). 
 63 

Table of Contents 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 

(a)
 
 The following documents are filed as part of this Form 10-K:

(1) Financial Statements: 

ALTITUDE ACQUISITION CORP. 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

F-65

Financial Statements:

Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021

F-66

Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021

F-67

Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021

F-68

Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021

F-69

Notes to Financial Statements 

F-70 to F-87

64 

Table of Contents 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of 

Altitude Acquisition Corp. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Altitude Acquisition Corp. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations, changes in stockholders deficit and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, if the Company is unable to raise additional funds to alleviate liquidity needs and complete a business combination by April 11, 2023 then the Company will cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating. The liquidity condition and date for mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans regarding these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 
2020. 
 
 March 2 3
, 2023 
 PCAOB ID Number 
 
 F-6 5

Table of Contents 

ALTITUDE ACQUISITION CORP. 

BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 2022

December 31, 2021

Assets

Current Assets

Cash

Prepaid expenses

Total current assets

Cash and investments held in Trust Account

Total Assets

Liabilities, Class A common stock subject to possible redemption and Stockholders Deficit

Current Liabilities

Accounts payable

Income tax payable

Advances from Sponsor

Due to related party

Total current liabilities

Warrant liability

Deferred legal fee

Deferred underwriting fee

Total Liabilities

Commitments and Contingencies

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption, par value, and shares subject to possible redemption at redemption value of per share at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively

Stockholders Deficit

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021

Class A common stock, par value, shares authorized; and non-redeemable
 shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021

Class B common stock, par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021

Additional paid-in
 capital

Accumulated deficit

() 

() 

Total Stockholders Deficit

() 

() 

Total Liabilities, Class A common stock subject to possible redemption and Stockholders Deficit

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F-6 6

Table of Contents 

ALTITUDE ACQUISITION CORP. 

STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the Year

 ended December 31,

For the Year

 ended December 31,

2022

2021

Operating costs

Loss from operations

Other income

Interest income

Interest income earned on Trust

Gain on settlement of payable

Change in fair value of warrants

Total other income

Income before provision for income taxes

Provision for income taxes

() 

Net income

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Class A common stock

Basic and diluted net income per share, Class A common stock

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Class B common stock

Basic and diluted net income per share, Class B common stock

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 

F- 6 7

Table of Contents 

ALTITUDE ACQUISITION CORP. 

STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Class A Common Stock

Class B Common Stock

Additional Paid-in

Accumulated

Total Stockholders 

Shares

Amount

Shares

Amount

Capital

Deficit

Deficit

Balance as of December 31, 2020

Net income

Balance as of December 31, 2021

Accretion of Class A common stock to redemption value

() 

() 
 
 Contribution from CEO Non-Redemption Agreements

Net inco m
e

Balance as of December 31, 2022

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 

F- 68

Table of Contents 

ALTITUDE ACQUISITION CORP. 

STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Year

 ended December 31, 2022

For the Year

 ended December 31, 2021

Cash Flows from Operating Activities:

Net income

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities:

Interest income earned on Trust

() 

() 
 
 Gain on settlement of payable

() 
 
 Unrealized loss/(gain) on change in fair value of warrants

() 

() 
 
 Change in current assets and current liabilities:

Prepaid expenses

Due to related party

Deferred legal fee s

Income tax payable

Advances from Sponsor

Accounts payable and accrued expenses

Net cash used in operating activities

Cash Flows from Financing Activities:

Cash withdrawn from Trust Account to pay franchise and income 
taxes

Cash withdrawn from Trust Account in connection with redemption

Net cash provided by investing activities

Cash Flows from Financing Activities:

Contribution from CEO - Non Redemption Agreements

Redemptions of common stock

() 

Net cash used in financing activities

Net Change in Cash

Cash Beginning

Cash Ending

Supplemental disclosure 

Cash paid for income taxes

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 

F- 69

Table of Contents 

NOTE 1. DESCRIPTION OF ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS OPERATIONS 

Altitude Acquisition Corp. (the Company is a newly organized blank check company incorporated in on . The Company was formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses Business Combination ). 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had not commenced any operations. All activity for the period from August 12, 2020 (inception) through December 31, 2022 relates to the Company s formation and the initial public offering IPO described below, and, since the closing of the IPO, a search for a Business Combination candidate. The Company will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of its initial Business Combination, at the earliest. 
 The Company generates non-operating
 income in the form of interest income on investments held in Trust from the proceeds derived from the IPO and recognizes changes in the fair value of warrant liability as other income (expense). 
 Financing 

 The Company s sponsor is Altitude Acquisition Holdco LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Sponsor ). 
 The registration statement for the Company s IPO (as described below) was declared effective by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC on December 8, 2020 (the Effective Date ). On December 11, 2020, the Company consummated the IPO of units (the Units and, with respect to the shares of Class A common stock included in the Units sold, the Public Shares ), including the issuance of Units as a result of the partial exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option, at per Unit generating gross proceeds of , which is described in Note 3. 
 Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, the Company consummated the sale of an aggregate of warrants (the Private Placement Warrants at a price of per warrant in a private placement to the Company s Sponsor, generating gross proceeds to the Company of , which is described in Note 4. 
 Trust Account 

 Following the closing of the IPO on December 11, 2020, an amount of per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the IPO and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants was placed in a trust account established for the benefit of the Company s public stockholders (the Trust Account which was invested in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act, with a maturity of days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7
 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations, until the earlier of: (a) the completion of the Company s initial Business Combination, (b) the redemption of any Public Shares properly submitted in connection with a stockholder vote to amend the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation, and (c) the redemption of the Company s Public Shares if the Company is unable to complete the initial Business Combination within a specified time period (the Combination Period following the closing of the IPO. 
 On June 10, 2022, the Company s stockholders approved an amendment to the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to extend the Combination Period from June 11, 2022 to October 11, 2022. 

In 

connection with the amendment to the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, stockholders holding an aggregate of shares of the Company s Class A common stock exercised their right to redeem their shares for approximately per share of the funds held in the Company s trust account totaling . 
 On 

June 16, 2022, pursuant to the trust agreement dated as of December 8, 2020 between the Company and CST, the trustee of the Trust Account, the Company issued a request to CST to withdraw of interest income from the Trust Account for the payment of the Company s taxes.
 On October 6, 2022, the Company s stockholders approved an amendment to the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to extend the Combination Period from October 11, 2022 to April 11, 2023. In connection with the amendment to the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, stockholders holding an aggregate of shares of the Company s Class A common stock exercised their right to redeem their shares for approximately per share of the funds held in the Company s trust account totaling . 
 Initial Business Combination 

The Company provided its public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of the initial Business Combination either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve the initial Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company will seek stockholder approval of a proposed initial Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company, solely in its discretion. The stockholders will be entitled to redeem their shares for a pro rata portion of the amount then on deposit in the Trust Account (initially approximately per share, plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its tax obligations). 
 The shares of Class A common stock subject to redemption are recorded at a redemption value and classified as temporary equity, in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. The Company will proceed with an initial Business Combination only if the Company has net tangible assets of at least upon such consummation of an initial Business Combination and, if the Company seeks stockholder approval, such initial Business Combination is approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the shares of the Common Stock that are voted at a stockholder meeting held to consider such initial Business Combination. The Company has until April 11, 2023 to consummate a Business Combination. However, if the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Company will redeem of the outstanding public shares for a pro rata portion of the funds held in the Trust Account, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its franchise and income taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to applicable law, and then seek to dissolve and liquidate. 
 The Sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to (i) waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and Public Shares in connection with the completion of the initial Business Combination, (ii) waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and public shares in connection with a stockholder vote to approve an amendment to the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation, and (iii) waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to their founder shares if the Company fails to complete the initial Business Combination within the Combination Period. 

Liquidity and Going Concern 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company had cash outside the Trust Account of available for working capital needs, and a negative working capital of approximately million. 

for the founder shares, the loan under an unsecured promissory note from the Sponsor of , and advances from the Sponsor of . Subsequent to the consummation of the IPO and Private Placement, the Company s liquidity needs have been satisfied through the proceeds from the consummation of the Private Placement not held in the Trust Account.

and related to advances, respectively. 
 The Company has incurred and expects to continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of its acquisition plans. The Company will need to raise additional capital through loans or additional investments from its Sponsor, stockholders, officers, directors, or third parties. The Company s officers, directors and Sponsor may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds, from time to time or at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion, to meet the Company s working capital needs. Accordingly, the Company may not be able to obtain additional financing. 
 In addition, the Company has until April 11, 2023 to consummate a Business Combination. If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination prior to April 11, 2023, the Company will redeem of the outstanding public shares for a pro rata portion of the funds held in the Trust Account, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its franchise and income taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to applicable law and as further described in registration statement, and then seek to dissolve and liquidate. 
 As a result of the above, in connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with FASB s Accounting Standards Update ASU )2014-15,
 Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, management determined that these conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern through April 11, 2023, the scheduled liquidation date of the Company. These financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recovery of the recorded assets or the classification of the liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 
 The Company s Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which 
 the 

Company 

 has entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or similar agreement or Business Combination agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below the lesser of (i) per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, if less than 

per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business 
 who 

executed 

 a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the Trust Account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriters of the IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. However, the Company has not asked its Sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor has the Company independently verified whether its Sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that the Company s Sponsor s only assets are securities of the Company. Therefore, the Company cannot assure that its Sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations.

or more future confirming events. The warrants liabilities are the Company s most significant estimate. Accordingly, the actual results could differ significantly from those estimates. 

t have any cash equivalents.

in cash held in the trust account. 

As of December 31, 2021, the assets held in the Trust Account were substantially held in mutual funds comprised of U.S. Treasury Bills. 

On December 5, 2022, in order to mitigate the risk of being deemed an unregistered investment company, we instructed CST to liquidate the securities held in the trust account and instead hold all funds in the trust account in an interest-bearing bank deposit account. As a result, following such change, we will likely receive minimal, if any, interest, on the funds held in the trust account. 

and shares of Class A common stock subject to possible redemption were presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders deficit section of the Company s balance sheets, respectively. 

and tax credit carry forwards. ASC 740 additionally requires a valuation allowance to be established when it is more likely than not that all or a portion of deferred tax assets will not be realized. 

ASC 740 also clarifies the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an enterprise s financial statements and prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement process for financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more-likely-than-not
 to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. ASC 740 also provides guidance on derecognition, classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim period, disclosure and transition. 
 The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. There were unrecognized tax benefits and amounts accrued for interest and penalties as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position.
 The Company has identified the United States as its only major tax jurisdiction. 

The 

 Company may be subject to potential examination by federal and state taxing authorities in the areas of income taxes. These potential examinations may include questioning the timing and amount of deductions, the nexus of income among various tax jurisdictions and compliance with federal and state tax laws. The Company s management does not expect that the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits will materially change over the next twelve months.
 of the Company s Class A common stock in the calculation of diluted income per share, since their exercise is contingent upon future events. As a result, diluted net income per common stock is the same as basic net income per common stock. 

Denominator:

Weighted-average shares outstanding

Basic and diluted net income per share

. Any loss incurred or a lack of access to such funds could have 

 a 

significant 

 adverse impact on the Company s financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist of a cash account in a financial institution, which, at times, may exceed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation coverage limit of . As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has not experienced losses on this account and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such account. 

Units, including Units issued pursuant to the underwriters partial exercise of their over-allotment option, at a purchase price of per Unit. Each Unit consists of share of Class A common stock, and one-half
 of one warrant (the Public Warrants to purchase one share of Class A common stock. Each whole warrant will entitle the holder to purchase one share of Class A common stock at a price of per share, subject to adjustment. Each warrant will become exercisable on the later of days after the completion of the initial Business Combination or months from the closing of the IPO and will expire after the completion of the initial Business Combination, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

The 

 Company paid an underwriting fee at the closing of the IPO of . As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, an additional fee of (see Note 6) was deferred and will become payable upon the Company s completion of an initial Business Combination. The deferred portion of the fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event the Company completes its initial Business Combination. 

All 

of the Class A common stock sold as part of the Units in the IPO contain a redemption feature which allows for the redemption of such public shares in connection with the Company s liquidation, if there is a stockholder vote or tender offer in connection with the Business Combination and in connection with certain amendments to the Company s certificate of incorporation. In accordance with SEC and its staff s guidance on redeemable equity instruments, which has been codified in ASC480-10-S99, redemption provisions not solely within the control of the Company require common stock subject to redemption to be classified outside of permanent equity. In connection with the amendment to the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and the extension of the Combination period, on June 14, 2022 and October 12, 2022, stockholders holding an aggregate o

f and , 

 respectively, shares of the Company s Class A common stock exercised their right to redeem their shares for approximatel

y and , respectively, per share of the funds held in the Company s trust account, total amount 

 . 
 The Class A common stock is recorded in accordance with in ASC480-10-S99.

 If it is probable that the equity instrument will become redeemable, the Company has the option to either accrete changes in the redemption value over the period from the date of issuance (or from the date that it becomes probable that the instrument will become redeemable, if later) to the earliest redemption date of the instrument or to recognize changes in the redemption value immediately as they occur and adjust the carrying amount of the instrument to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. The Company recognizes changes in redemption value 

immediately as they occur. Immediately upon the closing of the IPO, the Company recognized the accretion from initial book value to redemption amount value. The change in the carrying value of redeemable Class A common stock resulted in charges against additional paid-in
 capital and accumulated deficit.

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption, December 31, 2021

Less:

Payment from Trust Account in connection with redemption of shares

() 
 
 Plus:

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption, December 31, 2022

per share of Class A common stock (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the Company s board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to the Company s Sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares held by the Company s Sponsor or its affiliates, prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of the initial Business Combination on the date of the consummation of the initial Business Combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of the Company s common stock during the

trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which the Company consummates the initial Business Combination (such price, the Market Value is below 9.20 per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 

of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 

per share redemption trigger price described below under Redemption of warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 

of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price.

The warrants will become exercisable on the later of twelve months from the closing of the IPO or thirty days after the completion of the Company s initial Business Combination and will expire five years after the completion of the Company s initial Business Combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

The 

Company will not be obligated to deliver any shares of Class A common stock pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation to settle such warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the shares of Class A common stock underlying the warrants is then effective and a prospectus is current. No warrant will be exercisable, and the Company will not be obligated to issue shares of Class A common stock upon exercise of a warrant unless Class A common stock issuable upon such warrant exercise has been registered, qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the registered holder of the warrants. In no event will the Company be required to net cash settle any warrant. In the event that a registration statement is not effective for the exercised warrants, the purchaser of a unit containing such warrant will have paid the full purchase price for the unit solely for the share of Class A common stock underlying such unit. 
 Once the warrants become exercisable, the Company may call the Public Warrants for redemption: 

in whole and not in part; 

at a price of per warrant; 

upon not less than days prior written notice of redemption (the 30-day
 redemption period to each warrant holder; and 

if, and only if, the reported last sale price of the Class A common stock equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days within a -trading
 day period ending three business days before the Company send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 
 If the Company calls the Public Warrants for redemption as described above, the management will have the option to require any holder that wishes to exercise its warrant to do so on a cashless basis. If the management takes advantage of this option, all holders of warrants would pay the exercise price by surrendering their warrants for that number of shares of Class A common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of Class A common stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the excess of the fair market value (defined below) over the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value shall mean the average reported last sale price of the Class A common stock for the ten trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. 

Private Placement Warrants at a purchase price of per Private Placement Warrant, generating gross proceeds to the Company of . The proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants were added to the proceeds from the IPO held in the Trust Account. 

The Private Placement Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants except that the Private Placement Warrants, so long as they are held by the Sponsor or its permitted transferees, (i) will not be redeemable by the Company, (ii) may not (including the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of such Private Placement Warrants), subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holders until days after the completion of the Company s initial Business Combination, and (iii) may be exercised by the holders on a cashless basis and (iv) will be entitled to registration rights. No underwriting fees were paid with respect to such sale. The issuance of the Private Placement Warrants was made pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

F-79

Table of Contents 
 Altitude Acquisition Corp. 

Note to Financial Statements 

December 31, 2022 

shares of Class B common stock to the Sponsor for in cash, or approximately per share (the Founder Shares ). On November 30, 2020 the Sponsor surrendered an aggregate of Founder Shares, which were cancelled. On December 8, 2020, as part of an upsizing of the IPO, the Company effected a stock split in which each issued share of Class B common stock that was outstanding was converted into one and forty-four one-thousandths
 shares of Class B common stock, resulting in an aggregate of shares of Class B common stock issued and outstanding. All shares and associated amounts have been retroactively restated to reflect the share surrender and stock split. The Founder Shares included an aggregate of up to shares subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option was not exercised by the underwriters in full. On December 11, 2020, the underwriters partially exercised their over-allotment option, hence, Founder Shares were no longer subject to forfeiture and Founder Shares were forfeited for no consideration. 
 The Sponsor has agreed not to transfer, assign or sell its Founder Shares until the earlier to occur of (A) after the completion of the Company s initial Business Combination or (B) subsequent to the Company s initial Business Combination, (x) if the last sale price of the Company s Class A common stock equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days within any -trading
 day period commencing at least days after the Company s initial Business Combination, or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of its stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. 
 Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, the Sponsor purchased an aggregate of Private Placement Warrants for an aggregate purchase price of , or per Private Placement Warrant (see Note 4). 
 Administrative Support Agreement 

The Company has agreed, commencing on the date of the securities of the Company are first listed on The Nasdaq Capital Market (the Listing Date ), to pay an affiliate of the Company s Sponsor a monthly fee of an aggregate of for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support. Upon completion of the Company s initial Business Combination or its liquidation, the Company will cease paying these monthly fees. The Company incurred and of administrative service fee for year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, due to related party includes amounts of and , respectively, incurred under this arrangement. 

and , which consisted of and for the administrative service fees incurred (see above), net of and receivable from related party, respectively. 

 Advances from Sponsor 

At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company owed the Sponsor or its affiliates 802,644 and 100,000 related to advances, respectively. 

Promissory Note Related Party 

On June 2, 2021, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note to the Sponsor for an aggregate available principal amount of 

to be used for a portion of the expenses of the Business Combination. This loan is 
 non-interest

 bearing, unsecured and due at the earlier of December 31, 2021 or the closing of the Business Combination. The Company had borrowings under the promissory note as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and is no longer available to the company.

Non-Redemption
 Agreements 

Prior to the June Special Meeting, on June 9, 2022, we entered the June Non-Redemption
 Agreements with the June Non-Redeeming 
 Stockholders holding an aggregate of 
 shares of Class A common stock. Pursuant to the June Non-Redemption
 Agreements, the June Non-Redeeming
 Stockholders agreed to (a) not redeem any shares of Class A common stock held by them on the date of the Non-Redemption
 Agreements in connection with the June Extension Amendment Proposal, (b) vote all of their Shares in favor of the June Extension Amendment Proposal and any initial business combination presented by the Company for approval by its stockholders, and (c) not Transfer (as such term is defined in the June Non-Redemption
 Agreements) any of their shares until the earlier of and consummation of the Termination Date. 
 In connection with the June Non-Redemption
 Agreements, Gary Teplis, the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, agreed to pay to each June Non-Redeeming
 Stockholder per share in cash per month through the Termination Date as a result 

 Gary Teplis contributed 

 a total of as part of the executed June Non-Redemption Agreements. 

Prior to the October Special Meeting, on October 5, 2022, we entered into the October Non-Redemption
 Agreement with the October Non-Redeeming
 Stockholder holding an aggregate of shares of Class A common stock, par value , of the Company. Pursuant to the October Non-Redemption
 Agreement, the October Non-Redeeming
 Stockholder agreed to (a) not redeem the shares in connection with the October Extension Amendment Proposal and (b) vote all of its shares in favor of the October Extension Amendment Proposal. 
 
 In connection with the October Non-Redemption
 Agreement, Gary Teplis, the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, agreed to pay to the October Non-Redeeming
 Stockholder per Share per month through 
April 11, 2023, in a single cash payment within days from the date of the October 
 Non-Redemption
 Agreement as a result 
 Gary Teplis contributed 

 a total 
 as part of the executed October Non-Redemption Agreements.

 Related Party Loans

In order to finance transaction costs in connection with an initial Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor or certain of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan 

 the 

 Company 

 funds as may be required Working Capital Loans ). If the Company completes an initial Business Combination, the Company will repay the Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to the Company. Otherwise, the Working Capital Loans would be repaid only out of funds held outside the Trust Account. In the event that an initial Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds from the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. Up to 

 of 
 such 

Working 

 Capital Loans may be convertible into warrants at a price of per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants, including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, no Working Capital Loans were outstanding. 

 excise tax on certain repurchases of stock by publicly traded domestic (i.e., U.S.) corporations and certain domestic subsidiaries of publicly traded foreign (i.e. non-U.S.)
 corporations occurring on or after January 1, 2023. The excise tax is imposed on the repurchasing corporation itself, not its stockholders from which shares are repurchased. The amount of the excise tax is generally 
 
 of the fair market value of the shares repurchased at the time of the repurchase. However, for purposes of calculating the excise tax, repurchasing corporations are permitted to net the fair market value of certain new stock issuances against the fair market value of stock repurchases during the same taxable year. In addition, certain exceptions apply to the excise tax. The U.S. Department of the Treasury (the Treasury has been given authority to provide regulations and other guidance to carry out and prevent the abuse or avoidance of the excise tax. 

Any repurchase by the Company of the Company s stock that occurs after December 31, 2022, in connection with a Business Combination, extension vote or otherwise, generally is expected to be subject to the excise tax. Whether and to what extent the Company would be subject to the excise tax on a redemption of Class A common stock or other stock of the Company in connection with a Business Combination, extension vote or otherwise would depend on a number of factors, including (i) whether the redemption is treated as a repurchase of stock for purposes of the excise tax, (ii) the fair market value of the redemption treated as a repurchase of stock in connection with the Business Combination, extension or otherwise, (ii) the structure of a Business Combination, (iii) the nature and amount of any PIPE or other equity issuances in connection with a Business Combination (or otherwise issued not in connection with a Business Combination but issued within the same taxable year of a redemption treated as a repurchase of stock) and (iv) the content of regulations and other guidance from the Treasury. As noted above, the excise tax would be payable by the Company and not by the redeeming holder. The imposition of the excise tax could cause a reduction in the cash available on hand to complete a Business Combination or for effecting redemptions and may affect the Company s ability to complete a Business 

 Combination. 

Registration Rights 

The holders of the Founder Shares, Private Placement Warrants, and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans have registration rights to require the Company to register a sale of any of its securities held by them pursuant to a registration rights agreement signed prior to or on the Effective Date. 

These holders are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form registration demands, that the Company registers such securities for sale under the Securities Act. In addition, these holders are entitled to piggy-back registration rights. 

Underwriting Agreement 

The underwriters had a -day
 option from December 11, 2020 to purchase up to an additional Units to cover over-allotments, if any. On December 11, 2020, the underwriters partially exercised their over-allotment option and purchased an additional Units. The unexercised portion of the over-allotment option was forfeited.
 On December 11, 2020, the underwriters were paid a cash underwriting fee of , or of the gross proceeds of the IPO. Additionally, the underwriters will be entitled to a deferred underwriting fee of , or of the gross proceeds of the IPO held in the Trust Account upon the completion of the Company s initial Business Combination subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

Letter of Intent 

On December 9, 2022, we entered into a non-binding letter of intent LOI for a business combination with the Target. The Target, a leader in its medical device field with a product that is commercially available and approved for use in over 30 countries, seeks additional expansion in the U.S. and globally. 

Under the terms of the LOI, Altitude and the Target would be become a combined entity, with the Target s existing equity holders rolling of their equity into the combined public company. The proposed transaction values the Target at an enterprise value of million and calls for the combined company to have at least million in net cash at the time of closing. Altitude expects to announce additional details regarding the proposed business combination when a definitive merger agreement is executed, which is expected in the first quarter of 2023. 

Completion of a business combination with the Target is subject to, among other matters, the completion of due diligence, the negotiation of a definitive agreement providing for the transaction, satisfaction of the conditions negotiated therein and approval of the transaction by the board and stockholders of both Altitude and the Target. There can be no assurance that a definitive agreement will be entered into or that the proposed transaction will be consummated on the terms or timeframe currently contemplated, or at all. 

shares of preferred stock at par value of each. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding. 
 Class

A Common Stock

The
 Company is authorized to issue a total of shares of Class A common stock at par value of each. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were and shares of Class A common stock subject to redemption, which are included in temporary equity, 

 respectively. 

Class

B Common Stock

The
 
 Company is authorized to issue a total of 
 shares of Class B common stock at par value of 
 each. After giving retroactive effect to the forfeiture of shares and subsequent split described in Note 5, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were 
 shares of Class B common stock issued and 
 outstanding. 

The 

 Company s initial stockholders have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell their Founder Shares until the earlier to occur of (A) after the completion of the Company s initial Business Combination or (B) subsequent to the Company s initial Business Combination, (x) if the last sale price of the Company s Class A common stock equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days within any -trading
 day period commencing at least days after the Company s initial Business Combination, or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of its stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. Any permitted transferees will be subject to the same restrictions and other agreements of the Company s initial stockholders with respect to any Founder Shares. 
 The shares of Class B common stock will automatically convert into shares of the Company s Class A common stock at the time of its initial Business Combination on a one-for-one

 basis, subject to adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like, and subject to further adjustment as provided herein. In the case that additional shares of Class A common stock, or equity-linked securities, are issued or deemed issued in excess of the amounts offered in the IPO and related to the closing of the initial Business Combination, the ratio at which shares of Class B common stock shall convert into shares of Class A common stock will be adjusted (unless the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Class B common stock agree to waive such adjustment with respect to any such issuance or deemed issuance) so that the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of all shares of Class B common stock will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted
 basis, of the sum of the total number of all shares of common stock outstanding upon the completion of the IPO plus all shares of Class A common stock and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with the initial Business Combination (excluding any shares or equity-linked securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial Business Combination or any private placement-equivalent units issued to the Sponsor or its affiliates upon conversion of loans made to the Company). 
 Holders of the Class A common stock and holders of the Class B common stock will vote together as a single 
class on all matters submitted to a vote of the Company s stockholders, with each share of common stock entitling the holder to one vote.

Federal net operating loss

Total deferred tax assets

Valuation allowance

() 

() 
 
 Deferred tax assets, net of allowance

Deferred

() 

() 
 
 State

Current

Deferred

Change in valuation allowance

Income tax provision

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has and of U.S. federal net operating loss carryovers, which do t expire, and no state net operating loss carryovers available to offset future taxable income. 

In assessing the realization of the deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion of all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which temporary differences representing net future deductible amounts become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax assets, projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. After consideration of all of the information available, management believes that significant uncertainty exists with respect to future realization of the deferred tax assets and has therefore established a full valuation allowance. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the change in the valuation allowance was 

 . For the year ended December 31, 2021, the change in the valuation allowance was . 

State taxes, net of federal tax benefit

Permanent Book/Tax Differences

() 

() 
 
 Change in valuation allowance

Other

() 

Income tax provision

The Company files income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction in various state and local jurisdictions and is subject to examination by the various taxing authorities. 

 The provision for income taxes for the year ended December 31, 2022 was . The provision for income taxes was deemed to be immaterial for the year ended December 31, 2021.

F-8 5

Table of Contents 

Altitude Acquisition Corp. 

Note to Financial Statements 

December 31, 2022 

Warrant Liability Private Placement Warrants

The following table presents information about the Company s assets and liabilities that were measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of December 31, 2021 and indicates the fair value hierarchy of the valuation techniques the Company utilized to determine such fair value. 

December 31, 2021

Quoted Prices In Active Markets (Level 1)

Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2)

Significant Other Unobservable Inputs (Level 3)

Assets:

Money Market Funds held in Trust Account

Liabilities:

Warrant Liability Public Warrants

Warrant Liability Private Placement Warrants

The measurement of the Public Warrants at December 31, 2022 and 2021 is classified as Level 1 due to the use of an observable market quote in an active market. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the aggregate value of Public Warrants was and , respectively. 

 The estimated fair value of the Private Placement Warrants on December 31, 2022 and 2021 is determined using Level 3 inputs. Inherent in a Monte Carlo simulation model are assumptions related to expected stock-price volatility (pre-merger
 and post-merger), expected term, dividend yield and risk-free interest rate. The Company estimates the volatility of its common stock based on management s understanding of the volatility associated with instruments of other similar entities. The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury Constant Maturity similar to the expected remaining life of the warrants. The expected life of the warrants is simulated based on management assumptions regarding the timing and likelihood of completing a business combination. The dividend rate is based on the historical rate, which the Company anticipates to remain at zero. The assumptions used in calculating the estimated fair values represent the Company s best estimate. However, inherent uncertainties are involved. If factors or assumptions change, the estimated fair values could be materially different. 

Expected volatility

Risk-free interest rate

Exercise price

Fair value of the common stock price

The 

 key inputs into the Monte Carlo simulation model for the Private Placement Warrants were as follows at December 31, 2021: 

Input

Expected term (years)

Expected volatility

Risk-free interest rate

Exercise price

Fair value of the common stock price

The primary significant unobservable input used in the fair value measurement of the Company s Private Placement Warrants is the expected volatility of the common stock. Significant increases (decreases) in the expected volatility in isolation would result in a significantly higher (lower) fair value measurement. 

Change in fair value

() 

Fair value as of December 31, 2022

The following table sets forth a summary of the changes in the fair value of the Level 3 warrant liability for the year ended December 31, 2021: 

Warrant Liability

Fair value as of December 31, 2020

Transfer out of public warrants from Level 3 to Level 1

() 
 
 Change in fair value

() 

Fair value as of December 31, 2021

calendar days of receipt of the notice, which was accepted by Nasdaq who granted the Company until April 11th to hold the annual meeting. 

F-8 7

Table of Contents 

(2) Financial Statement Schedules: None. (3) Exhibits We hereby file as part of this Report the exhibits listed in the attached Exhibit Index. Exhibits which are incorporated herein by reference can be inspected and copied at the public reference facilities maintained by the SEC, 100 F Street, N.E., Room 1580, Washington, D.C. 20549. Copies of such material can also be obtained from the Public Reference Section of the SEC, 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549, at prescribed rates or on the SEC website at www.sec.gov. 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description 

3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39772), filed with the SEC on December 11, 2020). 

3.2 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on the From 8-K (File No. 001-39772), filed with the SEC on June 14, 2022) 

3.3 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on the From 8-K (File No. 001-39772), filed with the SEC on October 12, 2022) 

3.4 
 
 Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-249071), filed with the SEC on September 25, 2020). 

4.1 
 
 Specimen Unit Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-249071), filed with the SEC on November 30, 2020). 

4.2 
 
 Specimen Class A Common Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-249071), filed with the SEC on October 8, 2020). 

4.3 
 
 Specimen Warrant Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-249071), filed with the SEC on October 8, 2020). 

4.4 
 
 Warrant Agreement by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, dated as of December 8, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39772), filed with the SEC on December 11, 2020). 

4.5 
 
 Description of Securities 

10.1 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated as of December 8, 2020, by and among the Company, its executive officers, its directors and Cantor Fitzgerald Co. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39772), filed with the SEC on December 11, 2020). 

10.2 
 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated as of December 8, 2020, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39772), filed with the SEC on December 11, 2020). 
 88 

Table of Contents 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description 

10.3 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated December 8, 2020, by and among the Company, Altitude Acquisition Holdco LLC and the holders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39772), filed with the SEC on December 11, 2020). 

10.4 
 
 Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 8, 2020, by and between the Company and Altitude Acquisition Holdco LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39772), filed with the SEC on December 11, 2020). 

10.5 
 
 Administrative Services Agreement, dated as of December 8, 2020, by and between the Company and Altitude Acquisition Holdco LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39772), filed with the SEC on December 11, 2020). 

10.6 
 
 Form of Indemnity Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-249071), filed with the SEC on October 8, 2020). 

10.7 
 
 Promissory Note, dated August 12, 2020, issued to Altitude Acquisition Holdco LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-249071), filed with the SEC on September 25, 2020). 

10.8 
 
 Securities Subscription Agreement, dated as on August 12, 2020, by and between the Company and Altitude Acquisition Holdco LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-249071), filed with the SEC on September 25, 2020). 

10.9 
 
 Form of Non-Redemption Agreement, (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39772), filed with the SEC on June 9 ,2022) 

10.10 
 
 Form of Non-Redemption Agreement, (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39772), filed with the SEC on October 5 ,2022) 

14 
 
 Code of Ethics (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-249071) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 8, 2020). 

24 
 
 Power of Attorney (included on signature page of this report). 

31.1 
 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
 
 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 
 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 
 
 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 89 

Table of Contents 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Filed herewith. 

Furnished herewith. Item 16. Form 10-K Summary None. 
 90 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Date: March 23, 2023 

ALTITUDE ACQUISITION CORP. 

By: 
 
 /s/ Gary Teplis 

Name: Gary Teplis 

Title: President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 

/s/ Gary Teplis Gary Teplis 
 
 President, Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 March 23, 2023 

/s/ Farris Griggs Farris Griggs 
 
 Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 
 March 23, 2023 

/s/ Warren Hosseinion Warren Hosseinion 
 
 Director 
 
 March 23, 2023 

/s/ Hilton Sturisky Hilton Sturisky 
 
 Director 
 
 March 23, 2023 

/s/ Michel Taride Michel Taride 
 
 Director 
 
 March 23, 2023 
 
 91 

<EX-4.5>
 2
 d424595dex45.htm
 EX-4.5

EX-4.5 

Exhibit 4.5 
 ALTITUDE ACQUISITION CORP. 
 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES The following
summary of the material terms of the securities of Altitude Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation we, us, our or the company ), is not intended to be a complete summary of the rights and
preferences of such securities and is subject to and qualified by reference to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, as may be amended, our bylaws and the warrant agreement, dated December 8, 2020, between the company and
Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company (the Warrant Agreement ), in each case incorporated by reference as exhibits to the company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2022 (the Report ), and applicable Delaware law, including the Delaware General Corporation Law, or DGCL. We urge you to read our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, as amended, our bylaws and the Warrant
Agreement in their entirety for a complete description of the rights and preferences of our securities. Certain Terms 

common stock are to holders of our Class A common stock and our Class B common stock;

directors are to our current directors and director nominees 

founder shares are to shares of our Class B common stock initially purchased by our sponsor in a
private placement prior to our initial public offering and the shares of our Class A common stock that will be issued upon the automatic conversion of the shares of Class B common stock at the time of our initial business combination as
described herein; 

initial stockholders are to holders of our founder shares prior to our initial public offering;

management or our management team are to our executive officers and directors;

private placement warrants are to the warrants issued to our sponsor in a private placement
simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering; 

public shares are to shares of our Class A common stock sold as part of the units in our initial
public offering (whether they were purchased in such offering or thereafter in the open market); 

public stockholders are to the holders of our public shares, including our initial stockholders and
members of our management team to the extent our initial stockholders and/or members of our management team purchase public shares, provided, that each initial stockholder s and member of our management team s status as a public
stockholder shall only exist with respect to such public shares; 

sponsor are to Altitude Acquisition Holdco LLC, a Delaware limited liability company ;
 General We are a Delaware
corporation formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization, recapitalization or similar business combination with one or more businesses, which we refer to in this document as
our initial business combination, and our affairs are governed by our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, our bylaws and Delaware law, including the DGCL. Pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, our
authorized capital stock consists of 300,000,000 shares of common stock, 0.0001 par value each, including up to 280,000,000 shares of Class A common stock, 0.0001 par value each, 20,000,000 shares of Class B common stock, par value
 0.0001 each, and 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock, 0.0001 par value each. The following description summarizes certain terms of our capital stock and warrants. Because it is only a summary, it may not contain all the information that is
important to you. Units Each unit consists of one
whole share of Class A common stock and one-half of one redeemable warrant. Each whole warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one share of our Class A common stock at a price of 11.50 per
share, subject to certain adjustments. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of the shares of the company s Class A common stock. This means only a whole warrant may be
exercised at any given time by a warrant holder. For example, if a warrant holder holds one-half of one warrant to purchase a share of Class A common stock, such warrant will not be exercisable. If a
warrant holder holds two-halves of one warrant, such whole warrant will be exercisable for one share of Class A common stock at a 

price of 11.50 per share. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade. The common stock and warrants comprising the units began to trade
separately on January 29, 2021. Holders have the option to continue to hold units or separate their units into the component securities. Common
Stock As of March 23, 2023, there were 9,172,102 shares of common stock outstanding, consisting of 1,672,102 public shares and 7,500,000 founder
shares held by the initial stockholders. Stockholders of record are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by
stockholders. Holders of Class A common stock and holders of Class B common stock will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders except as required by law. Unless specified in our amended and
restated certificate of incorporation, or as required by applicable provisions of the DGCL or applicable stock exchange rules, the affirmative vote of a majority of our shares of common stock that are voted is required to approve any such matter
voted on by our stockholders. Our board of directors is divided into three classes, each of which will generally serve for a term of three years with only one class of directors being elected in each year. There is no cumulative voting with respect
to the election of directors, with the result that the holders of more than 50 of the shares voted for the election of directors can elect all of the directors. Our stockholders are entitled to receive ratable dividends when, as and if declared by
the board of directors out of funds legally available therefor. Because our amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes the issuance of
up to 280,000,000 shares of Class A common stock, if we were to enter into a business combination, we may (depending on the terms of such a business combination) be required to increase the number of shares of Class A common stock which we
are authorized to issue at the same time as our stockholders vote on the business combination to the extent we seek stockholder approval in connection with our initial business combination. Our board of directors is divided into three classes with
only one class of directors being elected in each year and each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual meeting of stockholders) serving a three-year term. 
 In accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until no later than one year after our first fiscal
year end following our listing on Nasdaq. Under Section 211(b) of the DGCL, we are, however, required to hold an annual meeting of stockholders for the purposes of electing directors in accordance with our bylaws, unless such election is made
by written consent in lieu of such a meeting. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders to elect new directors prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, and thus we may not be in compliance with Section 211(b) of
the DGCL, which requires an annual meeting. Therefore, if our stockholders want us to hold an annual meeting prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, they may attempt to force us to hold one by submitting an application to the
Delaware Court of Chancery in accordance with Section 211(c) of the DGCL. We will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all
or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account calculated
as of two business days prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account (which interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then outstanding public
shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in the trust account is 10.00 per public share. The per share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting
commissions we will pay to the representative of the underwriters. Our initial stockholders, sponsor, officers, and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with
respect to any founder shares and public shares held by them in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. Unlike many special purpose acquisition companies that hold stockholder votes and conduct proxy solicitations in
conjunction with their initial business combinations and provide for related redemptions of public shares for cash upon completion of such initial business combinations even when a vote is not required by law, if a stockholder vote is not required
by law and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC, and file
tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our 

initial business combination. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation requires these tender offer documents to contain substantially the same financial and other information about
our initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under the SEC s proxy rules. If, however, a stockholder approval of the transaction is required by law, or we decide to obtain stockholder approval for business or other
legal reasons, we will, like many special purpose acquisition companies, offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If we seek stockholder approval, we will
complete the initial business combination only if a majority of the shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the initial business combination. However, the participation of our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates in
privately-negotiated transactions (as described in this Report), if any, could result in the approval of our initial business combination even if a majority of our public stockholders vote, or indicate their intention to vote, against such business
combination. For purposes of seeking approval of the majority of our outstanding shares of common stock, non-votes will have no effect on the approval of our initial business combination once a quorum is
obtained. If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business
combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in
concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 20 of the shares sold in the initial public offering, which we refer to
as the Excess Shares, without our prior consent. However, we would not be restricting our stockholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Our
stockholders inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce their influence over our ability to complete the initial business combination, and such stockholders could suffer a material loss in their investment if they sell such Excess
Shares on the open market. Additionally, such stockholders will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete the initial business combination. And, as a result, such stockholders will continue to hold that
number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose such shares would be required to sell their shares in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. 
 If we seek stockholder approval in connection with our initial business combination, our initial stockholders, sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to
vote their founder shares and any public shares in favor of our initial business combination. Additionally, each public stockholder may elect to redeem its public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction
(subject to the limitation described in the preceding paragraph). Pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, if we are unable to
complete our initial business combination by April 11, 2023 (or such later date as may be approved by a vote of our stockholders) we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably
possible but no more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest
earned on the funds held in the trust account (which interest shall be net of taxes payable and up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely
extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our
remaining stockholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Our initial stockholders have
entered into agreements with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to their founder shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination by
April 11, 2023 or any extended period of time that we may have to consummate an initial business combination as a result of an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. 
 In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the company after a business combination, our stockholders are entitled to share ratably in all
assets remaining available for distribution to them after payment of liabilities and after provision is made for each class of shares, if any, having preference over the common stock. Our stockholders have no preemptive or other subscription rights.
There are no sinking fund provisions applicable to the common stock, except that we will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash at a per share price equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit
in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account (which interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, upon the completion of our initial business combination,
subject to the limitations described herein. 

Founder Shares 
 The founder shares are designated as Class B common stock and, except as described below, are identical to the shares of Class A common stock
included in the units that were sold in our initial public offering, and holders of founder shares have the same stockholder rights as public stockholders, except that (i) the founder shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as
described in more detail below, (ii) our initial stockholders, sponsor, officers, and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed (A) to waive their redemption rights with respect to any
founder shares and public shares they hold in connection with the completion of our initial business combination, (B) to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares they hold in connection with a
stockholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we have not consummated an initial business combination by
April 11, 2023 or with respect to any other material provisions relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, and (C) to waive their rights to liquidating
distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination by April 11, 2023 or any extended period of time that we may have to consummate an initial business
combination as a result of an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete
our initial business combination within such time period, and (iii) the founder shares are automatically convertible into Class A common stock concurrently with or immediately following the consummation of our initial business combination
on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment as described herein and in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. If we submit our initial business
combination to our public stockholders for a vote, our initial stockholders have agreed to vote their founder shares and any public shares in favor of our initial business combination. 
 The founder shares will automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock concurrently with or immediately following the consummation of our
initial business combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like, and
subject to further adjustment as provided herein. In the case that additional shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities are issued or deemed issued in connection with our initial business combination, the number of shares of
Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of all founder shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 20 of the total number of shares of Class A common stock outstanding after
such conversion (after giving effect to any redemptions of shares of Class A common stock by public stockholders), including the total number of shares of Class A common stock issued, or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or
exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial business combination, excluding any shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked
securities or rights exercisable for or convertible into shares of Class A common stock issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial business combination and any private placement warrants issued to our sponsor, officers or directors
upon conversion of working capital loans, provided that such conversion of founder shares will never occur on a less than one-for-one basis. 
 With certain limited exceptions, the founder shares are not transferable, assignable or salable (except to our officers and directors and other persons or
entities affiliated with our sponsor, each of whom will be subject to the same transfer restrictions) until the earlier of (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination or earlier if, subsequent to our initial business
combination, the last sale price of the Class A common stock equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, and (B) the date following the completion of our initial business combination on which we complete a liquidation,
merger, capital stock exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their Class A common stock for cash, securities or other property. 

Preferred Stock 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock and provides that shares of preferred stock may be issued
from time to time in one or more series. Our board of directors is authorized to fix the voting rights, if any, designations, powers, preferences, the relative, participating, optional or 
 other special rights and any qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, applicable to the shares of each series. Our board of directors may,
without stockholder approval, issue shares of preferred stock with voting and other rights that could adversely affect the voting power and other rights of the holders of the common stock and could have anti-takeover effects. The ability of our
board of directors to issue shares of preferred stock without stockholder approval could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change of control of us or the removal of existing management. We have no shares of preferred stock
outstanding at the date hereof. Although we do not currently intend to issue any shares of preferred stock, we cannot assure you that we will not do so in the future. 
 Warrants As of March 23, 2023 there were 23,000,000
warrants outstanding exercisable for 23,000,000 shares of common stock, consisting of 15,000,000 public stockholders warrants and 8,000,000 private placement warrants. 
 Public Stockholders Warrants Each whole warrant
entitles the registered holder to purchase one whole share of our Class A common stock at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as discussed below, at any time commencing on the later of 12 months from the closing of our initial
public offering and 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination, provided in each case that we have an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon
exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to them is available (or we permit holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis under the circumstances specified in the warrant agreement) and such shares are registered,
qualified or exempt from registration under the securities, or blue sky, laws of the state of residence of the holder. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of shares of Class A
common stock. This means only a whole warrant may be exercised at a given time by a warrant holder. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade. Accordingly, unless at least two units are
purchased, a warrant holder will not be able to receive or trade a whole warrant. The warrants will expire five years after the completion of our initial business combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption or
liquidation. We will not be obligated to deliver any Class A common stock pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation to
settle such warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the Class A common stock underlying the warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to our satisfying our
obligations described below with respect to registration. No warrant will be exercisable and we will not be obligated to issue a share of Class A common stock upon exercise of a warrant unless the share of Class A common stock issuable
upon such warrant exercise has been registered, qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the registered holder of the warrants. In the event that the conditions in the two immediately preceding
sentences are not satisfied with respect to a warrant, the holder of such warrant will not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any warrant.
In the event that a registration statement is not effective for the exercised warrants, the purchaser of a unit containing such warrant will have paid the full purchase price for the unit solely for the share of Class A common stock underlying
such unit. We have agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than fifteen (15) business days, after the closing of our initial
business combination, we will use our best efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement for the registration, under the Securities Act, of the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants. We will use our best efforts to
cause the same to become effective and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement, and a current prospectus relating thereto, until the expiration of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement. If a
registration statement covering the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the sixtieth (60th) business day after the closing of our 

initial business combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when we will have failed to maintain an effective
registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption. Notwithstanding the above, if our Class A common stock are at the time of any exercise
of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, 
 we may, at our option, require holders of public warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with
Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but we will be required to use our best efforts to register or qualify the shares under
applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. Once the warrants become exercisable, we may call the warrants for redemption for
cash: 

in whole and not in part; 

at a price of 0.01 per warrant; 

upon not less than 30 days prior written notice of redemption (the
 30-day redemption period to each warrant holder; and 

if, and only if, the reported last sale price of the common stock equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted
for stock splits, stock capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like and for certain issuances of Class A common stock and equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial
business combination as described elsewhere in this Report) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending three business days before we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders.
 If and when the warrants become redeemable by us for cash, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or
qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. We have established the last of the redemption criterion discussed
above to prevent a redemption call unless there is at the time of the call a significant premium to the warrant exercise price. If the foregoing conditions are satisfied and we issue a notice of redemption of the warrants, each warrant holder will
be entitled to exercise its warrant prior to the scheduled redemption date. However, the price of the Class A common stock may fall below the 18.00 redemption trigger price as well as the 11.50 (for whole shares) warrant exercise price after
the redemption notice is issued. Redemption procedures cashless exercise 
 If we call the warrants for redemption as described above, our management will have the option to require any holder that wishes to exercise its warrant to do
so on a cashless basis. In determining whether to require all holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis, our management will consider, among other factors, our cash position, the number of warrants that are
outstanding and the dilutive effect on our stockholders of issuing the maximum number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon the exercise of our warrants. If our management takes advantage of this option, all holders of warrants would
pay the exercise price by surrendering their warrants for that number of shares of Class A common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of Class A common stock underlying the warrants,
multiplied by the excess of the fair market value of our Class A common stock (defined below) over the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value shall mean the average
closing price of the Class A common stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. If our management takes advantage of this option, the
notice of redemption will contain the information necessary to calculate the number of shares of Class A common stock to be received upon exercise of the warrants, including the fair market value in such case. Requiring a cashless
exercise in this manner will reduce the number of shares to be issued and thereby lessen the dilutive effect of a warrant redemption. We believe this feature is an attractive option to us if we do not need the cash from the exercise of the warrants
after our initial business combination. If we call our warrants for redemption and our management does not take advantage of this option, the holders of the private placement warrants and their permitted transferees would still be entitled to
exercise their private placement warrants for cash or on a cashless basis using the same formula described above that other warrant holders would have been required to use had all warrant holders been required to exercise their warrants on a
cashless basis, as described in more detail below. 

A holder of a warrant may notify us in writing in the event it elects to be subject to a requirement that
such holder will not have the right to exercise such warrant, to the extent that after giving effect to such exercise, such person (together with such person s affiliates), to the warrant agent s actual knowledge, would beneficially own in
excess of 4.9 or 9.8 (as specified by the holder) of the Class A common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise. If the
number of outstanding shares of Class A common stock is increased by a share capitalization payable in shares of Class A common stock, or by a split-up of common stock or other similar event, then,
on the effective date of such share capitalization, split-up or similar event, the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable on exercise of each warrant will be increased in proportion to such
increase in the outstanding shares of common stock. A rights offering to holders of common stock entitling holders to purchase shares of Class A common stock at a price less than the fair market value will be deemed a share capitalization of a
number of shares of Class A common stock equal to the product of (i) the number of shares of Class A common stock actually sold in such rights offering (or issuable under any other equity securities sold in such rights offering that
are convertible into or exercisable for Class A common stock) and (ii) the quotient of (x) the price per share of Class A common stock paid in such rights offering and (y) the fair market value. For these purposes
(i) if the rights offering is for securities convertible into or exercisable for shares of Class A common stock, in determining the price payable for Class A common stock, there will be taken into account any consideration received
for such rights, as well as any additional amount payable upon exercise or conversion and (ii) fair market value means the volume weighted average price of shares of Class A common stock as reported during the ten (10) trading day
period ending on the trading day prior to the first date on which the Class A common stock trades on the applicable exchange or in the applicable market, regular way, without the right to receive such rights. 
 In addition, if we, at any time while the warrants are outstanding and unexpired, pay a dividend or make a distribution in cash, securities or other assets to
the holders of Class A common stock on account of such Class A common stock (or other securities into which the warrants are convertible), other than (a) as described above, (b) certain ordinary cash dividends, (c) to
satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of Class A common stock in connection with a proposed initial business combination, or (d) in connection with the redemption of our public shares upon our failure to complete our initial
business combination, then the warrant exercise price will be decreased, effective immediately after the effective date of such event, by the amount of cash and/or the fair market value of any securities or other assets paid on each share of
Class A common stock in respect of such event. If the number of outstanding shares of our Class A common stock is decreased by a consolidation,
combination, reverse share split or reclassification of Class A common stock or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such consolidation, combination, reverse share split, reclassification or similar event, the number of shares of
Class A common stock issuable on exercise of each warrant will be decreased in proportion to such decrease in outstanding shares of Class A common stock. 
 Whenever the number of shares of Class A common stock purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants is adjusted, as described above, the warrant exercise
price will be adjusted by multiplying the warrant exercise price immediately prior to such adjustment by a fraction (x) the numerator of which will be the number of shares of Class A common stock purchasable upon the exercise of the
warrants immediately prior to such adjustment, and (y) the denominator of which will be the number of shares of Class A common stock so purchasable immediately thereafter. 
 In addition, if (x) we issue additional shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with
the closing of our initial business combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than 9.20 per share of Class A common stock (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by our board of
directors and, in the case of any such issuance to our initial stockholders or their affiliates, without taking into account any founder shares held by our initial stockholders or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance), (the
 Newly Issued Price (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination on the date of the
consummation of our initial business combination (net of redemptions), and 

the volume weighted average trading price of our Class A common stock during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day after the day on which we consummate our initial business
combination (such price, the Market Value is below 9.20 per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the
 18.00 per share redemption trigger price will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. 
 In case of any reclassification or reorganization of the outstanding Class A common stock (other than those described above or that solely affects the
par value of such Class A common stock), or in the case of any merger or consolidation of us with or into another corporation (other than a consolidation or merger in which we are the continuing corporation and that does not result in any
reclassification or reorganization of our outstanding Class A common stock), or in the case of any sale or conveyance to another corporation or entity of the assets or other property of us as an entirety or substantially as an entirety in
connection with which we are dissolved, the holders of the warrants will thereafter have the right to purchase and receive, upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions specified in the warrants and in lieu of the shares of our Class A
common stock immediately theretofore purchasable and receivable upon the exercise of the rights represented thereby, the kind and amount of shares of Class A common stock or other securities or property (including cash) receivable upon such
reclassification, reorganization, merger or consolidation, or upon a dissolution following any such sale or transfer, that the holder of the warrants would have received if such holder had exercised their warrants immediately prior to such event. If
less than 70 of the consideration receivable by the holders of Class A common stock in such a transaction is payable in the form of Class A common stock in the successor entity that is listed for trading on a national securities exchange
or is quoted in an established over-the-counter market, or is to be so listed for trading or quoted immediately following such event, and if the registered holder of the
warrant properly exercises the warrant within thirty days following public disclosure of such transaction, the warrant exercise price will be reduced as specified in the warrant agreement based on the Black-Scholes Warrant Value (as defined in the
warrant agreement) of the warrant. The purpose of such exercise price reduction is to provide additional value to holders of the warrants when an extraordinary transaction occurs during the exercise period of the warrants pursuant to which the
holders of the warrants otherwise do not receive the full potential value of the warrants. The warrants have been issued in registered form under a
warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct
any defective provision, and that all other modifications or amendments will require the vote or written consent of the holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants, and, solely with respect to any amendment to the terms of the
private placement warrants, at least 50 of the then outstanding private placement warrants. You should review a copy of the warrant agreement, which will be filed as an exhibit to this Report, for a complete description of the terms and conditions
applicable to the warrants. The warrants may be exercised upon surrender of the warrant certificate on or prior to the expiration date at the offices of
the warrant agent, with the exercise form on the reverse side of the warrant certificate completed and executed as indicated, accompanied by full payment of the exercise price (or on a cashless basis, if applicable), by certified or official bank
check payable to us, for the number of warrants being exercised. The warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of common stock and any voting rights until they exercise their warrants and receive Class A common stock.
After the issuance of Class A common stock upon exercise of the warrants, each holder will be entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. 
 No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the warrants. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional
interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number the number of shares of Class A common stock to be issued to the warrant holder. 

Private Placement Warrants 
 The private placement warrants (including the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants) will not be transferable,
assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination (except, among other limited exceptions, to our officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated with the initial purchasers of the private
placement warrants) and they will not be redeemable by us so long as they are held by the initial stockholders or their permitted transferees. The initial purchasers, or their permitted transferees, have the option to exercise the private placement
warrants on a cashless basis. Except as described in this section, the private placement warrants have terms and provisions that are identical to those of the warrants sold as part of the units in our initial public offering. If the private
placement warrants are held by holders other than the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees, the private placement warrants will be redeemable by us and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the warrants included in the units
that were sold in our initial public offering. If holders of the private placement warrants elect to exercise them on a cashless basis, they would pay
the exercise price by surrendering their warrants for that number of shares of Class A common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of Class A common stock underlying the warrants,
multiplied by the excess of the fair market value of our Class A common stock (as defined below) over the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value shall mean the average
closing price of the Class A common stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of warrant exercise is sent to the warrant agent. The reason that we have agreed that these warrants will be
exercisable on a cashless basis so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees is because it is not known at this time whether they will be affiliated with us following a business combination. If they remain
affiliated with us, their ability to sell our securities in the open market will be significantly limited. We expect to have policies in place that prohibit insiders from selling our securities except during specific periods of time. Even during
such periods of time when insiders will be permitted to sell our securities, an insider cannot trade in our securities if he or she is in possession of material non-public information. Accordingly, unlike
public stockholders who could exercise their warrants and sell the shares of Class A common stock received upon such exercise freely in the open market in order to recoup the cost of such exercise, the insiders could be significantly restricted
from selling such securities. As a result, we believe that allowing the holders to exercise such warrants on a cashless basis is appropriate. In order to
finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. Up to
 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants of the post business combination entity at a price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. Such warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants. Our initial
stockholders have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the private placement warrants (including the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of any of these warrants) until the date that is 30 days after the date we complete our
initial business combination, except that among other limited exceptions, transfers can be made to our officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated with the sponsor. 
 Dividends We have not paid any cash dividends on our
common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of a business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general
financial conditions subsequent to completion of a business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to a business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. Further, if we incur any
indebtedness, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. Our Transfer Agent and
Warrant Agent The transfer agent for our common stock and warrant agent for our warrants is Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, One
State Street, New York, New York 10004. Our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation contains certain requirements and restrictions that will apply to us until the completion of our initial
business combination. These provisions cannot be amended without the approval of the holders of 65 of our common stock. Specifically, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, provides, among other things, that: 

If we are unable to complete our initial business combination by April 11, 2023, we will (i) cease all
operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash,
equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account (which interest shall be net of taxes payable and up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided
by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further 

liquidating distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible
following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and in all cases
subject to the requirements of other applicable law; 

Prior to our initial business combination, we may not issue additional securities that would entitle the holders
thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote as a class with our public shares on our initial business combination or (iii) to approve an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to
(x) extend the time we have to consummate a business combination beyond April 11, 2023 or (y) amend the foregoing provisions; 

Although we do not intend to enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our
sponsor, our directors or our executive officers, we are not prohibited from doing so. In the event we enter into such a transaction, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm
which is a member of FINRA or a valuation or appraisal firm that such a business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view; 

If a stockholder vote on our initial business combination is not required by law and we do not decide to hold a
stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will offer to redeem our public shares pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, and will file tender offer documents with the SEC
prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about our initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act.
Whether or not we maintain our registration under the Exchange Act or our listing on Nasdaq, we will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares by one of the two methods listed above; 

We must complete one or more business combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the
assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions, and taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial business combination; 

If our stockholders approve an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to modify the
substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by April 11, 2023 or, with respect to any other material provisions relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, we will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Class A common stock upon such approval at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account (which interest shall be net of taxes payable),
divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein; and 

We will not effectuate our initial business combination with another blank check company or a similar company
with nominal operations. In addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that under no circumstances will
we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001. Certain Anti-Takeover Provisions of
Delaware Law and our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws We are subject to the provisions of Section 203 of the DGCL
regulating corporate takeovers. This statute prevents certain Delaware corporations, under certain circumstances, from engaging in a business combination with: 

a stockholder who owns 15 or more of our outstanding voting stock (otherwise known as an interested
stockholder 

an affiliate of an interested stockholder; or 

an associate of an interested stockholder, for three years following the date that the stockholder became an
interested stockholder. 

A business combination includes a merger or sale of more than 10 of our assets. However, the
above provisions of Section 203 do not apply if: 

our board of directors approves the transaction that made the stockholder an interested stockholder, 
prior to the date of the transaction; 

after the completion of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, that
stockholder owned at least 85 of our voting stock outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, other than statutorily excluded shares of common stock; or 

on or subsequent to the date of the transaction, the initial business combination is approved by our board of
directors and authorized at a meeting of our stockholders, and not by written consent, by an affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the outstanding voting stock not owned by the interested stockholder.
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that our board of directors is classified into three classes of
directors. As a result, in most circumstances, a person can gain control of our board only by successfully engaging in a proxy contest at two or more annual meetings. 
 Our authorized but unissued common stock and preferred stock are available for future issuances without stockholder approval and could be utilized for a
variety of corporate purposes, including future offerings to raise additional capital, acquisitions and employee benefit plans. The existence of authorized but unissued and unreserved common stock and preferred stock could render more difficult or
discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise. Special meeting of stockholders 
 Our bylaws provide that special meetings of our stockholders may be called only by a majority vote of our board of directors, by our Chief Executive Officer or
by our Chairman. Advance notice requirements for stockholder proposals and director nominations 
 Our bylaws provide that stockholders seeking to bring business before our annual meeting of stockholders, or to nominate candidates for election as directors
at our annual meeting of stockholders, must provide timely notice of their intent in writing. To be timely, a stockholder s notice will need to be received by the company secretary at our principal executive offices not later than the close of
business on the 90th day nor earlier than the opening of business on the 120th day prior to the anniversary date of the immediately preceding annual meeting of stockholders. Pursuant to Rule 14a-8 of the
Exchange Act, proposals seeking inclusion in our annual proxy statement must comply with the notice periods contained therein. Our bylaws also specify certain requirements as to the form and content of a stockholders meeting. These provisions
may preclude our stockholders from bringing matters before our annual meeting of stockholders or from making nominations for directors at our annual meeting of stockholders. 
 Listing of Securities Our units, Class A common
stock and warrants are listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbols ALTUU, ALTU and ALTUW, respectively. 

</EX-4.5>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 d424595dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 
 Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) 
 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, Gary Teplis, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2022 of Altitude Acquisition Corp.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be
designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is
being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this
report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that
occurred during the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of
internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in
the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: March 23, 2023 

By: 
 
 /s/ Gary Teplis 

Name: Gary Teplis 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 d424595dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 
 Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) 
 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, Farris Griggs, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2022 of Altitude Acquisition Corp.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be
designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is
being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles.; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this
report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that
occurred during the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of
internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in
the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: March 23, 2023 

By: 
 
 /s/ Farris Griggs 

Name: Farris Griggs 

Title: Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting
Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 d424595dex321.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

Exhibit 32.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 
 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, I, Gary Teplis, Principal Executive
Officer of Altitude Acquisition Corp. (the Company ), hereby certify, that, to my knowledge: 

1. 
 the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
2022 (the Report of the Company fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and
results of operations of the Company. Date: March 23, 2023 

By: 
 
 /s/ Gary Teplis 

Name: Gary Teplis 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 d424595dex322.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32.2 

Exhibit 32.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 
 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, I, Farris Griggs, Principal Financial
Officer of Altitude Acquisition Corp. (the Company ), hereby certify, that, to my knowledge: 

1. 
 the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
2022 (the Report of the Company fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and
results of operations of the Company. Date: March 23, 2023 

By: 
 
 /s/ Farris Griggs 

Name: Farris Griggs 

Title: Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting
Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 altu-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 altu-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 altu-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 altu-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

