<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230313_10-K_edgar_data_1726822_0001829126-23-001983.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2439461</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>96342</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>508879</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>645629</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>500743</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>634093</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001829126-23-001983.hdr.sgml : 20230313
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230313060658
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001829126-23-001983
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		42
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230313
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230313

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Soul Biotechnology Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001726822
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MEDICINAL CHEMICALS & BOTANICAL PRODUCTS [2833]
		IRS NUMBER:				823155323
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56213
		FILM NUMBER:		23725573

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		36 FOURTH AVE. N
		CITY:			SASKATCHEWAN
		STATE:			A9
		ZIP:			S3N 2V7
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(516) 544-2812

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		36 FOURTH AVE. N
		CITY:			SASKATCHEWAN
		STATE:			A9
		ZIP:			S3N 2V7

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Adorbs Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20180102

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001829126-23-001983.txt : 20230313

10-K
 1
 soulbiotech_10k.htm
 10-K

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended: , 2022 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from ___________ to ___________ 

Commission file number: 

SOUL BIOTECHNOLOGY CORPORATION 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) 
 
 (IRS
 Employer 
Identification No.) 

, , 

 (Address
of principal executive offices) 

(Registrants
telephone number, including area code) 

Adorbs, Inc. 

 (Former
name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

Title
 of Each Class 
 
 Name
 of Each Exchange On Which Registered 
 
 Common
 Stock, 0.001 par value per share 
 
 N/A 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during
the past 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer a smaller reporting
company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of the large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 Accelerated Filer 
 
 Accelerated
 Filer 

Smaller
 Reporting Company 

Emerging
 Growth Company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the fi ling reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

Aggregate
market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common
equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of June 30, 2021. The section is not applicable because
there is no quoted trading price on the company s securities. 

As
of March 10, 2023 there were shares of the registrant s Common Stock issued and outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Not
Applicable. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 ii 

PART I. 

1 

Item 1. 
 
 Business 
 
 1 

Item 1aA. 
 
 Risk Factors 
 
 9 

Item 1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 9 

Item 2. 
 
 Properties 
 
 9 

Item 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 9 

Item 4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 9 

PART II 

10 

Item 5. 
 
 Market For Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 10 

Item 6. 
 
 [Reserved] 
 
 10 

Item 7. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 10 

Item 7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 14 

Item 8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 14 

Item 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 14 

Item 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 15 

Item 9B. 
 
 Other Information 
 
 16 

Item 9C. 
 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 16 

PART III 

17 

Item 10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 17 

Item 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 18 

Item 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 19 

Item 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 20 

Item 14. 
 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 20 

PART IV 

F-1 

Item 15. 
 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 F-1 

Item 16. 
 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 
 21 

SIGNATURES 
 
 22 

i 

FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS 

Except
for historical information, this report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of
1933, as amended (the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act ). Such forward-looking statements include, among others, those statements including the words believes, anticipates, 
 expects, intends, estimates, plans and words of similar import. Such forward-looking
statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements,
or industry results, to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking
statements. 

Forward-looking
statements are based on our current expectations and assumptions regarding our business, potential target businesses, the economy and
other future conditions. Because forward-looking statements relate to the future, by their nature, they are subject to inherent uncertainties,
risks and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict. Our actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by
the forward-looking statements. We caution you therefore that you should not rely on any of these forward-looking statements as statements
of historical fact or as guarantees or assurances of future performance. 

Given
these uncertainties, readers of this Annual Report on Form 10-K Annual Report and investors are cautioned not to place
undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. We disclaim any obligation to update any such factors or to publicly announce the
result of any revisions to any of the forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect future events or developments. All references
in this Annual Report to the Company, Soul, we, us, or our, are
to Soul Biotechnology Corporation. 

ii 

PART
I 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

Corporate
History 

Soul
Biotechnology Corporation Soul , or the Company was incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada on
October 18, 2017 as Adorbs Inc. The Company changed its name to Soul Biotechnology Corporation on January 3, 2023. 

Former
management was comprised of two people, Rebecca Jill Lazar, Chief Executive Officer; and Michael Lazar, Chief Financial Officer. Due
to the development stage of the Company, Ms. Lazar spent part of her time toward the everyday operations and forward movement of the
corporation. Ms. Lazar s responsibilities included acting as the Company s creative designer as well as determining the overall
design direction of the company and its marketing strategy. Ms. Lazar cultivated relationships with children s clothing stores
and manufacturers and spent the time necessary to oversee the product development, manufacturing, sales, and marketing campaigns, website
design, and direct the primary operations of the business. 

On
January 19, 2018, the Company filed a Form S-1 for registration of securities under the Securities Act of 1933. The S-1 was declared
effective on March 14, 2018, and at that time the Company became a fully reporting public company. The Company filed its first Form 10-Q
on May 10, 2018, for the period ended March 31, 2018, and subsequently filed all required reports until through the period ended March
31, 2019. On July 1, 2019, the Company filed a Form 15 to terminate its registration. Despite her best efforts, Ms. Lazar determined
during the three months ended June 30, 2020, that the Company s business plan was no longer viable. Subsequently, during July 2020,
Ms. Lazar and her husband Michael Lazar resigned their positions executive positions with the Company and gifted their majority shareholdings
for no consideration to Activist Investing LLC, an entity controlled by Michael Lazar s brother, David Lazar. These shares were
gifted in return for David Lazar s commitment to provide funding to the Company going forward and for his expertise in managing
and directing distressed companies. 

Activist
Investing LLC received 11,000,000 shares from Ms. Lazar, and 10,000,000 shares from Michael Lazar for a total of 21,000,000 shares. Based
upon 23,889,500 shares outstanding, this effectively gave David Lazar 87.9 ownership of the Company. Concurrently with the change of
control, David Lazar was appointed as CEO and Director and is currently the only employee, officer, and director of the Company. As a
result of these transactions, the Company become a blank check company. 

On
June 22, 2020, the Company dismissed Michael Gillespie Associates, PLLC Gillespie as its independent registered
public accounting firm who had performed the audit of the Company s 2018 financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2018.
Gillespie s report on the Company s financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2018, did not contain any adverse
opinions or disclaimers of opinion and were not qualified or modified as to uncertainty, audit scope, or accounting principles, except
that such reports included explanatory paragraphs with respect to the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. During
the year ended December 31, 2018, and through June 21, 2020, there were no (a) disagreements (as defined in Item 304(a)(1)(iv) of Regulation
S-K) with Gillespie on any matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure or auditing scope or procedure,
which disagreements, if not resolved to satisfaction, would have caused Gillespie to make reference to the subject matter thereof in
connection with its reports for the period ended 2018 or (b) reportable events, as described under Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K. 

On
June 22 2020, the Company appointed AJSH Co. LLP, a PCOAB registered firm as its independent registered accounting firm who performed
the Company s audit for the period ended December 31, 2019 and has reviewed its financial statements for the three and nine-month
period ended September 30, 2021. 

On
December 29, 2020, the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10-12G was declared effective. 

1 

On February 10, 2022, Soul Inc. ADOB, 
or the Company entered into a share exchange agreement (the Share Exchange Agreement with MySpray Therapeutics
Inc. MySpray ), an Saskatchewan, Canadian corporation, Nichol Martinuik Martinuik and Rachel Martinuik R.
Martinuik ), the sole officers, directors, and shareholders of MySpray, Qatar Consulting Inc. Company Qatar ),
Broadway Creative Consultants Corp. Broadway ), and David Lazar Lazar ), as the sole officer and director
of ADOB and the managing member of Activist Investing LLC. Under the Share Exchange Agreement, One Hundred Percent (100 of the ownership
interest of MySpray was exchanged for (i) 51,110,500 shares of common stock of the Company at the Closing, and (ii) an additional 593,779,000
shares of common stock of ADOB, issued upon the increase in authorized shares of common stock of ADOB to 700,000,000, each of which is
to be issued to Martinuik, R. Martinuik, Qatar, Broadway, and Activist, pro-rata, in accordance with the Share Exchange Agreement. The
former stockholders of MySpray acquired a majority of the issued and outstanding common stock as a result of the share exchange transaction.
The transaction has been accounted for as a recapitalization of the Company, whereby MySpray is the accounting acquirer. 

On
April 26, 2022, Adorbs Inc. (the Company terminated its engagement with AJSH Co LLP AJSH ), the Registrant s
prior independent registered public accounting firm, and thereafter provided AJSH with its disclosures in the Current Report on Form
8-K disclosing the termination of the engagement of AJSH and requested in writing that AJSH furnish the Company with a letter addressed
to the Securities and Exchange Commission stating whether or not they agree with such disclosures. AJSH s response is filed as
an exhibit to this Current Report on Form 8-K. 

The
auditor reports by AJSH contained in the financial statements of the Company for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, filed as
part of the annual reports on Form 10-K for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, did not contain an adverse opinion or disclaimer
of opinion or were qualified or modified as to uncertainty, audit scope or accounting principles, other than to state that there is substantial
doubt as to the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. There had been no disagreements with AJSH on any matter of accounting
principles or practices, financial statement disclosure, or auditing scope or procedure during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2021
and 2020, nor in the subsequent periods through April 26, 2022. 

On
April 26, 2022, the Board of Directors of the Company engaged BF Borgers CPA PC Borgers as its independent accountant
to provide auditing services for going forward for the Company. The Company has terminated the engagement of AJSH. The decision to hire
Borgers was approved by the Company s Board of Directors. 

Business
Overview 

Soul
Biotechnology Corporation ADOB or the Company is a US holding company incorporated in Nevada in October
2017, which operates through the Company s wholly owned subsidiary MySpray Therapeutics Inc. MySpray ), a Saskatchewan,
Canada corporation incorporated on October 2, 2012. 

MySpray
creates innovative and clinically developed products for the global natural health community in the areas of immune function, mental
health, and pain management. 

MySpray
Therapeutics Inc. is currently the license holder of 9 Natural Product Numbers (NPN) through the Natural and Non-prescription Health
Products Directorate division of Health Canada. 

We
are preparing to expand formulas to support clinical trials along with the licensing for research and development in the fields of mental
health and the impact of treatment protocols with phytonutrients, medicinal mushrooms, and psychedelic compounds under our current MyShrooms 
brand. 

2 

We
are attempting end to end capabilities from substrate for growth, genetics, research, extraction, formulations, delivery, and distribution
of the finished product. This could allow MySpray to maintain high quality control and enable us to: 

Create
formulations for clinical trials. 

Supply
raw materials, standardized extracts, and medicinal compounds that are in high demand for ongoing academic research globally. 

Provide
finished products direct to consumer. 

Offer
white label manufacturing. 

Through
this process, we are attempting to achieve a net zero global environmental footprint, implementing growth solutions using naturally composted
substrates and by-products of manufacturing current products. MySpray is a current member of the Canadian Health Food Association (CHFA)
and presently offers 5 products in the natural health marketplace, and proudly manufactures in Canada with cGMP credentials, sourced
from USDA-certified organic North American producers. 

MySpray
is clinically developing innovative and evidence-based therapeutics that can help us generate revenue through the sales of its five products
to distributors, direct wholesale to pharmacies, clinics, health stores, ecommerce and traditional retailers, along with our retail online
store. 

Background
of the Company 

MySpray
Therapeutics was founded in 2012 by natural health practitioner and researcher, Nichol Martinuik, with a mission of creating the
most innovative and life changing products. 

The
first mission was to find a solution to the low absorption rates of nutrients from pills, leading to the development of Vitamin D3 and
B12 oral sprays. Sublingual and buccal absorption provides a much higher absorption by the body, eliminating the gastric breakdown through
digestion. With the use of a convenient spray, it ensures that your body is receiving the maximum benefits. 

MyPain
LiniMint was the next product to be approved by Health Canada, after many years of clinical research and development with dimethyl
sulfoxide DMSO as a topical analgesic for pain management. DMSO provides tissue penetration directly to the site of pain
and inflammation, with capabilities beyond any other topically applied product. Many trials were conducted with this formula to create
a balanced product that minimized the odors associated with DMSO. 

MyShrooms
Immunity was then developed as an immune modulator and formulated with a synergistic blend of 8 medicinal mushrooms. Fungi have
been revered medically for thousands of years in their abilities to increase the immune system s recognition and defence from daily
threats. MyShrooms Defence is the evolution of the original Vitamin D3 spray, and a combination of Chaga and D3. Chaga is a
potent substance containing over 200 nutrients, including vitamin D and the cofactors necessary for absorption, creating a superior formula
for disease prevention. 

MySpray
is committed to ongoing research, and the development of innovative solutions and premium health products. Nichol is a member of
the Natural Health Practitioners of Canada, and the Saskatchewan Association of Doctors of Natural Medicine. MySpray Therapeutics is
proudly manufactured in Canada and a proud member of the Canadian Health Food Association. 

3 

Products 

MySpray
offers products in a variety of delivery systems including topical, capsules, and through a highly absorbed convenient oral spray delivery
system. 

MyShrooms
Immune-Pro 

MyShrooms
Immune-Pro is a clinical strength herbal medicine to activate, balance, and support a healthy immune system. It is formulated with a
powerful and unique trifecta of medicinal mushrooms, ginseng, and propolis. With potent antioxidants and powerful adaptogens it increases
energy and the body s response to stress, along with related mental and physical fatigue. 

MyShrooms
Defence 

MyShrooms
Defence is a combination of chaga, often proclaimed king of medicinal mushrooms, and Vitamin D. Chaga is a rich source
of potent antioxidants and powerful phytochemicals, such as sterols, phenols, beta-glucans, and melanin. Vitamin D, widely known as the
sunshine vitamin, is an essential hormone for disease prevention, and the regulation of minerals. Combined they strengthen the body s
natural defence system, and protect against pathogens, illness and disease. 

MyShrooms
Immunity 

MyShrooms
Immunity offers the synergistic effect of 8 medicinal mushrooms, each containing complex, unique and specific compounds providing significant
health benefits throughout the whole body. As an immune modulator, it helps to activate, balance and restore a healthy immune response
with a comprehensive combination of the most potent medicinal mushrooms including: Reishi, Chaga, Cordyceps, Turkey Tail, Lion s
Mane, Agaricus Blazei, Shiitake, and Maitake. 

MyShrooms
Energy 

MyShrooms
Energy is a combination of Cordyceps and Vitamin B12. Cordyceps mushroom has been used for centuries for its energizing and apoptogenic
properties, as well as to support oxygen uptake, stamina, endurance, libido, kidney and adrenal health. With naturally occurring B-vitamins,
it is a perfect blend to include Vitamin B12 with its essential and diverse functions in the body. B12 is involved in the maintenance
of the nervous system, red blood cell production, energy metabolism and the proper functioning of our brain, heart, liver, and kidneys.
Combined they contribute to optimal health, well-being, performance, mood, vitality and energy. 

MyPain
LiniMint 

MyPain
LiniMint contains 80 DMSO and delivers the deepest tissue penetration available. It is 100 natural and provides unmatched pain relief
from muscle strains, joint sprains, backaches arthritis. The powerful analgesic properties easily penetrate through the skin into
all tissues, reducing pain and inflammation at the source to promote the body s natural healing process, a remarkable advantage
over other topically applied products. 

With
approximately 11,000 studies on DMSO, research demonstrates its analgesic properties by blocking the peripheral C nerve fibers and acts
as an antioxidant neutralizing the free radicals of inflammation. 

MySpray
generates revenue through the sales of its five products to distributors, direct wholesale to pharmacies, clinics, health stores, ecommerce
and traditional retailers, along with our retail online store. 

4 

Strategic
Market Analysis 

MySpray s
marketing campaign will target consumers via 5 avenues: 

(1) Direct selling to consumers via MySpray.ca 
 
 ~88 gross margin 

(2) Selling to wholesalers that in turn sell to retailers 
 
 ~70 gross margin 

(3) Selling directly to retailers 
 
 ~79 gross margin 

(4) Private labeling products for foreign markets 
 
 ~ 65 gross margin 

(5) Market App via existing networks of Clinics, 

Treatment Centers and alike. 
 
 Unknown 

One
of the next focuses for the Company will be exploring overseas partners due to lowered risk factors during this critical growth stage.
Some of these risk reducers include but are not limited to: the payment terms (payment in full the moment it is delivered), bulk orders 1mm+ opening orders), and guaranteed payments (via EDC). With significant inroads already completed, traction is starting to come in
from large trade shows visited in China over the last several years. 

In
addition to the foreign markets, the more obvious focus is going to be on direct selling via online. Direct selling needs to be played
cautiously and the prices need to be firmly set so that retailers are not undercut and feeling slighted by our direct selling campaigns.
Immediate next steps in this area will be focusing on a social media and Google AdWord marketing campaigns. Additionally, focusing on
influencers and other key market drivers that can be strategically aligned with the brand. 

Lastly,
MySpray wants to keep up current relationships with wholesalers/retailers and have the company better financed to be able to keep up
with their consistently growing demand for the products. 

Marketing
Objectives 

The
objectives of our marketing strategy will emphasize focus on our 3 previously defined markets. In order to achieve its goal, MySpray
intends to adopt the following strategies: 

1. Offer
a limited number of SKU s. MySpray doesn t want to be everything, instead really good at a few things. 

2. Keep
the market strategy simple and push for more overseas partners understand their markets allow them to market their products
within their local markets with some autonomy. 

3. Within
North America and parts of Europe, keep the brand very consistent, simple, clean and to the point. 

5 

MySpray s
strategy is to grow the business by nurturing clients, differentiating from our competitors, particularly through solid business ethics.
Alliances, collaboration and training will be conducted on a regular basis to ensure that the products are fully understood and communicated
to meet customer expectation. The 4 main focuses for getting the name out and having the story properly told will be via: 

Advertising
online 

Social
media influencers and market movers 

Consistent
virtual training with our founder and the key reps in the field 

Trade
shows and events 

Pricing 

COGS
for all liquids are within .30 including warehousing and labeling of an average of 7.50, and production cost may vary +- 5 from batch
to batch. All products are currently priced the same for convenience and ease. 

Retail sales: MSRP 59.99 
 
 = 88 margin 

Wholesale to retailers: 34.99 
 
 = 79 margin 

Distribution company s: 24.99 
 
 = 70 margin 

In
regards to the MyHealth App, our goal is to keep the base price relatively low 29.99/month, then have extras and extended availability
of care for higher rates 99/month and up. For some that are dealing with more substantial trauma and/or needs, an a-la-carte style can
be purchased to access the right specialists, one-on-one. 

Pain
Management 

The
growing baby-boomer population continues to drive demand of innovative and advanced pain relaxing medications around the western world.
Additionally, the increasing number of hospitalization cases; unmet requirements for neuropathic pain management drugs; innovative and
advanced applications of pain management therapies; increasing prevalence of various chronic diseases, such as cancer, and neurological
problems; and increasing healthcare expenditure are also driving the growth of the global market. The growing numbers of mergers and
acquisitions is a key trend observed in the market. Among the various therapeutic indications, the post-operative pain relief segment
accounted for the largest share, and the low-back pain segment accounted for the second largest share in the global market. 

Pain
management drugs are mainly used to relieve discomfort associated with injury and surgeries. Moreover, pain management medications are
used in the management of pain associated with neurological problems, migraine, cancer, orthopedic problems, low-back pain, rheumatoid
arthritis, and fibromyalgia. 

The
stringent regulation for the approval of pain management drugs is restraining the growth of global market. High expenditure requirement
in the manufacturing of pain management drugs and risks of side-effects associated with pain-killers are also hindering the growth of
global market. 

North
America and Europe are the major markets, due to increasing prevalence of chronic diseases, and growing awareness about various types
of chronic pain conditions in these regions. The U.S. followed by Canada, is the largest market for pain management drugs in North America.
Whereas, the U.K., Germany and France are some of the major countries holding significant share in the European pain management drugs
market. 

6 

The
Asian market is growing with a significant rate, owing to huge pool of patients, and increasing healthcare spending in the region. In
addition, the initiatives taken by various government associations to develop chronic pain rehabilitation centers, and increasing prevalence
of various chronic diseases are also supporting the growth of the Asian pain management drugs market. The countries such as India, Japan
and China, are the major markets in the region. 

Apart
from these regions, Latin America is another important market. This is due to increasing investments by drug manufacturing companies
and growing demand of pain management medications in the region. Brazil holds the largest share in the Latin American pain management
drugs market, due to the increasing support from government organizations for the development of chronic pain rehabilitation centers
in the country. 

Immune
System 

Fungi
have long been used as herbal drugs in Traditional Chinese Medicine and the source of numerous pharmaceuticals. In today s world
with Covid, stress and over increased use of antibiotics our world has developed a weak immune system problem. Many people have long
searched out natural remedies for this problem and have been hit with the same string of products generic extracts/vitamins like
ginseng, echinacea, vitamin C D among others. Most of which work, however, given our current global immune suppression a more comprehensive
immune system support product is being desired. 

In
the article titled Immune Health Supplements Market Size [2020-2027]: Is Projected to Reach USD 29.40 Billion by 2027, Exhibiting
a CAGR of 7.4 posted to the Global Newswire News Room website on April 14, 2021, stated the COVID-19 pandemic is surging the
demand for immune health supplements across the globe. This growth is attributable to the rising reconsideration of health and well-being
by the masses. They are persistently striving to dodge any type of infectious disease by consuming immunity boosters. One of the significant
challenges that may occur is the disruptions in the supply chain network which was noted by The Nutrition Business Journal in
April 2020. 

Mental
Health and Performance 

Common
mental health disorders are inadequately treated using traditional medications, many of which have low or variable efficacy, undesirable
or dangerous side effects, and sometimes addictive properties. Traditional medications typically are prescribed for daily use over an
extended period and take weeks or months to reduce symptoms. In addition to lowered quality of life for the individual, poor medication
efficacy results in high societal costs in healthcare and lost productivity. 

Psilocybin
has been investigated as treatment for depression, anxiety disorders, obsessive-compulsive disorder, alcohol use disorder, and tobacco
use disorder (Daniel and Haberman, 2017). The Johns Hopkins Center for Psychedelic Consciousness Research has published more than
60 peer-reviewed studies showing therapeutic effects of psilocybin in patients suffering from addictions, anxiety, and treatment-resistant
depression. 

A
key finding is that psilocybin, when combined with psychological therapy, appears to have curative potential rather than symptom management
effects. 4 weeks after receiving 2 psilocybin-assisted psychotherapy sessions, 71 of study participants suffering from major depression
had a reduction in symptoms, and 54 of individuals no longer met the criteria for depression (Davis et al., 2020). The lead author of
the study noted that the magnitude of the effect was approximately four times larger than traditional antidepressants in the market.
Similarly, 80 of cancer patients receiving 2 psilocybin sessions showed significant reductions in anxiety and depressed mood 6 months
after treatment. 

The
work at the Johns Hopkins Center (2006, 2008) has also demonstrated that a single psilocybin session resulted in positive mood, attitude,
and behavioral changes in healthy individuals, with lasting effects of 14 months or longer. A single psilocybin session increased well-being
or life satisfaction in 64 of individuals. Psilocybin sessions have also been associated with increased emotional and brain plasticity
(2020), including altered top-down control of emotions, increased overall brain connectivity, and enduring changes in the personality
domain of openness (2011). 

7 

Customer
Profile 

MySpray
customers will be in 4 forms: 

1. Private
 Label Partners 

2. Distributors 

3. Retailers
 (products and MyHealth App) 

4. 
End Consumer (products and MyHealth App) 

MySpray has identified the 3 main target markets each with their own target customer profile. The 3 target markets are Immune Health,
Pain Management and Mental Health/Performance (as previously outlined in this document). The broader targeted segments of the population
for each are as follows (not an exhaustive list): 

1. Immune
 Health- the health-conscious baby boomer, compromised from the over sanitation resulting
 from Covid protocols. 

2. Pain
 Management- baby boomers that have lingering sports injuries and arthritis as well as Gen
 X and Millennials that are currenting playing sports and have aches/pains related to their
 respective sports. 

3. Mental
 Health- Millennials and Gen X that looking for the mental edge in their professional careers.
 Additionally, Millennials that are ever increasingly reliant on pharmaceuticals for ADHD,
 Depression, Anxiety among other things. 

Employees 

We
currently have 5 employees, two of whom are officers and directors of ADOB and MySpray. The other 3 employees are under contractwith
MySpray. They include two therapists and an officer manager. The therapists are paid per patient and therapy, have a thirty day mutual
termination notice requirement and a one-year non-compete clause. Our office manager is paid an annual salary with a thirty day mutual
termination notice requirement. We anticipate hiring additional employees in the next twelve months. We anticipate hiring necessary personnel
based on an as-needed basis only on a per-contract basis to be compensated directly from revenues. 

Intellectual
Property 

MySpray
Therapeutics Inc. is currently the license holder of 9 Natural Product Numbers (NPN) through the Natural and Non-prescription Health
Products Directorate division of Health Canada. 

Reports
to Security Holders 

You
may read and copy any materials the Company files with the Commission in the Commission s Public Reference Section, Room 1580,
100 F Street N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. You may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Section by calling the
SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. Additionally, the SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and
other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC, which can be found at http://www.sec.gov . 

8 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

AS
A SMALLER REPORTING COMPANY, WE ARE NOT REQUIRED TO PROVIDE A STATEMENT OF RISK FACTORS. 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

Our
mailing address is 36 Fourth Ave. N, Saskatchewan, Canada S3N 2V7. ADOB s wholly-owned subsidiary, MySpray, has an address of Drawer
188, 36 Fourth Avenue North, Yorkton, Saskatchewan, Canada, S3N 2V7. Nichol Martinuik owns the laboratory building that MySpray occupies.
He rents this facility to the Company based on a verbal, month-to-month agreement. During the years December 31, 2022 and December 31,
2021, the Company paid 19,614 and -0- in rent, respectively. The Company believes that this rent expense is reasonable and comparable
to the rent that would be charged to a third party. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

We
know of no active or pending legal proceedings against us, nor are we involved as a plaintiff in any proceedings or pending litigation.
There are no proceedings in which any of our directors, officers or affiliates, or any beneficial shareholder are an adverse party or
has a material interest adverse to us. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable. 

9 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market
Information 

Our
Common Stock is currently quoted on the Pink tier of OTC Markets under the symbol ADOB. However, there is currently no
trading market for our Common Stock and there is no assurance that a regular trading market will ever develop. 

Holders 

As
of February 27, 2023, there were approximately 45 holders of record of our Common Stock. 

Dividends 

To
date, we have not paid dividends on shares of our Common Stock and we do not expect to declare or pay dividends on shares of our Common
Stock in the foreseeable future. The payment of any dividends will depend upon our future earnings, if any, our financial condition,
and other factors deemed relevant by our Board. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

We
have no existing equity compensation plan. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use of Proceeds from Sale of Registered Securities 

None. 

Rule
10B-18 Transactions 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, neither the Company nor any affiliated purchaser of the Company, purchased any equity securities of
the Company that are registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act. 

ITEM
6. [RESERVED] 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

THIS
SECTION OF THE ANNUAL REPORT INCLUDES A NUMBER OF FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS THAT REFLECT OUR CURRENT VIEWS WITH RESPECT TO FUTURE EVENTS
AND FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE. FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS ARE OFTEN IDENTIFIED BY WORDS LIKE: BELIEVE, EXPECT, 
 ESTIMATE, ANTICIPATE, INTEND, PROJECT AND SIMILAR EXPRESSIONS, OR WORDS THAT,
BY THEIR NATURE, REFER TO FUTURE EVENTS. YOU SHOULD NOT PLACE UNDUE CERTAINTY ON THESE FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS, WHICH APPLY ONLY AS
OF THE DATE OF THIS PROSPECTUS. THESE FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS ARE SUBJECT TO CERTAIN RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES THAT COULD CAUSE ACTUAL
RESULTS TO DIFFER MATERIALLY FROM HISTORICAL RESULTS OR OUR PREDICTIONS. 

OUR
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ARE STATED IN UNITED STATES DOLLARS (USD OR US AND ARE PREPARED IN ACCORDANCE WITH UNITED STATES GENERALLY ACCEPTED
ACCOUNTING PRINCIPLES. ALL REFERENCES TO COMMON STOCK REFER TO THE COMMON SHARES IN OUR CAPITAL STOCK. 

10 

Overview 

Soul
Biotechnology Corporation Soul , or the Company was incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada on
October 18, 2017 as Adorbs Inc. The Company changed its name to Soul Biotechnology Corporation on January 3, 2023. Soul is a developmental
stage corporation formed to provide organic children s clothing designed to be cute, comfortable, and trendy. The vision of Soul
is bright, basic comfortable organic clothes, if the price of organic material makes financial sense, including wearable and comfortable
cute clothes, leggings, t-shirt, sweatshirts, skirts, dresses, and onesies (the Clothing Line ). The clothing has and will
have basic bold colors, such as black, red, orange, yellow, green, grey, blue, purple, and fuchsia. It includes and will include, a variety
of ideas with patch work, appliqu , food, emojis, animals, letters, words. This way, a child could tell a story about their clothing. 

Former
management was comprised of two people, Rebecca Jill Lazar, Chief Executive Officer; and Michael Lazar, Chief Financial Officer. Due
to the development stage of the Company, Ms. Lazar spent part of her time toward the everyday operations and forward movement of the
corporation. Ms. Lazar s responsibilities included acting as the Company s creative designer as well as determining the overall
design direction of the company and its marketing strategy. Ms. Lazar cultivated relationships with children s clothing stores
and manufacturers and spent the time necessary to oversee the product development, manufacturing, sales, and marketing campaigns, website
design, and direct the primary operations of the business. 

On
January 19, 2018, the Company filed a Form S-1 for registration of securities under the Securities Act of 1933. The S-1 was declared
effective on March 14, 2018, and at that time the Company became a fully reporting public company. The Company filed its first Form 10-Q
on May 10, 2018, for the period ended March 31, 2018, and subsequently filed all required reports until through the period ended March
31, 2019. On July 1, 2019, the Company filed a Form 15 to terminate its registration. Despite her best efforts, Ms. Lazar determined
during the three months ended June 30, 2020, that the Company s business plan was no longer viable. Subsequently, during July 2020,
Ms. Lazar and her husband Michael Lazar resigned their positions executive positions with the Company and gifted their majority shareholdings
for no consideration to Activist Investing LLC, an entity controlled by Michael Lazar s brother, David Lazar. These shares were
gifted in return for David Lazar s commitment to provide funding to the Company going forward and for his expertise in managing
and directing distressed companies. 

Activist
Investing LLC received 11,000,000 shares from Ms. Lazar, and 10,000,000 shares from Michael Lazar for a total of 21,000,000 shares. Based
upon 23,889,500 shares outstanding, this effectively gave David Lazar 87.9 ownership of the Company. Concurrently with the change of
control, David Lazar was appointed as CEO and Director and is currently the only employee, officer, and director of the Company. As a
result of these transactions, the Company become a blank check company. 

On
June 22, 2020, the Company dismissed Michael Gillespie Associates, PLLC Gillespie as its independent registered
public accounting firm who had performed the audit of the Company s 2018 financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2018.
Gillespie s report on the Company s financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2018, did not contain any adverse
opinions or disclaimers of opinion and were not qualified or modified as to uncertainty, audit scope, or accounting principles, except
that such reports included explanatory paragraphs with respect to the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. During
the year ended December 31, 2018, and through June 21, 2020, there were no (a) disagreements (as defined in Item 304(a)(1)(iv) of Regulation
S-K) with Gillespie on any matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure or auditing scope or procedure,
which disagreements, if not resolved to satisfaction, would have caused Gillespie to make reference to the subject matter thereof in
connection with its reports for the period ended 2018 or (b) reportable events, as described under Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K. 

On
June 22 2020, the Company appointed AJSH Co. LLP, a PCOAB registered firm as its independent registered accounting firm who performed
the Company s audit for the period ended December 31, 2019 and has reviewed its financial statements for the three and nine-month
period ended September 30, 2021. 

11 

On
December 29, 2020, the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10-12G was declared effective. 

On February 10, 2022, Soul Inc. ADOB, 
or the Company entered into a share exchange agreement (the Share Exchange Agreement with MySpray Therapeutics
Inc. MySpray ), an Saskatchewan, Canadian corporation, Nichol Martinuik Martinuik and Rachel Martinuik R.
Martinuik ), the sole officers, directors, and shareholders of MySpray, Qatar Consulting Inc. Company Qatar ),
Broadway Creative Consultants Corp. Broadway ), and David Lazar Lazar ), as the sole officer and director
of ADOB and the managing member of Activist Investing LLC. Under the Share Exchange Agreement, One Hundred Percent (100 of the ownership
interest of MySpray was exchanged for (i) 51,110,500 shares of common stock of the Company at the Closing, and (ii) an additional 593,779,000
shares of common stock of ADOB, issued upon the increase in authorized shares of common stock of ADOB to 700,000,000, each of which is
to be issued to Martinuik, R. Martinuik, Qatar, Broadway, and Activist, pro-rata, in accordance with the Share Exchange Agreement. The
former stockholders of MySpray acquired a majority of the issued and outstanding common stock as a result of the share exchange transaction.
The transaction has been accounted for as a recapitalization of the Company, whereby MySpray is the accounting acquirer. 

Results
of Operations 

Year
Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Our
results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 are summarized below: 

Years Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 Change 
 
 Revenue 
 296,597 
 81 
 296,516 
 
 Operating expenses 
 566,668 
 45,900 
 520,768 
 
 Interest expense (income) 
 1,715 
 (21 
 (1,736 
 
 Net loss 
 (342,570 
 (45,798 
 (296,772 

Revenues 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we recorded 296,597 and 83, in revenue, respectively. The increase is due to the acquisition
of an operating entity, MySpray. 

Operating
Expenses 

Operating
expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 566,668 and 45,900 respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2022,
the operating expenses consisted of professional fees of 274,253, amortization of 40,764 and general and administrative expenses of
 251,652. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the operating expenses consisted of professional fees of 27,360, and general and administrative
expenses of 18,540. 

The
increase in all expense categories is primarily the result of the acquisition of an operating entity, MySpray. 

Other
Expense (Income) 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, other expenses consisted of 1,715 in interest expense in the 2022 period, and 21 of interest
income in the 2021 period. 

Net
Loss 

As
a result of the foregoing, we incurred a net loss of (342,750) for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to a net loss of (45,798)
for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

12 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 Change 
 
 Cash 
 41,808 
 9,499 
 32,309 
 
 Total Assets 
 680,731 
 9,499 
 671,232 
 
 Total Liabilities 
 1,144,067 
 143,180 
 1,000,887 
 
 Stockholders Deficit 
 (463,336 
 (133,681 
 (329,655 
 
 Working Capital Deficit 
 (1,034,923 
 (133,681 
 (901,242 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had current assets of 79,612 and current liabilities of 1,114,535 The increase in assets and liabilities during
the year ended December 31, 2022 was mainly due to due to the acquisition of an operating entity, MySpray. 

The
Company expects to generate operating cash flow that will be sufficient to fund presently anticipated operations although there can be
no assurance. This raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Therefore, the Company
will need to raise additional funds and is currently exploring alternative sources of financing to supplement expected cash flow. Historically,
the Company has raised capital through private placements, as an interim measure to finance working capital needs and may continue to
raise additional capital through the sale of common stock or other securities and obtaining some short-term loans. The Company will be
required to continue to do so until its operations become profitable. 

The
Company may attempt to raise capital in the near future through the sale of equity or debt financing; however, there can be assurances
the Company will be successful in doing so. There can be no assurance that such additional financing will be available to the Company
on acceptable terms or at all. 

Cash
Flows 

Years Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash used in operating activities 
 (199,165 
 (45,798 
 
 Cash provided by investing activities 
 19,981 
 - 
 
 Cash provided by financing activities 
 209,685 
 41,704 
 
 Effect of exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents 
 1,807 
 - 
 
 Net Change In Cash 
 32,808 
 (4,094 

Operating
Activities 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash used in operating activities was (199,165), compared to net cash used in operating activities
of (45,798) for the period ended December 31, 2021. The increase is attributable to increased operating losses of 296,772 in the 2022
period compared to 2021 offset by an increase in intangible asset amortization of 40,764, and an increase in in net operating assets
and liabilities of 102,642. 

Investing
Activities 

The
Company provided 19,981 and -0- from investing activities for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively which were obtained
through the acquisition of MySpray. 

13 

Financing
Activities 

The
Company realized 209,685 and 41,704 from financing activities during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company received 196,864 from the sale of common stock. 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company received loans from a related parties in the amounts of 12,821 and 41,704,
respectively. 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to select appropriate
accounting policies and to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

We
have no significant off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial
condition, changes in our financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital
resources that are material to our stockholders. 

Contractual
Obligations 

We
are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information under this
item. 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

We
are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information under this
item. 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

The
information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the consolidated financial statements and supplementary data
set forth in Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules of Part IV of this Annual Report. 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

14 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Disclosure
Controls and Procedures 

We maintain disclosure controls and procedures,
as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and Rule 15d-15(e) promulgated under the Exchange Act that are designed to ensure that information required
to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within
the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our senior management,
consisting of David Lazar, Chief Executive Officer, Treasurer and Secretary (Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer),
as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

We carried out an evaluation, under the supervision
and with the participation of our senior management, consisting of David Lazar, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary and Treasurer (Principal
Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer) of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures
as of December 31, 2022. Based on the evaluation of these disclosure controls and procedures, and in light of the material weaknesses
found in our internal controls over financial reporting, David Lazar, Chief Executive Officer, Treasurer and Secretary (Principal Executive
Officer and Principal Financial Officer) concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over
financial reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act as a process designed by, or under the
supervision of, our principal executive and principal financial officers and effected by our Board, management and other personnel, to
provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and includes those policies and
procedures that: 

Pertain
 to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; 

Provide
 reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with
 accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being
 made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and 

Provide
 reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that
 could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation
of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that
the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. All internal control systems, no matter how well designed,
have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect
to financial statement preparation and presentation. Because of the inherent limitations of internal control, there is a risk that material
misstatements may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis by internal control over financial reporting. However, these inherent
limitations are known features of the financial reporting process. Therefore, it is possible to design into the process safeguards to
reduce, though not eliminate, this risk. 

As
of December 31, 2022, our management, consisting of David Lazar, Chief Executive Officer, Treasurer and Secretary (Principal Executive
Officer and Principal Financial Officer, assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria
for effective internal control over financial reporting established in Internal Control--Integrated Framework issued by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO in 2013 and SEC guidance on conducting such assessments.
Based on that evaluation, we believe that, during the period covered by this report, such internal controls and procedures were not effective
to detect the inappropriate application of US GAAP rules as more fully described below. This was due to deficiencies that existed in
the design or operation of our internal controls over financial reporting that adversely affected our internal controls and that may
be considered to be material weaknesses. 

15 

The
matters involving internal controls and procedures that our management considered to be material weaknesses under the standards of the
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board were: (1) lack of a functioning audit committee and a lack of independent directors on our
Board, resulting in ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures; (2) inadequate
segregation of duties consistent with control objectives; and (3) ineffective controls over period end financial disclosure and reporting
processes. The aforementioned material weaknesses were identified by Mr. Lazar, Chief Executive Officer, Treasurer and Secretary (Principal
Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer) in connection with the review of our financial statements as of December 31, 2022. 

Management
believes that the material weaknesses set forth in items (2) and (3) above did not have an effect on our financial results. However,
management believes that the lack of a functioning audit committee and the lack of independent directors on our Board results in ineffective
oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures, which could result in a material misstatement
in our financial statements in future periods. 

Management s
Remediation Initiatives 

In
an effort to remediate the identified material weaknesses and other deficiencies and enhance our internal controls, we have initiated,
or plan to initiate, the following series of measures: 

Assuming
we are able to secure additional working capital, we will create a position to segregate duties consistent with control objectives and
will increase our personnel resources and technical accounting expertise within the accounting function when funds are available to us. 

We
also plan to appoint one or more outside directors to our Board who shall be appointed to an audit committee resulting in a fully functioning
audit committee which will undertake the oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures such
as reviewing and approving estimates and assumptions made by management. 

Management
believes that the appointment of one or more independent directors, who shall be appointed to a fully functioning audit committee, will
remedy the lack of a functioning audit committee and a lack of a majority of independent directors on our Board. 

We
anticipate that these initiatives will be implemented in conjunction with the growth of our business. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with our evaluation we conducted of the
effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, that occurred during our fourth quarter that
has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM
9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

None. 

16 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Officers
and Directors 

Our
officers are elected by the Board to a term of one (1) year and serve until their successor is duly elected and qualified, or until they
are removed from office. The Board has no nominating, auditing or compensation committees. 

The
name, address, age and position of our officers and directors are set forth below: 

NAME AND ADDRESS 
 
 AGE 
 
 POSITION(S) 
 
 DATE OF APPOINTMENT 
 
 David Lazar 
 
 32 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, Treasurer, Secretary and Director 
 
 July 2020 

Business
Experience 

David
Lazar, 32, has been CEO and Chairman of the Company since July, 2020. Mr. Lazar has been a partner at Zenith Partners International since
2013, where he specializes in research and development, sales and marketing. From 2014 through 2015, David was the Chief Executive Officer
of Dico, Inc., which was then sold to Peekay Boutiques. Since February of 2018, Mr. Lazar has been the managing member of Custodian Ventures
LLC, where he specializes in assisting distressed public companies. Since March 2018, David has acted as the managing member of Activist
Investing LLC, which specializes in active investing in distressed public companies. David has a diverse knowledge of financial, legal
and operations management; public company management, accounting, audit preparation, due diligence reviews and SEC regulations. 

Board
Committees 

The
Board has no standing committees. 

Family
Relationships 

Rachel
Martinuik and Nick Martinuik are married. 

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings 

No
executive officer or director of ours has been involved in the last ten years in any of the following: 

Any
 bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business or property of such person, or of which such person was a general partner or
 executive officer either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time; 

Any
 conviction in a criminal proceeding or being subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor
 offenses); 

Being
 subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction,
 permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities
 or banking activities; 

17 

Being
 found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the SEC or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated
 a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated; 

Being
 the subject of or a party to any judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended
 or vacated relating to an alleged violation of any federal or state securities or commodities law or regulation, or any law or regulation
 respecting financial institutions or insurance companies, including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent injunction, order
 of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal or prohibition order,
 or any law or regulation prohibiting mail, fraud, wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or 

Being
 the subject of or a party to any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization
 (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act, any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange
 Act), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons
 associated with a member. 
 
 Compliance
with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act 

Section 16(a) of the Securities and Exchange Act
of 1934 requires the Company s directors and executive officers, and persons who own beneficially more than ten percent (10 of
the Company s Common Stock, to file reports of ownership and changes of ownership with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Copies
of all filed reports are required to be furnished to the Company pursuant to Section 16(a). Upon review, the Company noted that none of
our current officers and director has filed reports required to be filed under Section 16(a). 

Code
of Ethics and Business of Conduct. 

We
currently do not have a code of ethics and business of conduct policy. 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The
following table shows for the period ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the compensation awarded (earned) or paid by the Company to its
named executive officer or the person acting in a similar capacity as that term is defined in Item 402(a)(2) of Regulation S-K. There
are no understandings or agreements regarding compensation that our management will receive after a business combination that is required
to be included in this table, or otherwise. 

Summary
Compensation Table 

Name and Principal Position(1) 
 Year 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus ) 
 Stock 

 Awards ) 

Option 
Awards ) 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) 
 Change in Pension Value and Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ) 
 All
 Other Compensation 

 ) 

Total ) 
 
 David Lazar 
 Chief Executive Officer, Secretary, 
 2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Treasurer and Director 
 2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

18 

Compensation
of Directors 

Our
director is not compensated by us for acting as such. There are no arrangements pursuant to which our sole director is or will be compensated
in the future for any services provided as a director. 

Employment
Contracts, Termination of Employment, Change-in-Control Arrangements 

We
currently have 25 employees, both two of whom are officers and directors of ADOB and MySpray. The other 3 employees are under contractwith
MySpray. They include two therapists and an officer manager. The therapists are paid per patient and therapy, have a thirty day mutual
termination notice requirement and a one-year non-compete clause. Our office manager is paid an annual salary with a thirty day mutual
termination notice requirement. 

There
are no compensation plans or arrangements, including payments to be made by us, with respect to David Lazar, ____, or ____ that would
result from the resignation, retirement or any other termination. 

There
are no arrangements for officers, employees or consultants that would result from a change-in-control. 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The following table sets forth, as of the date
of March 1, 2023, the total number of shares owned beneficially by our sole officer and director, and key employees, individually and
as a group, and the present owners of 5 or more of our total outstanding shares. The table also reflects what his ownership will be
assuming completion of the sale of all shares in this offering. The number and percentage of shares beneficially owned is determined
under rules of the SEC and the information is not necessarily indicative of beneficial ownership for any other purpose. Under such rules,
beneficial ownership includes any shares as to which the individual has sole or shared voting power or investment power and also any
shares which the individual has the right to acquire within 60 days of March 1, 2023, through the exercise of any stock option or other
right. Unless otherwise noted, the persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of Common
Stock shown as beneficially owned by them. As of March 1, 2023 there were 644,889,500 shares outstanding. 

Name 
 Number
of Shares
of Common Stock 
 Percentage 
 
 David Lazar (1) 
 49,000,000 
 7.60 

Nichol Martinuik (2) 
 227,500,000 
 35.27 

Rachel Martinuik (3) 
 227,500,000 
 35.27 

Qatar Consulting Inc. Company (4) 
 69,000,000 
 10.70 

Broadway Creative Consultants Corp. (5) 
 69,000,000 
 10.70 

All executives officers, directors, and beneficial ownership thereof as a group (1 person) 
 49,000,000 
 7.6 

There are no other officers, directors or 5 shareholders. 

(1) His
mailing address is 234 E. Beech St. Long Beach, New York 11561. The shares are held by Activist Investing LLC, of which, Mr. Lazar is
the managing member. 

(2) His
mailing address is 125 Railway Avenue East, Canora, Saskatchewan, Canada, S0A0L0. 

(3) Her
mailing address is 125 Railway Avenue East, Canora, Saskatchewan, Canada, S0A0L0. 

(4) Control
person is Ismail Abdul Fattah. The mailing address is 1105, 510 6th Avenue SE, Calgary Alberta T2G 1L7. 

(5) Control
Person is Bailey Fischl. The mailing address is 628-6 th Street East, Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, Canada S7H1C2. 

19 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Except
as disclosed below, since the beginning of the fiscal year preceding the last fiscal year none of the following persons has had any direct
or indirect material interest in any transaction to which our Company was or is a party, or in any proposed transaction to which our
Company proposes to be a party: 

any
 Director or officer of our Company; 

any
 proposed Director of officer of our Company; 

any
 person who beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, shares carrying more than 5 percent of the voting rights attached to our Common
 Stock; or 

any
 member of the immediate family of any of the foregoing persons (including a spouse, parents, children, siblings, and in-laws). 
 
 During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, related party transactions were as follows: 

Director
Independence 

We
are not subject to listing requirements of any national securities exchange or national securities association and, as a result, we are
not at this time required to have our Board comprised of a majority of Independent Directors. We believe that our director
currently does not meet the definition of independent as promulgated by the rules and regulations of NASDAQ. 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

Audit
Fees 

The
aggregate fees billed since incorporation for professional services rendered by the principal accountant for the audit of our financial
statements and review of financial statements included in our quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and services that are normally provided
by the accountant in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for these fiscal periods were as follows: 

Fee Category 
 Year
Ended December 31, 2022 
 Year
Ended December 31, 2021 
 
 Audit fees (1): 
 63,000 
 14,400 
 
 Total fees 
 63,000 
 14,400 

(1) 
 Audit
 fees consist of fees incurred for professional services rendered for the audit of financial statements, for reviews of our interim
 financial statements included in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and for services that are normally provided in connection with
 statutory or regulatory filings or engagements. 
 
 Audit
Committee Pre-Approval of Audit and Permissible Non-Audit Services of Independent Auditors 

Given
the small size of our Board as well as the limited activities of our Company, our Board acts as our Audit Committee. Our Board pre-approves
all audit and permissible non-audit services. These services may include audit services, audit-related services, tax services, and other
services. Our Board approves these services on a case-by-case basis. 

20 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 F-2 

Balance Sheets 
 
 F-3 

Statements of Operations 
 
 F-4 

Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity 
 
 F-5 

Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 F-6 

Notes to Financial Statements 
 
 F-7 

F- 1 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm 

To the shareholders and the board of directors
of Soul Biotechnology Corporation 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of Soul Biotechnology Corporation as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations, stockholders'
equity (deficit), and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ).
In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December
31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States. 

Substantial Doubt about the Company s
Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3 to the financial statements, the Company has
suffered recurring losses from operations and has a significant accumulated deficit. In addition, the Company continues to experience
negative cash flows from operations. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern.
Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 3. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that
might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audit. We
are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matter 

Critical audit matters are matters arising
from the current-period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee
and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging,
subjective, or complex judgments. 

We determined that there are no critical audit
matters. 

/S/ (PCAOB ID 

We have served as the Company's auditor since
2021 

March 10, 2023 

F- 2 

SOUL BIOTECHNOLOGY CORPORATION 

 Consolidated Balance Sheets 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Current assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable 
 
 - 
 
 Inventory 

Prepaid and other assets 
 
 - 
 
 Total current assets 

Goodwill 
 
 - 
 
 Intangible assets 
 
 - 
 
 Total assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders Deficit 

Current Liabilities 

Accrued payable and accrued liabilities 

Common stock payable 

Due to related parties 

Total current liabilities 

Government loans 
 
 - 
 
 Total liabilities 

Stockholders Deficit 

Common stock, Par Value , shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding of shares as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Additional paid in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 
 
 - 
 
 Total stockholders deficit 

Total liabilities and stockholders deficit 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements 

F- 3 

SOUL BIOTECHNOLOGY CORPORATION 

 Consolidated Statements of Operations 

For the 
Year Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenue, net 

Revenue, net 

Cost of sales 
 
 - 
 
 Gross margin 

Operating expenses 

General and administrative expenses 

Professional fees 

Amortization of intangible assets 
 
 - 
 
 Total operating expenses 

Loss from Operations 

Other income (expense) 

Interest income (expense) 

Total other income (expenses), net 

Loss from operations before income taxes 

Income tax expense 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net Loss 

Basic and diluted loss per share 

Weighted average number of shares outstanding 

Comprehensive loss: 

Net loss 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 
 
 - 
 
 Comprehensive loss 

The accompanying
notes are an integral part of these financial statements 

F- 4 

SOUL BIOTECHNOLOGY CORPORATION 

 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Deficit 

Common Stock 
 Additional 
Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Other Comprehensive 
 Accumulated 
 Total 
Stockholders 

Shares 
 Value 
 Capital 
 Income 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2020 

- 

Net loss 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

- 

Common Stock 
 Additional 
Paid-in 
 Accumulated Other 
Comprehensive 
 Accumulated 
 Total 
Stockholders 

Shares 
 Value 
 Capital 
 Income 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2021 

- 

Shares issued with acquisition of MySpray 

Change in exchange rates 

- 

Net loss 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements 

F- 5 

SOUL BIOTECHNOLOGY CORPORATION 

 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

 (Unaudited) 

For the 
Nine Months Ended 

September 30, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash Flows From Operating Activities 

Net loss 

Amortization of intangible assets 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 
 - 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 
 
 - 
 
 Inventory 
 
 - 
 
 Common stock payable 

Accrued payable and accrued liabilities 

Net cash used in operating
 activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities 

Acquisition of a business net of cash acquired 
 
 - 
 
 Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities 
 
 - 

Cash Flows From Financing Activities 

Common stock payable 

Proceeds from related party loans, net of repayments 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Effect of exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents 

Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents, end of year 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information 

Cash paid for income tax expense 
 - 
 - 
 
 Cash paid for interest expense 
 - 
 - 

The accompanying
notes are an integral part of these financial statements 

F- 6 

SOUL
BIOTECHNOLOGY COPRORATION 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

shares from Ms. Lazar, and shares from Michael Lazar for a total of shares. Based
upon shares outstanding, this effectively gave David Lazar ownership of the Company. Concurrently with the change of
control, David Lazar was appointed as CEO and Director and is currently the only employee, officer, and director of the Company. As a
result of these transactions, the Company become a blank check company. 

On
June 22, 2020, the Company dismissed Michael Gillespie Associates, PLLC Gillespie as its independent registered
public accounting firm who had performed the audit of the Company s 2018 financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2018.
Gillespie s report on the Company s financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2018, did not contain any adverse
opinions or disclaimers of opinion and were not qualified or modified as to uncertainty, audit scope, or accounting principles, except
that such reports included explanatory paragraphs with respect to the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. During
the year ended December 31, 2018, and through June 21, 2020, there were no (a) disagreements (as defined in Item 304(a)(1)(iv) of Regulation
S-K) with Gillespie on any matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure or auditing scope or procedure,
which disagreements, if not resolved to satisfaction, would have caused Gillespie to make reference to the subject matter thereof in
connection with its reports for the period ended 2018 or (b) reportable events, as described under Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K. 

On
June 22 2020, the Company appointed AJSH Co. LLP, a PCOAB registered firm as its independent registered accounting firm who performed
the Company s audit for the period ended December 31, 2019 and has reviewed its financial statements for the three and nine-month
period ended September 30, 2021. 

On
December 29, 2020, the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10-12G was declared effective. 

On February 10, 2022, Soul Inc. ADOB, 
or the Company entered into a share exchange agreement (the Share Exchange Agreement with MySpray Therapeutics
Inc. MySpray ), an Saskatchewan, Canadian corporation, Nichol Martinuik Martinuik and Rachel Martinuik R.
Martinuik ), the sole officers, directors, and shareholders of MySpray, Qatar Consulting Inc. Company Qatar ),
Broadway Creative Consultants Corp. Broadway ), and David Lazar Lazar ), as the sole officer and director
of ADOB and the managing member of Activist Investing LLC. Under the Share Exchange Agreement, One Hundred Percent of the ownership
interest of MySpray was exchanged for (i) shares of common stock of the Company at the Closing, and (ii) an additional 
 shares of common stock of ADOB, issued upon the increase in authorized shares of common stock of ADOB to , each of which is
to be issued to Martinuik, R. Martinuik, Qatar, Broadway, and Activist, pro-rata, in accordance with the Share Exchange Agreement. The
former stockholders of MySpray acquired a majority of the issued and outstanding common stock as a result of the share exchange transaction.
The transaction has been accounted for as a recapitalization of the Company, whereby MySpray is the accounting acquirer. 

On
April 26, 2022, Adorbs Inc. (the Company terminated its engagement with AJSH Co LLP AJSH ), the Registrant s
prior independent registered public accounting firm, and thereafter provided AJSH with its disclosures in the Current Report on Form
8-K disclosing the termination of the engagement of AJSH and requested in writing that AJSH furnish the Company with a letter addressed
to the Securities and Exchange Commission stating whether or not they agree with such disclosures. AJSH s response is filed as
an exhibit to this Current Report on Form 8-K. 

The
auditor reports by AJSH contained in the financial statements of the Company for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, filed as
part of the annual reports on Form 10-K for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, did not contain an adverse opinion or disclaimer
of opinion or were qualified or modified as to uncertainty, audit scope or accounting principles, other than to state that there is substantial
doubt as to the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. There had been no disagreements with AJSH on any matter of accounting
principles or practices, financial statement disclosure, or auditing scope or procedure during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2021
and 2020, nor in the subsequent periods through April 26, 2022. 

On
April 26, 2022, the Board of Directors of the Company engaged BF Borgers CPA PC Borgers as its independent accountant
to provide auditing services for going forward for the Company. The Company has terminated the engagement of AJSH. The decision to hire
Borgers was approved by the Company s Board of Directors. 

The
Company s year-end is December 31. 

All
figures presented in this report are in US dollars unless stated otherwise. 

The
Company expects to generate operating cash flow that will be sufficient to fund presently anticipated operations although there can be
no assurance. This raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Therefore, the Company
will need to raise additional funds and is currently exploring alternative sources of financing to supplement expected cash flow. Historically,
the Company has raised capital through private placements, as an interim measure to finance working capital needs and may continue to
raise additional capital through the sale of common stock or other securities and obtaining some short-term loans. The Company will be
required to continue to do so until its operations become profitable. 

The
Company may attempt to raise capital in the near future through the sale of equity or debt financing; however, there can be assurances
the Company will be successful in doing so. There can be no assurance that such additional financing will be available to the Company
on acceptable terms or at all. 

and , respectively. 

and - -, respectively 

and an accumulated deficit of . 

The
Company expects to generate operating cash flows that will be sufficient to fund presently anticipated operations although there can
be no assurance. This raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Therefore, the Company
will need to raise additional funds and is currently exploring alternative sources of financing to supplement expected cash flow. Historically,
the Company has raised capital through private placements, as an interim measure to finance working capital needs and may continue to
raise additional capital through the sale of common stock or other securities and obtaining some short-term loans. The Company will be
required to continue to do so until its operations become profitable. 

The
Company may attempt to raise capital in the near future through the sale of equity or debt financing; however, there can be assurances
the Company will be successful in doing so. There can be no assurance that such additional financing will be available to the Company
on acceptable terms or at all. 

 of the ownership interest
of MySpray was exchanged for (i) shares of common stock of the Company at the Closing, and (ii) an additional 569,889,500 shares
of common stock of ADOB, issued upon the increase in authorized shares of common stock of ADOB to , each of which is to
be issued to Martinuik, R. Martinuik, Qatar, Broadway, and Activist, pro-rata, in accordance with the Share Exchange Agreement. As of
the date of this Report, none of the shares had been issued. The former stockholders of MySpray acquired a majority of the
issued and outstanding common stock as a result of the share exchange transaction. The transaction has been accounted for as a recapitalization
of the Company, whereby MySpray is the accounting acquirer. 

For
the acquisition of MySpray the following table summarizes the acquisition date fair value of the consideration paid, identifiable assets
acquired and liabilities assumed: 

Consideration
paid 

Net liabilities assumed 

Fair value of total consideration paid 

Net
assets acquired and liabilities assumed 

Accounts receivable 

Inventory 

Other assets 

Total assets 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Government of Canada loan 

Total liabilities 

Net liabilities assumed 

The
Company has allocated the fair value of the total consideration paid of to goodwill and to intangible assets
with a life of three years. The value of goodwill represents MySpray s ability to generate profitable operations going forward.
Management estimated the provisional fair values of the intangible assets and goodwill at February 10, 2022. 

. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded 
in amortization expense. As discussed in Note 4, the intangible assets have been valued based on provisional estimates of fair value
and are subject to change as the Company completes its valuation assessment by the completion of the one-year measurement period. Amortization
for the following fiscal years is estimated to be: 2023 - ; and 2024 - , 2025 - . 

in the form of interest-free demand loans compared to during the
period ended December 31, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company s officers have advanced , to the Company. 

Additionally,
an officer of MySpray owns the laboratory building that the Company occupies. He rents this facility to MySpray based on a verbal, month-to-month
agreement. MySpray pays approximately annually in rent. The Company believes that this rent expense is reasonable and comparable
to the rent that would be charged to a third party. 

shares
of par value common stock. As of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, a total of and shares
of common stock were issued and outstanding, respectively. 

As
of the date of this report, the Company had numerous shares issuable as part of the February 10, 2022 Share Exchange and for private
placements accepted from investors during the year ended December 31, 2022. Since the Company has delayed issuing these shares the associated
value of the shares has been recorded as a liability on the Company s, Balance sheet. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31,
2021 the balance of Common Stock Payable was and - -, respectively. 

The
amount of 843,878 is comprised of the following elements: 

shares
 are issuable pursuant to the terms of the share Exchange Agreement. These shares were valued at a par value of , or 

During
 the three months ended June 30, 2022 the Company raised , net, from sale of shares to seven investors
 at average sale price of these shares was Cad per share, and the repurchase of 24,000,000 shares at an average price
 of Cad. 

shares
 are issuable to a consultant valued at 0.012854 per share valued at . The share price of is equivalent to
 the average purchase price of the Company s recently completed private placements and repurchase of shares noted above. 
 
 None
of the above-mentioned shares have been issued or retired as of December 31, 2022. 

shares related
to the Share Exchange Agreement -see Note 7. Common Stock and Common Stock Payable. These shares were valued at a par value of ,
or . 

F- 14 

The
following exhibits are included as part of this report: 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 
 
 21.1 
 
 List
 of Subsidiaries 

31.1/
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Accounting and Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and Rule 13a-14(A) or 15d-14(A) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

32.1/
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Accounting and Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Document Set for the financial statements and accompanying notes in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary
 Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

104 
 
 Inline
 XBRL for the cover page of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, included in the Exhibit 101 Inline XBRL Document Set. 

filed
herewith 

ITEM
16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None. 

21 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report
to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

SOUL BIOTECHNOLOGY CORPORATION 

Dated: March
 13, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ David Lazar 

Name: 
 David Lazar 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer, Treasurer and Secretary 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this report has been signed below by the following persons on
behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ David Lazar 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, Treasurer, Secretary and Director 
 
 March
 13, 2023 
 
 David Lazar 

(Principal Executive Officer, Principal 

 Accounting and Financial Officer) 

22 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 soulbiotech_ex21-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 21.1

EXHIBIT
21.1 

MySpray
Therapeutics Inc. 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 soulbiotech_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1; EXHIBIT 31.2

EXHIBIT
31.1/31.2 

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 AND
PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT AND RULE 13A-14(A) 

 OR
15D-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

I, David Lazar, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Soul Biotechnology Corporation; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 I
 am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have; 

(a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

(d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the most recent
 quarter (the registrant s fourth quarter) covered by this report that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
 affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 I
 have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
 and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weakness in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

(b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 March 13, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 David Lazar 

David
 Lazar 

Chief
 Executive Officer, Treasurer and Secretary 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer, Principal 
 Accounting
 and Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 soulbiotech_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1; EXHIBIT 32.2

EXHIBIT 32.1/32.2 

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND PRINCIPAL 

 ACCOUNTING
AND FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual
Report on Form 10-K of Soul Biotechnology Corporation (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, David Lazar, Chief Executive Officer, Treasurer
and Secretary of the Company, certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that; 

(1) 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Company. 

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company
and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

Date:
 March 13, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ David Lazar 

David Lazar

Chief
Executive Officer, Treasurer and Secretary 
 (Principal
Executive Officer and Principal 
Accounting and Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 adob-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 adob-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 adob-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 adob-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

