<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230223_10-K_edgar_data_1383650_0001383650-23-000008.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>13982748</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>383196</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2056497</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5221100</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3150584</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2903926</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001383650-23-000008.hdr.sgml : 20230223
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230222192852
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001383650-23-000008
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		110
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230223
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230222

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Cheniere Energy Partners, L.P.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001383650
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATURAL GAS DISTRIBUTION [4924]
		IRS NUMBER:				205913059
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33366
		FILM NUMBER:		23655391

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		700 MILAM ST.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1900
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77002
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(713) 375-5000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		700 MILAM ST.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1900
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77002

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001383650-23-000008.txt : 20230223

10-K
 1
 cqp-20221231.htm
 10-K

cqp-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the registrant s common units held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately billion as of June 30, 2022. 
 As of February 17, 2023, the registrant had common units outstanding. 
 Documents incorporated by reference: 

CHENIERE ENERGY PARTNERS, L.P. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I 
 Items 1. and 2. Business and Properties 
 4 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 13 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 27 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 28 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosure 
 28 
 PART II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Unitholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 29 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 29 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 30 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 45 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 46 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 82 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 82 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 82 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections 
 82 
 PART III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers of Our General Partner and Corporate Governance 
 83 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 88 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management, and Related Unitholder Matters 
 90 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 93 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 94 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 96 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 112 
 Signatures 
 113 

i 

Table of Contents 

DEFINITIONS 
 
 As used in this annual report, the terms listed below have the following meanings: 
 
 Common Industry and Other Terms 
 ASU Accounting Standards Update Bcf billion cubic feet Bcf/d billion cubic feet per day Bcf/yr billion cubic feet per year Bcfe billion cubic feet equivalent DOE U.S. Department of Energy EPC engineering, procurement and construction FASB Financial Accounting Standards Board FERC Federal Energy Regulatory Commission FTA countries countries with which the United States has a free trade agreement providing for national treatment for trade in natural gas GAAP generally accepted accounting principles in the United States Henry Hub the final settlement price (in USD per MMBtu) for the New York Mercantile Exchange s Henry Hub natural gas futures contract for the month in which a relevant cargo s delivery window is scheduled to begin IPM agreements integrated production marketing agreements in which the gas producer sells to us gas on a global LNG index price, less a fixed liquefaction fee, shipping and other costs LIBOR London Interbank Offered Rate LNG liquefied natural gas, a product of natural gas that, through a refrigeration process, has been cooled to a liquid state, which occupies a volume that is approximately 1/600th of its gaseous state MMBtu million British thermal units; one British thermal unit measures the amount of energy required to raise the temperature of one pound of water by one degree Fahrenheit mtpa million tonnes per annum non-FTA countries countries with which the United States does not have a free trade agreement providing for national treatment for trade in natural gas and with which trade is permitted SEC U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SPA LNG sale and purchase agreement TBtu trillion British thermal units; one British thermal unit measures the amount of energy required to raise the temperature of one pound of water by one degree Fahrenheit 
 Train an industrial facility comprised of a series of refrigerant compressor loops used to cool natural gas into LNG TUA terminal use agreement 

1 

Table of Contents 

Abbreviated Legal Entity Structure 
 
 The following diagram depicts our abbreviated legal entity structure as of December 31, 2022, including our ownership of certain subsidiaries, and the references to these entities used in this annual report: 
 
 Unless the context requires otherwise, references to CQP, the Partnership, we, us and our refer to Cheniere Energy Partners, L.P. and its consolidated subsidiaries, including SPLNG, SPL and CTPL. 

2 

Table of Contents 
 CAUTIONARY STATEMENT 
 REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This annual report contains certain statements that are, or may be deemed to be, forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). All statements, other than statements of historical or present facts or conditions, included herein or incorporated herein by reference are forward-looking statements. Included among forward-looking statements are, among other things: 
 statements regarding our ability to pay distributions to our unitholders; 
 statements regarding our expected receipt of cash distributions from SPLNG, SPL or CTPL; 
 statements that we expect to commence or complete construction of our proposed LNG terminal, liquefaction facility, pipeline facility or other projects, or any expansions or portions thereof, by certain dates, or at all; 
 statements regarding future levels of domestic and international natural gas production, supply or consumption or future levels of LNG imports into or exports from North America and other countries worldwide or purchases of natural gas, regardless of the source of such information, or the transportation or other infrastructure or demand for and prices related to natural gas, LNG or other hydrocarbon products; 
 statements regarding any financing transactions or arrangements, or our ability to enter into such transactions; 
 statements regarding our future sources of liquidity and cash requirements; 
 statements relating to the construction of our Trains, including statements concerning the engagement of any EPC contractor or other contractor and the anticipated terms and provisions of any agreement with any EPC or other contractor, and anticipated costs related thereto; 
 statements regarding any SPA or other agreement to be entered into or performed substantially in the future, including any revenues anticipated to be received and the anticipated timing thereof, and statements regarding the amounts of total LNG regasification, natural gas liquefaction or storage capacities that are, or may become, subject to contracts; 
 statements regarding counterparties to our commercial contracts, construction contracts and other contracts; 
 statements regarding our planned development and construction of additional Trains, including the financing of such Trains; 
 statements that our Trains, when completed, will have certain characteristics, including amounts of liquefaction capacities; 
 statements regarding our business strategy, our strengths, our business and operation plans or any other plans, forecasts, projections, or objectives, including anticipated revenues, capital expenditures, maintenance and operating costs and cash flows, any or all of which are subject to change; 
 statements regarding legislative, governmental, regulatory, administrative or other public body actions, approvals, requirements, permits, applications, filings, investigations, proceedings or decisions; 
 any other statements that relate to non-historica l or future information; and 
 other factors described in Item 1A. Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 All of these types of statements, other than statements of historical or present facts or conditions, are forward-looking statements. In some cases, forward-looking statements can be identified by terminology such as may, will, could, should, achieve, anticipate, believe, contemplate, continue, estimate, expect, intend, plan, potential, predict, project, pursue, target, the negative of such terms or other comparable terminology. The forward-looking statements contained in this annual report are largely based on our expectations, which reflect estimates and assumptions made by our management. These estimates and assumptions reflect our best judgment based on currently known market conditions and other factors. Although we believe that such estimates are reasonable, they are inherently uncertain and involve a number of risks and uncertainties beyond our control. In addition, assumptions may prove to be inaccurate. We caution that the forward-looking statements contained in this annual report are not guarantees of future performance and that such statements may not be realized or the forward-looking statements or events may not occur. Actual results may differ materially from those anticipated or implied in forward-looking statements as a result of a variety of factors described in this annual report and in the other reports and other information that we file with the SEC. All forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by these risk factors. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date made, and other than as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement or provide reasons why actual results may differ, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 

3 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 

ITEMS 1. AND 2. BUSINESS AND PROPERTIES 

General 
 
 We are a publicly traded Delaware limited partnership formed in 2006 by Cheniere. We provide clean, secure and affordable LNG to integrated energy companies, utilities and energy trading companies around the world. We aspire to conduct our business in a safe and responsible manner, delivering a reliable, competitive and integrated source of LNG to our customers. 
 
 LNG is natural gas (methane) in liquid form. The LNG we produce is shipped all over the world, turned back into natural gas (called regasification and then transported via pipeline to homes and businesses and used as an energy source that is essential for heating, cooking and other industrial uses. Natural gas is a cleaner-burning, abundant and affordable source of energy. When LNG is converted back to natural gas, it can be used instead of coal, which reduces the amount of pollution traditionally produced from burning fossil fuels, like sulfur dioxide and particulate matter that enters the air we breathe. Additionally, compared to coal, it produces significantly fewer carbon emissions. By liquefying natural gas, we are able to reduce its volume by 600 times so that we can load it onto special LNG carriers designed to keep the LNG cold and in liquid form for efficient transport overseas. 
 
 We own a natural gas liquefaction and export facility located in Cameron Parish, Louisiana at Sabine Pass (the Sabine Pass LNG Terminal ), one of the largest LNG production facilities in the world, which has six operational Trains, with Train 6 having achieved substantial completion on February 4, 2022, for a total operational production capacity of approximately 30 mtpa of LNG (the Liquefaction Project ). The Sabine Pass LNG Terminal also has three marine berths, with the third berth having achieved substantial completion on October 27, 2022, two of which can accommodate vessels with nominal capacity of up to 266,000 cubic meters and the third berth which can accommodate vessels with nominal capacity of up to 200,000 cubic meters, and operational regasification facilities that include five LNG storage tanks with aggregate capacity of approximately 17 Bcfe and vaporizers with total regasification capacity of approximately 4 Bcf/d. We also own a 94-mile pipeline through our subsidiary, CTPL, that interconnects our facilities to several large interstate and intrastate pipelines (the Creole Trail Pipeline ). 
 
 Our long-term customer arrangements form the foundation of our business and provide us with significant, stable, long-term cash flows. We have contracted most of our anticipated production capacity under SPAs, in which our customers are generally required to pay a fixed fee with respect to the contracted volumes irrespective of their election to cancel or suspend deliveries of LNG cargoes, and under IPM agreements, in which the gas producer sells natural gas to us on a global LNG index price, less a fixed liquefaction fee, shipping and other costs. Through our SPAs and IPM agreement, we have contracted approximately 85 of the total production capacity from the Liquefaction Project with approximately 15 years of weighted average remaining life as of December 31, 2022. For further discussion of the contracted future cash flows under our revenue arrangements, see Liquidity and Capital Resources in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 We remain focused on safety, operational excellence and customer satisfaction. Increasing demand for LNG has allowed us to expand our liquefaction infrastructure in a financially disciplined manner. We have increased available liquefaction capacity at our Liquefaction Project as a result of debottlenecking and other optimization projects. We hold a significant land position at the Sabine Pass LNG Terminal, which provides opportunity for further liquefaction capacity expansion. The development of this site or other projects, including infrastructure projects in support of natural gas supply and LNG demand, will require, among other things, acceptable commercial and financing arrangements before we make a positive final investment decision. 

4 

Table of Contents 

 Our Business Strategy 
 
 Our primary business strategy is to develop, construct and operate assets to meet our long-term customers energy demands. We plan to implement our strategy by: 
 safely, efficiently and reliably operating and maintaining our assets, including our Trains; 
 procuring natural gas and pipeline transport capacity to our facility; 
 commencing commercial delivery for our long-term SPA customers, of which we have initiated for eight of eleven third party long-term SPA customers as of December 31, 2022; 
 maximizing the production of LNG to serve our customers and generating steady and stable revenues and operating cash flows; 
 optimizing the Liquefaction Project by leveraging existing infrastructure; 
 maintaining a prudent and cost-effective capital structure; and 
 strategically identifying actionable environmental solutions. 

Our Business 
 
 Below is a discussion of our operations. For further discussion of our contractual obligations and cash requirements related to these operations, refer to Liquidity and Capital Resources in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 Liquefaction Facilities 
 
 The Liquefaction Project, as described above under the caption General , is one of the largest LNG production facilities in the world with six Trains and three marine berths. 
 
 The following summarizes the volumes of natural gas for which we have received approvals from FERC to site, construct and operate the Liquefaction Project and the orders we have received from the DOE authorizing the export of domestically produced LNG by vessel from the Sabine Pass LNG Terminal through December 31, 2050: 
 FERC Approved Volume DOE Approved Volume (in Bcf/yr) (in mtpa) (in Bcf/yr) (in mtpa) FTA countries 1,661.94 33 1,661.94 33 Non-FTA countries 1,661.94 33 1,661.94 33 
 
 Natural Gas Supply, Transportation and Storage 
 
 SPL has secured natural gas feedstock for the Sabine Pass LNG Terminal through long-term natural gas supply agreements, including an IPM agreement. Additionally, to ensure that SPL is able to transport natural gas feedstock to the Sabine Pass LNG Terminal and manage inventory levels, it has entered into firm pipeline transportation and storage contracts with third parties. 
 Regasification Facilities 
 
 The Sabine Pass LNG Terminal, as described above under the caption General , has operational regasification capacity of approximately 4 Bcf/d and aggregate LNG storage capacity of approximately 17 Bcfe. SPLNG has a long-term, third party TUA for 1 Bcf/d with TotalEnergies Gas Power North America, Inc. TotalEnergies ), under which TotalEnergies is required to pay fixed monthly fees, whether or not it uses the regasification capacity they have reserved. Prior to its cancellation effective December 31, 2022, SPLNG also had a TUA for 1 Bcf/d with Chevron. Approximately 2 Bcf/d of the remaining capacity has been reserved under a TUA by SPL. SPL also has a partial TUA assignment agreement with TotalEnergies, as further described in Note 13 Revenues of our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 Customers 
 
 Information regarding our customer contracts can be found in Liquidity and Capital Resources in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 The following table shows customers with revenues of 10 or greater of total revenues from external customers: 
 Percentage of Total Revenues from External Customers Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 BG Gulf Coast LNG, LLC and affiliates 
 22 24 24 GAIL (India) Limited 
 15 17 18 Korea Gas Corporation 
 15 17 17 Naturgy LNG GOM, Limited 
 15 16 15 TotalEnergies Gas Power North America, Inc. 
 10 11 11 
 
 All of the above customers contribute to our LNG revenues through SPA contracts. 
 
 Governmental Regulation 
 
 The Sabine Pass LNG Terminal and the Creole Trail Pipeline are subject to extensive regulation under federal, state and local statutes, rules, regulations and laws. These laws require that we engage in consultations with appropriate federal and state agencies and that we obtain and maintain applicable permits and other authorizations. These rigorous regulatory requirements increase the cost of construction and operation, and failure to comply with such laws could result in substantial penalties and/or loss of necessary authorizations. 
 
 Federal Energy Regulatory Commission 
 
 The design, construction, operation, maintenance and expansion of the Sabine Pass LNG Terminal, the import or export of LNG and the purchase and transportation of natural gas in interstate commerce through the Creole Trail Pipeline are highly regulated activities subject to the jurisdiction of the FERC pursuant to the Natural Gas Act of 1938, as amended (the NGA ). Under the NGA, the FERC s jurisdiction generally extends to the transportation of natural gas in interstate commerce, to the sale for resale of natural gas in interstate commerce, to natural gas companies engaged in such transportation or sale and to the construction, operation, maintenance and expansion of LNG terminals and interstate natural gas pipelines. 
 
 The FERC s authority to regulate interstate natural gas pipelines and the services that they provide generally includes regulation of: 
 rates and charges, and terms and conditions for natural gas transportation, storage and related services; 
 the certification and construction of new facilities and modification of existing facilities; 
 the extension and abandonment of services and facilities; 
 the administration of accounting and financial reporting regulations, including the maintenance of accounts and records; 
 the acquisition and disposition of facilities; 
 the initiation and discontinuation of services; and 
 various other matters. 
 Under the NGA, our pipeline is not permitted to unduly discriminate or grant undue preference as to rates or the terms and conditions of service to any shipper, including its own marketing affiliate. Those rates, terms and conditions must be public, and on file with the FERC. In contrast to pipeline regulation, the FERC does not require LNG terminal owners to provide open-access services at cost-based or regulated rates. Although the provisions that codified the FERC s policy in this area expired on January 1, 2015, we see no indication that the FERC intends to change its policy in this area. On February 18, 2022, the FERC updated its 1999 Policy Statement on certification of new interstate natural gas facilities and the framework for the FERC s decision-making process, modifying the standards FERC uses to evaluate applications to include, among other 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 things, reasonably foreseeable greenhouse gas emissions that may be attributable to the project and the project s impact on environmental justice communities. On March 24, 2022, the FERC pulled back the Policy Statement, re-issued it as a draft and it remains pending. At this time, we do not expect it to have a material adverse effect on our operations. 
 
 We are permitted to make sales of natural gas for resale in interstate commerce pursuant to a blanket marketing certificate granted by the FERC with the issuance of our Certificate of Public Convenience and Necessity to our marketing affiliates. Our sales of natural gas will be affected by the availability, terms and cost of pipeline transportation. As noted above, the price and terms of access to pipeline transportation are subject to extensive federal and state regulation. 
 
 In order to site, construct and operate the Sabine Pass LNG Terminal, we received and are required to maintain authorizations from the FERC under Section 3 of the NGA as well as other material governmental and regulatory approvals and permits. The Energy Policy Act of 2005 (the EPAct amended Section 3 of the NGA to establish or clarify the FERC s exclusive authority to approve or deny an application for the siting, construction, expansion or operation of LNG terminals, unless specifically provided otherwise in the EPAct, amendments to the NGA. For example, nothing in the EPAct amendments to the NGA were intended to affect otherwise applicable law related to any other federal agency s authorities or responsibilities related to LNG terminals or those of a state acting under federal law. 
 
 The FERC issued its final Order Granting Section 3 Authority Order in April 2012 approving our application for an order under Section 3 of the NGA authorizing the siting, construction and operation of Trains 1 through 4 of the Liquefaction Project (and related facilities). Subsequently, in May 2012, the FERC issued written approval to commence site preparation work for Trains 1 through 4. In October 2012, we applied to amend the FERC approval to reflect certain modifications to the Liquefaction Project, and in August 2013, the FERC issued an Order approving the modifications. In October 2013, we applied to further amend the FERC approval, requesting authorization to increase the total permitted LNG production capacity of Trains 1 through 4 from the then authorized 803 Bcf/yr to 1,006 Bcf/yr so as to more accurately reflect the estimated maximum LNG production capacity of Trains 1 through 4. In February 2014, the FERC issued an order approving the October 2013 application (the February 2014 Order ). A party to the proceeding requested a rehearing of the February 2014 Order, and in September 2014, the FERC issued an order denying the rehearing request (the FERC Order Denying Rehearing ). The party petitioned the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit (the Court of Appeals to review the February 2014 Order and the FERC Order Denying Rehearing. The court denied the petition in June 2016. In September 2013, we filed an application with the FERC for authorization to add Trains 5 and 6 to the Liquefaction Project, which was granted by the FERC in an Order issued in April 2015 and an Order denying rehearing issued in June 2015. These Orders are not subject to appellate court review. In October of 2018, SPL applied to the FERC for authorization to add a third marine berth to the Liquefaction Project, which FERC approved in February of 2020. FERC issued written approval to commence site preparation work for the third berth in June 2020. 
 
 The Creole Trail Pipeline, which interconnects with the Sabine Pass LNG Terminal, holds a certificate of public convenience and necessity from the FERC under Section 7 of the NGA. The FERC s approval under Section 7 of the NGA, as well as several other material governmental and regulatory approvals and permits, is required prior to making any modifications to the Creole Trail Pipeline as it is a regulated, interstate natural gas pipeline. In February 2013, the FERC approved CTPL s application for authorization to construct, own, operate and maintain certain new facilities in order to enable bi-directional natural gas flow on the Creole Trail Pipeline system to allow for the delivery of up to 1,530,000 Dekatherms per day of feed gas to the Sabine Pass LNG Terminal. In November 2013, CTPL received approval from the Louisiana Department of Environmental Quality LDEQ for the proposed modifications and construction was completed in 2015. In September 2013, as part of the Application for Trains 5 and 6, we filed an application with the FERC for authorization to construct and operate an extension and expansion of Creole Trail Pipeline and related facilities in order to deliver additional domestic natural gas supplies to the Sabine Pass LNG Terminal, which was granted by the FERC in an order issued in April 2015 and an order denying rehearing issued in June 2015. These orders are not subject to appellate court review. 
 On September 27, 2019, SPL filed a request with the FERC pursuant to Section 3 of the NGA, requesting authorization to increase the total LNG production capacity of the terminal from currently authorized levels to an amount which reflects more accurately the capacity of the facility based on enhancements during the engineering, design and construction process, as well as operational experience to date. The requested authorizations do not involve construction of new facilities. Corresponding applications for authorization to export the incremental volumes were also submitted to the DOE. The DOE issued Orders granting authorization to export LNG to FTA countries in April 2020 and to non-FTA countries in March 2022. In October 2021, the FERC issued its Orders Amending Authorization under Section 3 of the NGA. In March 2022, the DOE authorized 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 the export of an additional 152.64 Bcf/yr of domestically produced LNG by vessel from the Sabine Pass LNG Terminal through December 31, 2050 to non-FTA countries, that were previously authorized for FTA countries only. 
 The FERC s Standards of Conduct apply to interstate pipelines that conduct transmission transactions with an affiliate that engages in natural gas marketing functions. The general principles of the FERC Standards of Conduct are: (1) independent functioning, which requires transmission function employees to function independently of marketing function employees; (2) no-conduit rule, which prohibits passing transmission function information to marketing function employees; and (3) transparency, which imposes posting requirements to detect undue preference due to the improper disclosure of non-public transmission function information. We have established the required policies, procedures and training to comply with the FERC s Standards of Conduct. 
 
 All of our FERC construction, operation, reporting, accounting and other regulated activities are subject to audit by the FERC, which may conduct routine or special inspections and issue data requests designed to ensure compliance with FERC rules, regulations, policies and procedures. The FERC s jurisdiction under the NGA allows it to impose civil and criminal penalties for any violations of the NGA and any rules, regulations or orders of the FERC up to approximately 1.3 million per day per violation, including any conduct that violates the NGA s prohibition against market manipulation. 
 
 Several other material governmental and regulatory approvals and permits are required throughout the life of our LNG terminal and the Creole Trail Pipeline. In addition, our FERC orders require us to comply with certain ongoing conditions, reporting obligations and maintain other regulatory agency approvals throughout the life of our LNG terminal and Creole Trail Pipeline. For example, throughout the life of our LNG terminal and the Creole Trail Pipeline, we are subject to regular reporting requirements to the FERC, the Department of Transportation s DOT Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration PHMSA and applicable federal and state regulatory agencies regarding the operation and maintenance of our facilities. To date, we have been able to obtain and maintain required approvals as needed, and the need for these approvals and reporting obligations have not materially affected our construction or operations. 
 
 DOE Export Licenses 
 
 The DOE has authorized the export of domestically produced LNG by vessel from the Sabine Pass LNG Terminal as discussed in Liquefaction Facilities. Although it is not expected to occur, the loss of an export authorization could be a force majeure event under our SPAs. 
 
 Under Section 3 of the NGA applications for exports of natural gas to FTA countries, which allow for national treatment for trade in natural gas, are deemed to be consistent with the public interest and shall be granted by the DOE without modification or delay. FTA countries currently recognized by the DOE for exports of LNG include Australia, Bahrain, Canada, Chile, Colombia, Dominican Republic, El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras, Jordan, Mexico, Morocco, Nicaragua, Oman, Panama, Peru, Republic of Korea and Singapore. FTAs with Israel and Costa Rica do not require national treatment for trade in natural gas. Applications for export of LNG to non-FTA countries are considered by the DOE in a notice and comment proceeding whereby the public and other interveners are provided the opportunity to comment and may assert that such authorization would not be consistent with the public interest. 
 
 Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration 
 
 Our LNG terminal as well as the Creole Trail Pipeline are subject to regulation by PHMSA. PHMSA is authorized by the applicable pipeline safety laws to establish minimum safety standards for certain pipelines and LNG facilities. The regulatory standards PHMSA has established are applicable to the design, installation, testing, construction, operation, maintenance and management of natural gas and hazardous liquid pipeline facilities and LNG facilities that affect interstate or foreign commerce. PHMSA has also established training, worker qualification and reporting requirements. 
 PHMSA performs inspections of pipeline and LNG facilities and has authority to undertake enforcement actions, including issuance of civil penalties up to approximately 258,000 per day per violation, with a maximum administrative civil penalty of approximately 2.6 million for any related series of violations. 
 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Other Governmental Permits, Approvals and Authorizations 
 
 Construction and operation of the Sabine Pass LNG Terminal requires additional permits, orders, approvals and consultations to be issued by various federal and state agencies, including the DOT, U.S. Army Corps of Engineers USACE ), U.S. Department of Commerce, National Marine Fisheries Service, U.S. Department of the Interior, U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (the EPA ), U.S. Department of Homeland Security and the LDEQ. 
 The USACE issues its permits under the authority of the Clean Water Act CWA (Section 404) and the Rivers and Harbors Act (Section 10). The EPA administers the Clean Air Act CAA ), and has delegated authority to the LDEQ to issue the Title V Operating Permit (the Title V Permit and the Prevention of Significant Deterioration Permit (the PSD Permit ). These two permits are issued by the LDEQ for the Sabine Pass LNG Terminal and CTPL. 
 
 Commodity Futures Trading Commission CFTC 
 
 The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the Dodd-Frank Act amended the Commodity Exchange Act to provide for federal regulation of the over-the-counter derivatives market and entities, such as us, that participate in those markets. The CFTC has enacted a number of regulations pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Act, including the speculative position limit rules. Given the recent enactment of the speculative position limit rules, as well as the impact of other rules and regulations under the Dodd-Frank Act, the impact of such rules and regulations on our business continues to be uncertain, but is not expected to be material. 
 
 As required by the Dodd-Frank Act, the CFTC and federal banking regulators also adopted rules requiring Swap Dealers (as defined in the Dodd-Frank Act), including those that are regulated financial institutions, to collect initial and/or variation margin with respect to uncleared swaps from their counterparties that are financial end users, registered swap dealers or major swap participants. These rules do not require collection of margin from non-financial-entity end users who qualify for the end user exception from the mandatory clearing requirement or from non-financial end users or certain other counterparties in certain instances. We qualify as a non-financial-entity end user with respect to the swaps that we enter into to hedge our commercial risks. 
 
 Pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Act, the CFTC adopted additional anti-manipulation and anti-disruptive trading practices regulations that prohibit, among other things, manipulative, deceptive or fraudulent schemes or material misrepresentation in the futures, options, swaps and cash markets. In addition, separate from the Dodd-Frank Act, our use of futures and options on commodities is subject to the Commodity Exchange Act and CFTC regulations, as well as the rules of futures exchanges on which any of these instruments are executed. Should we violate any of these laws and regulations, we could be subject to a CFTC or an exchange enforcement action and material penalties, possibly resulting in changes in the rates we can charge. 
 
 Environmental Regulation 
 
 The Sabine Pass LNG Terminal is subject to various federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment and natural resources. These environmental laws and regulations can affect the cost and output of operations and may impose substantial penalties for non-compliance and substantial liabilities for pollution, as further described in the risk factor Existing and future safety, environmental and similar laws and governmental regulations could result in increased compliance costs or additional operating costs or construction costs and restrictions in Risks Relating to Regulations within Item 1A. Risk Factors. Many of these laws and regulations, such as those noted below, restrict or prohibit impacts to the environment or the types, quantities and concentration of substances that can be released into the environment and can lead to substantial administrative, civil and criminal fines and penalties for non-compliance. 
 
 Clean Air Act 
 
 The Sabine Pass LNG Terminal is subject to the federal CAA and comparable state and local laws. We may be required to incur certain capital expenditures over the next several years for air pollution control equipment in connection with maintaining or obtaining permits and approvals addressing air emission-related issues. We do not believe, however, that our operations, or the construction and operations of our liquefaction facilities, will be materially and adversely affected by any such requirements. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 On February 28, 2022, the EPA removed a stay of formaldehyde standards in the National Emission Standards for Hazardous Air Pollutants NESHAP Subpart YYYY for stationary combustion turbines located at major sources of hazardous air pollutant HAP emissions. Owners and operators of lean remix gas-fired turbines and diffusion flame gas-fired turbines at major sources of HAP that were installed after January 14, 2003 were required to comply with NESHAP Subpart YYYY by March 9, 2022. We do not believe that our operations, or the construction and operations of our liquefaction facilities, will be materially and adversely affected by such regulatory actions. 
 
 We are supportive of regulations reducing greenhouse gas GHG emissions over time. Since 2009, the EPA has promulgated and finalized multiple GHG emissions regulations related to reporting and reductions of GHG emissions from our facilities. The EPA has proposed additional new regulations to reduce methane emissions from both new and existing sources within the Crude Oil and Natural Gas source category that impact our assets and our supply chain. 
 
 From time to time, Congress has considered proposed legislation directed at reducing GHG emissions. On August 16, 2022, President Biden signed H.R. 5376(P.L. 117-169), the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 IRA which includes a charge on methane emissions above a certain threshold for facilities that report their GHG emissions under the EPA s Greenhouse Gas Emissions Reporting Program GHGRP Part 98 Subpart W regulations. The charge starts at 900 per metric ton of methane in 2024, 1,200 per metric ton in 2025, and increasing to 1,500 per metric ton in 2026 and beyond. At this time, we do not expect it to have a material adverse effect on our operations, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 Coastal Zone Management Act CZMA 
 
 The siting and construction of the Sabine Pass LNG Terminal within the coastal zone is subject to the requirements of the CZMA. The CZMA is administered by the states (in Louisiana, by the Department of Natural Resources and in Texas by the General Land Office). This program is implemented to ensure that impacts to coastal areas are consistent with the intent of the CZMA to manage the coastal areas. 
 
 Clean Water Act 
 
 The Sabine Pass LNG Terminal is subject to the federal CWA and analogous state and local laws. The CWA imposes strict controls on the discharge of pollutants into the navigable waters of the United States, including discharges of wastewater and storm water runoff and fill/discharges into waters of the United States. Permits must be obtained prior to discharging pollutants into state and federal waters. The CWA is administered by the EPA, the USACE and by the states (in Louisiana, by the LDEQ). The CWA regulatory programs, including the Section 404 dredge and fill permitting program and Section 401 water quality certification program carried out by the states, are frequently the subject of shifting agency interpretations and legal challenges, which at times can result in permitting delays. 
 
 Resource Conservation and Recovery Act RCRA 
 
 The federal RCRA and comparable state statutes govern the generation, handling and disposal of solid and hazardous wastes and require corrective action for releases into the environment. When such wastes are generated in connection with the operations of our facilities, we are subject to regulatory requirements affecting the handling, transportation, treatment, storage and disposal of such wastes. 
 
 Protection of Species, Habitats and Wetlands 
 
 Various federal and state statutes, such as the Endangered Species Act, the Migratory Bird Treaty Act, the CWA and the Oil Pollution Act, prohibit certain activities that may adversely affect endangered or threatened animal, fish and plant species and/or their designated habitats, wetlands, or other natural resources. If the Sabine Pass LNG Terminal or the Creole Trail Pipeline adversely affect a protected species or its habitat, we may be required to develop and follow a plan to avoid those impacts. In that case, siting, construction or operation may be delayed or restricted and cause us to incur increased costs. 
 
 It is not possible at this time to predict how future regulations or legislation may address protection of species, habitats and wetlands and impact our business. However, we do not believe that our operations, or the construction and operations of the Sabine Pass LNG Terminal, will be materially and adversely affected by such regulatory actions. 
 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 Market Factors and Competition 
 
 Market Factors 
 
 Our ability to enter into additional long-term SPAs to underpin the development of additional Trains, sale of LNG by Cheniere Marketing or development of new projects is subject to market factors. These factors include changes in worldwide supply and demand for natural gas, LNG and substitute products, the relative prices for natural gas, crude oil and substitute products in North America and international markets, the extent of energy security needs in the European Union and elsewhere, the rate of fuel switching for power generation from coal, nuclear or oil to natural gas and other overarching factors such as global economic growth and the pace of any transition from fossil-based systems of energy production and consumption to renewable energy sources. In addition, our ability to obtain additional funding to execute our business strategy is subject to the investment community s appetite for investment in LNG and natural gas infrastructure and our ability to access capital markets. 
 
 We expect that global demand for natural gas and LNG will continue to increase as nations seek more abundant, reliable and environmentally cleaner fuel alternatives to oil and coal. Market participants around the globe have shown commitments to environmental goals consistent with many policy initiatives that we believe are constructive for LNG demand and infrastructure growth. Currently, significant amounts of money are being invested across Europe, Asia and Latin America in natural gas projects under construction, and more continues to be earmarked to planned projects globally. In Europe, there are various plans to install more than 80 mtpa of import capacity over the near-term to secure access to LNG and displace Russian gas imports. In India, there are nearly 12,000 kilometers of gas pipelines under construction to expand the gas distribution network and increase access to natural gas. And in China, billions of U.S. dollars have already been invested and hundreds of billions of U.S. dollars are expected to be further invested all along the natural gas value chain to decrease harmful emissions. 
 
 As a result of these dynamics, we expect gas and LNG to continue to play an important role in satisfying energy demand going forward. In its fourth quarter 2022 forecast, Wood Mackenzie Limited WoodMac forecasts that global demand for LNG will increase by approximately 53 , from 388.5 mtpa, or 18.6 Tcf, in 2021, to 595.7 mtpa, or 28.6 Tcf, in 2030 and to 677.8 mtpa or 32.5 Tcf in 2040. In its fourth quarter 2022 forecast, WoodMac also forecasts LNG production from existing operational facilities and new facilities already under construction will be able to supply the market with approximately 537 mtpa in 2030, declining to 490 mtpa in 2040. This could result in a market need for construction of an additional approximately 59 mtpa of LNG production by 2030 and about 187 mtpa by 2040. As a cleaner burning fuel with lower emissions than coal or liquid fuels in power generation, we expect gas and LNG to play a central role in balancing grids and contributing to a low carbon energy system globally. We believe the capital and operating costs of the uncommitted capacity of our Liquefaction Project is competitive with new proposed projects globally and we are well-positioned to capture a portion of this incremental market need. 
 
 Our LNG terminal business has limited exposure to oil price movements as we have contracted a significant portion of our LNG production capacity under long-term sale and purchase agreements. These agreements contain fixed fees that are required to be paid even if the customers elect to cancel or suspend delivery of LNG cargoes. Through our SPAs and IPM agreement, we have contracted approximately 85 of the total production capacity from the Liquefaction Project, with approximately 15 years of weighted average remaining life as of December 31, 2022, which includes volumes contracted under SPAs in which the customers are required to pay a fixed fee with respect to the contracted volumes irrespective of their election to cancel or suspend deliveries of LNG cargoes. 
 
 Competition 
 
 When SPL needs to replace any existing SPA or enter into new SPAs, SPL will compete on the basis of price per contracted volume of LNG with other natural gas liquefaction projects throughout the world, including our affiliate Corpus Christi Liquefaction, LLC CCL ), which operates three Trains at a natural gas liquefaction facility near Corpus Christi, Texas. Revenues associated with any incremental volumes of the Liquefaction Project, including those under the Cheniere Marketing SPA, will also be subject to market-based price competition. Many of the companies with which we compete are major energy corporations with longer operating histories, more development experience, greater name recognition, greater financial, technical and marketing resources and greater access to LNG markets than us. 
 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Corporate Responsibility 
 
 As described in Market Factors and Competition , we expect that global demand for natural gas and LNG will continue to increase as nations seek more abundant, reliable and environmentally cleaner fuel alternatives to oil and coal. Our vision is to provide clean, secure and affordable energy to the world. This vision underpins our focus on responding to the world s shared energy challenges expanding the global supply of clean and affordable energy, improving air quality, reducing emissions and supporting the transition to a lower-carbon future. Our approach to corporate responsibility is guided by our Climate and Sustainability Principles: Transparency, Science, Supply Chain and Operational Excellence. In 2022, Cheniere published Acting Now, Securing Tomorrow , its third Corporate Responsibility CR report, which outlines Cheniere s focus on sustainability and its performance on key environmental, social and governance ESG metrics. Cheniere s CR report is available at www.cheniere.com/our-responsibility/reporting-center. Information on Cheniere s website, including the CR report, is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Cheniere s climate strategy is to measure and mitigate emissions to better position our LNG supplies to remain competitive in a lower carbon future, providing energy, economic and environmental security to our customers across the world. To maximize the environmental benefits of our LNG, we believe it is important to develop future climate goals and strategies based on an accurate and holistic assessment of the emissions profile of our LNG, accounting for all steps in the supply chain. 
 
 Consequently, we are collaborating with natural gas midstream companies, methane detection technology providers and/or leading academic institutions on quantification, monitoring, reporting and verification QMRV of GHG research and development projects, co-founding and sponsoring multidisciplinary research and education initiatives led by the University of Texas at Austin in collaboration with Colorado State University and the Colorado School of Mines. 
 
 Cheniere also joined the Oil and Gas Methane Partnership OGMP 2.0, the United Nations Environment Programme s UNEP flagship oil and gas methane emissions reporting and mitigation initiative in October 2022. 
 
 Our total expenditures related to the climate initiatives, including capital expenditures, were not material to our Consolidated Financial Statements during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. However, as the transition to a lower-carbon economy continues to evolve, as described in Market Factors and Competition , we expect the scope and extent of our future initiatives to evolve accordingly. While we have not incurred material direct capital expenditures related to climate change, we aspire to conduct our business in a safe and responsible manner and are proactive in our management of environmental impacts, risks and opportunities. We face certain business and operational risks associated with physical impacts from climate change, such as potential increases in severe weather events or changes in weather patterns, in addition to transition risks. Please see Item 1A. Risk Factors for additional discussion. 

Subsidiaries 
 
 Substantially all of our assets are held by our subsidiaries. We conduct most of our business through these subsidiaries, including the development, construction and operation of our LNG terminal business. 

Employees 
 
 We have no employees. We rely on our general partner to manage all aspects of the development, construction, operation and maintenance of the Sabine Pass LNG Terminal and the Liquefaction Project and to conduct our business. Because our general partner has no employees, it relies on subsidiaries of Cheniere to provide the personnel necessary to allow it to meet its management obligations to us, SPLNG, SPL and CTPL. As of December 31, 2022, Cheniere and its subsidiaries had 1,551 full-time employees, including 517 employees who directly supported the Sabine Pass LNG Terminal operations. See Note 14 Related Party Transactions of our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of the services agreements pursuant to which general and administrative services are provided to us, SPLNG, SPL and CTPL. 

Available Information 
 
 Our common units have been publicly traded since March 21, 2007 and are traded on the NYSE American under the symbol CQP. Our principal executive offices are located at 700 Milam Street, Suite 1900, Houston, Texas 77002, and our telephone number is (713) 375-5000. Our internet address is www.cheniere.com. We provide public access to our annual 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to these reports as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file those materials with, or furnish those materials to, the SEC under the Exchange Act. These reports may be accessed free of charge through our internet website. We make our website content available for informational purposes only. The website should not be relied upon for investment purposes and is not incorporated by reference into this Form 10-K. 
 
 We will also make available to any unitholder, without charge, copies of our annual report on Form 10-K as filed with the SEC. For copies of this, or any other filing, please contact: Cheniere Energy Partners, L.P, Investor Relations Department, 700 Milam Street, Suite 1900, Houston, Texas 77002 or call (713) 375-5000. The SEC maintains an internet site (www.sec.gov) that contains reports and other information regarding issuers. 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 Limited partner interests are inherently different from the capital stock of a corporation, although many of the business risks to which we are subject are similar to those that would be faced by a corporation engaged in a similar business. The following are some of the important factors that could affect our financial performance or could cause actual results to differ materially from estimates or expectations contained in our forward-looking statements. We may encounter risks in addition to those described below. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us, or that we currently deem to be immaterial, may also impair or adversely affect our business, contracts, financial condition, operating results, cash flows, liquidity and prospects. 
 
 The risk factors in this report are grouped into the following categories: 
 Risks Relating to Our Financial Matters ; 
 Risks Relating to Our Operations and Industry ; 
 Risks Relating to Regulations ; 
 Risks Relating to Our Relationship with Our General Partner ; 
 Risks Relating to an Investment in Us and Our Common Units ; and 
 Risks Relating to Tax Matters . 

Risks Relating to Our Financial Matters 
 
 Our existing level of cash resources and significant debt could cause us to have inadequate liquidity and could materially and adversely affect our business, contracts, financial condition, operating results, cash flow, liquidity and prospects. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 904 million of cash and cash equivalents, 92 million of restricted cash and cash equivalents, a total of 1.6 billion of available commitments under our credit facilities and 16.3 billion of total debt outstanding on a consolidated basis (before unamortized premium, discount and debt issuance costs). SPL and CQP operate with independent capital structures as further detailed in Note 11 Debt of our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. We incur, and will incur, significant interest expense relating to financing the assets at the Sabine Pass LNG Terminal. Our ability to refinance our indebtedness will depend on our ability to access additional project financing as well as the debt and equity capital markets. A variety of factors beyond our control could impact the availability or cost of capital, including domestic or international economic conditions, increases in key benchmark interest rates and/or credit spreads, the adoption of new or amended banking or capital market laws or regulations and the repricing of market risks and volatility in capital and financial markets. Our financing costs could increase or future borrowings or equity offerings may be unavailable to us or unsuccessful, which could cause us to be unable to pay or refinance our indebtedness or to fund our other liquidity needs. We also rely on borrowings under our credit facilities to fund our capital expenditures. If any of the lenders in the syndicates backing these facilities was unable to perform on its commitments, we may need to seek replacement financing, which may not be available as needed, or may be available in more limited amounts or on more expensive or otherwise unfavorable terms. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 Our ability to generate cash is substantially dependent upon the performance by customers under long-term contracts that we have entered into, and we could be materially and adversely affected if any significant customer fails to perform its contractual obligations for any reason. 
 
 Our future results and liquidity are substantially dependent upon performance by our customers to make payments under long-term contracts. As of December 31, 2022, we had SPAs with terms of 10 or more years with a total of 11 different third party customers. 
 
 While substantially all of our long-term third party customer arrangements are executed with a creditworthy parent company or secured by a parent company guarantee or other form of collateral, we are nonetheless exposed to credit risk in the event of a customer default that requires us to seek recourse. 
 
 Additionally, our long-term SPAs entitle the customer to terminate their contractual obligations upon the occurrence of certain events which include, but are not limited to: (1) if we fail to make available specified scheduled cargo quantities; (2) delays in the commencement of commercial operations; and (3) under the majority of our SPAs upon the occurrence of certain events of force majeure. 
 
 Although we have not had a history of material customer default or termination events, the occurrence of such events are largely outside of our control and may expose us to unrecoverable losses. We may not be able to replace these customer arrangements on desirable terms, or at all, if they are terminated. As a result, our business, contracts, financial condition, operating results, cash flow, liquidity and prospects could be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 Our subsidiaries may be restricted under the terms of their indebtedness from making distributions to us under certain circumstances, which may limit our ability to pay or increase distributions to our unitholders and could materially and adversely affect the market price of our common units. 
 
 The agreements governing our subsidiaries indebtedness restrict payments that our subsidiaries can make to us in certain events and limit the indebtedness that our subsidiaries can incur. For example, SPL is restricted from making distributions under agreements governing its indebtedness generally until, among other requirements, appropriate reserves have been established for debt service using cash or letters of credit and a debt service coverage ratio of 1.25:1.00 is satisfied. 
 
 Our subsidiaries inability to pay distributions to us or to incur additional indebtedness as a result of the foregoing restrictions in the agreements governing their indebtedness may inhibit our ability to pay or increase distributions to our unitholders, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, contracts, financial condition, operating results, cash flow, liquidity and prospects. 
 
 Our efforts to manage commodity and financial risks through derivative instruments, including our IPM agreement, could adversely affect our earnings reported under GAAP and affect our liquidity. 
 
 We use derivative instruments to manage commodity, currency and financial market risks. The extent of our derivative position at any given time depends on our assessments of the markets for these commodities and related exposures. We currently account for our derivatives at fair value, with immediate recognition of changes in the fair value in earnings, other than certain derivatives for which we have elected to apply accrual accounting, as described in Note 3 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies of our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. Such valuations are primarily valued based on estimated forward commodity prices and are more susceptible to variability particularly when markets are volatile. As described in Results of Operations in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, our net income for the year ended December 31, 2022 includes 1.1 billion of losses resulting from changes in fair values of our derivatives, of which substantially all of such losses were related to commodity derivative instruments indexed to international LNG prices, mainly our IPM agreement. 
 
 These transactions and other derivative transactions have and may continue to result in substantial volatility in results of operations reported under GAAP, particularly in periods of significant commodity, currency or financial market variability. For certain of these instruments, in the absence of actively quoted market prices and pricing information from external sources, the value of these financial instruments involves management s judgment or use of estimates. Changes in the underlying assumptions or use of alternative valuation methods could affect the reported fair value of these contracts. 
 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 In addition, our liquidity may be adversely impacted by the cash margin requirements of the commodities exchanges or the failure of a counterparty to perform in accordance with a contract. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had collateral posted with counterparties by us of 35 million and 7 million, respectively, which are included in margin deposits in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 Restrictions in agreements governing our subsidiaries indebtedness may prevent our subsidiaries from engaging in certain beneficial transactions, which could materially and adversely affect us. 
 
 In addition to restrictions on the ability of us and SPL to make distributions or incur additional indebtedness, the agreements governing their indebtedness also contain various other covenants that may prevent them from engaging in beneficial transactions, including limitations on their ability to: 
 make certain investments; 
 purchase, redeem or retire equity interests; 
 issue preferred stock; 
 sell or transfer assets; 
 incur liens; 
 enter into transactions with affiliates; 
 consolidate, merge, sell or lease all or substantially all of its assets; and 
 enter into sale and leaseback transactions. 
 
 Any restrictions on the ability to engage in beneficial transactions could materially and adversely affect us. 

Risks Relating to Our Operations and Industry 
 
 Catastrophic weather events or other disasters could result in an interruption of our operations, a delay in the construction of our Liquefaction Project, damage to our Liquefaction Project and increased insurance costs, all of which could adversely affect us. 
 
 Weather events such as major hurricanes and winter storms have caused interruptions or temporary suspension in construction or operations at our facilities or caused minor damage to our facilities. In August 2020, SPL entered into an arrangement with its affiliate to provide the ability, in limited circumstances, to potentially fulfill commitments to LNG buyers from the other facility in the event operational conditions impact operations at the Sabine Pass LNG Terminal or at its affiliate s terminal. During the year ended December 31, 2021, eight TBtu was loaded at affiliate facilities pursuant to this agreement. Our risk of loss related to weather events or other disasters is limited by contractual provisions in our SPAs, which can provide under certain circumstances relief from operational events, and partially mitigated by insurance we maintain. Aggregate direct and indirect losses associated with the aforementioned weather events, net of insurance reimbursements, have not historically been material to our Consolidated Financial Statements, and we believe our insurance coverages maintained, existence of certain protective clauses within our SPAs and other risk management strategies mitigate our exposure to material losses. However, future adverse weather events and collateral effects, or other disasters such as explosions, fires, floods or severe droughts, could cause damage to, or interruption of operations at our terminal or related infrastructure, which could impact our operating results, increase insurance premiums or deductibles paid and delay or increase costs associated with the construction and development of our other facilities. Our LNG terminal infrastructure and LNG facility located in or near Sabine Pass, Louisiana are designed in accordance with requirements of 49 Code of Federal Regulations Part 193, Liquefied Natural Gas Facilities: Federal Safety Standards , and all applicable industry codes and standards. 
 
 Disruptions to the third party supply of natural gas to our pipeline and facilities could have a material adverse effect on our business, contracts, financial condition, operating results, cash flow, liquidity and prospects. 
 
 We depend upon third party pipelines and other facilities that provide gas delivery options to our Liquefaction Project and to and from the Creole Trail Pipeline. If any pipeline connection were to become unavailable for current or future volumes of natural gas due to repairs, damage to the facility, lack of capacity, failure to replace contracted firm pipeline transportation capacity on economic terms, or any other reason, our ability to receive natural gas volumes to produce LNG or to continue 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 shipping natural gas from producing regions or to end markets could be adversely impacted. Such disruptions to our third party supply of natural gas may also be caused by weather events or other disasters described in the risk factor Catastrophic weather events or other disasters could result in an interruption of our operations, a delay in the construction of our Liquefaction Project, damage to our Liquefaction Project and increased insurance costs, all of which could adversely affect us. While certain contractual provisions in our SPAs can limit the potential impact of disruptions, and historical indirect losses incurred by us as a result of disruptions to our third party supply of natural gas have not been material, any significant disruption to our natural gas supply where we may not be protected could result in a substantial reduction in our revenues under our long-term SPAs or other customer arrangements, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, contracts, financial condition, operating results, cash flow, liquidity and prospects. 
 
 We may not be able to purchase or receive physical delivery of sufficient natural gas to satisfy our delivery obligations under the SPAs, which could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 
 Under the SPAs with our customers, we are required to make available to them a specified amount of LNG at specified times. The supply of natural gas to our Liquefaction Project to meet our LNG production requirements timely and at sufficient quantities is critical to our operations and the fulfillment of our customer contracts. However, we may not be able to purchase or receive physical delivery of natural gas as a result of various factors, including non-delivery or untimely delivery by our suppliers, depletion of natural gas reserves within regional basins and disruptions to pipeline operations as described in the risk factor Disruptions to the third party supply of natural gas to our pipelines and facilities could have a material adverse effect on our business, contracts, financial condition, operating results, cash flow, liquidity and prospects. Our risk is in part mitigated by the diversification of our natural gas supply and transport across suppliers and pipelines, and regionally across basins, and additionally, we have provisions within our supplier contracts that provide certain protections against non-performance. Further, provisions within our SPAs provide certain protection against force majeure events. While historically we have not incurred significant or prolonged disruptions to our natural gas supply that have resulted in a material adverse impact to our operations, due to the criticality of natural gas supply to our production of LNG, our failure to purchase or receive physical delivery of sufficient quantities of natural gas under circumstances where we may not be protected could have a material adverse effect on our business, contracts, financial condition, operating results, cash flow, liquidity and prospects. 
 
 We are subject to significant construction and operating hazards and uninsured risks, one or more of which may create significant liabilities and losses for us. 
 
 The construction and operation of the Sabine Pass LNG Terminal and the operation of the Creole Trail Pipeline are, and will be, subject to the inherent risks associated with these types of operations as discussed throughout our risk factors, including explosions, breakdowns or failures of equipment, operational errors by vessel or tug operators, pollution, release of toxic substances, fires, hurricanes and adverse weather conditions and other hazards, each of which could result in significant delays in commencement or interruptions of operations and/or in damage to or destruction of our facilities or damage to persons and property. In addition, our operations and the facilities and vessels of third parties on which our operations are dependent face possible risks associated with acts of aggression or terrorism. 
 
 We do not, nor do we intend to, maintain insurance against all of these risks and losses. We may not be able to maintain desired or required insurance in the future at rates that we consider reasonable. Although losses incurred as a result of self insured risk have not been material historically, the occurrence of a significant event not fully insured or indemnified against could have a material adverse effect on our business, contracts, financial condition, operating results, cash flow, liquidity and prospects. 
 
 Cyclical or other changes in the demand for and price of LNG and natural gas may adversely affect our LNG business and the performance of our customers and could have a material adverse effect on our business, contracts, financial condition, operating results, cash flow, liquidity and prospects. 
 
 Our LNG business and the development of domestic LNG facilities and projects generally is based on assumptions about the future availability and price of natural gas and LNG and the prospects for international natural gas and LNG markets. Natural gas and LNG prices have been, and are likely to continue to be, volatile and subject to wide fluctuations in response to one or more of the following factors: 
 competitive liquefaction capacity in North America; 
 insufficient or oversupply of natural gas liquefaction or receiving capacity worldwide; 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 insufficient LNG tanker capacity; 
 weather conditions, including temperature volatility resulting from climate change, and extreme weather events may lead to unexpected distortion in the balance of international LNG supply and demand; 
 reduced demand and lower prices for natural gas; 
 increased natural gas production deliverable by pipelines, which could suppress demand for LNG; 
 decreased oil and natural gas exploration activities which may decrease the production of natural gas, including as a result of any potential ban on production of natural gas through hydraulic fracturing; 
 cost improvements that allow competitors to provide natural gas liquefaction capabilities at reduced prices; 
 changes in supplies of, and prices for, alternative energy sources which may reduce the demand for natural gas; 
 changes in regulatory, tax or other governmental policies regarding imported LNG, natural gas or alternative energy sources, which may reduce the demand for imported LNG and/or natural gas; 
 political conditions in customer regions; 
 sudden decreases in demand for LNG as a result of natural disasters or public health crises, including the occurrence of a pandemic, and other catastrophic events; 
 adverse relative demand for LNG compared to other markets, which may decrease LNG imports from North America; and 
 cyclical trends in general business and economic conditions that cause changes in the demand for natural gas. 
 
 Adverse trends or developments affecting any of these factors could result in decreases in the price of LNG and/or natural gas, which could materially and adversely affect the performance of our customers, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, contracts, financial condition, operating results, cash flow, liquidity and prospects. 
 
 Failure of exported LNG to be a long term competitive source of energy for international markets could adversely affect our customers and could materially and adversely affect our business, contracts, financial condition, operating results, cash flow, liquidity and prospects. 
 
 Operations of the Liquefaction Project are dependent upon the ability of our SPA customers to deliver LNG supplies from the United States, which is primarily dependent upon LNG being a competitive source of energy internationally. The success of our business plan is dependent, in part, on the extent to which LNG can, for significant periods and in significant volumes, be supplied from North America and delivered to international markets at a lower cost than the cost of alternative energy sources. Through the use of improved exploration technologies, additional sources of natural gas may be discovered outside the United States, which could increase the available supply of natural gas outside the United States and could result in natural gas in those markets being available at a lower cost than LNG exported to those markets. 
 
 Political instability in foreign countries that import or export natural gas, or strained relations between such countries and the United States, may also impede the willingness or ability of LNG purchasers or suppliers and merchants in such countries to import LNG from the United States. Furthermore, some foreign purchasers or suppliers of LNG may have economic or other reasons to obtain their LNG from, or direct their LNG to, non-U.S. markets or from or to our competitors liquefaction facilities in the United States. 
 
 As described in Market Factors and Compe tition , it is expected that global demand for natural gas and LNG will continue to increase as nations seek more abundant, reliable and environmentally cleaner fuel alternatives to alternative fossil fuel energy sources such as oil and coal. However, as a result of transitions globally from fossil-based systems of energy production and consumption to renewable energy sources, LNG may face increased competition from alternative, cleaner sources of energy as such alternative sources emerge. Additionally, LNG from the Liquefaction Project also competes with other sources of LNG, including LNG that is priced to indices other than Henry Hub. Some of these sources of energy may be available at a lower cost than LNG from the Liquefaction Project in certain markets. The cost of LNG supplies from the United States, including the Liquefaction Project, may also be impacted by an increase in natural gas prices in the United States. 
 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 As described in Market Factors and Competition , we have contracted through our SPAs and IPM agreements approximately 85 of the total production capacity from the Liquefaction Project with approximately 15 years of weighted average remaining life as of December 31, 2022. However, as a result of the factors described above and other factors, the LNG we produce may not remain a long term competitive source of energy internationally, particularly when our existing long term contracts begin to expire. Any significant impediment to the ability to continue to secure long term commercial contracts or deliver LNG from the United States could have a material adverse effect on our customers and on our business, contracts, financial condition, operating results, cash flow, liquidity and prospects. 
 
 We face competition based upon the international market price for LNG. 
 
 Our Liquefaction Project is subject to the risk of LNG price competition at times when we need to replace any existing SPA, whether due to natural expiration, default or otherwise, or enter into new SPAs. Factors relating to competition may prevent us from entering into a new or replacement SPA on economically comparable terms as existing SPAs, or at all. Such an event could have a material adverse effect on our business, contracts, financial condition, operating results, cash flow, liquidity and prospects. Factors which may negatively affect potential demand for LNG from our Liquefaction Project are diverse and include, among others: 
 increases in worldwide LNG production capacity and availability of LNG for market supply; 
 increases in demand for LNG but at levels below those required to maintain current price equilibrium with respect to supply; 
 increases in the cost to supply natural gas feedstock to our Liquefaction Project; 
 decreases in the cost of competing sources of natural gas or alternate fuels such as coal, heavy fuel oil and diesel; 
 decreases in the price of non-U.S. LNG, including decreases in price as a result of contracts indexed to lower oil prices; 
 increases in capacity and utilization of nuclear power and related facilities; and 
 displacement of LNG by pipeline natural gas or alternate fuels in locations where access to these energy sources is not currently available. 
 
 A cyber attack involving our business, operational control systems or related infrastructure, or that of third party pipelines which supply the Liquefaction Project, could negatively impact our operations, result in data security breaches, impede the processing of transactions or delay financial or compliance reporting. These impacts could materially and adversely affect our business, contracts, financial condition, operating results, cash flow and liquidity. 
 
 The pipeline and LNG industries are increasingly dependent on business and operational control technologies to conduct daily operations. We rely on control systems, technologies and networks to run our business and to control and manage our pipeline, liquefaction and shipping operations. Cyber attacks on businesses have escalated in recent years, including as a result of geopolitical tensions, and use of the internet, cloud services, mobile communication systems and other public networks exposes our business and that of other third parties with whom we do business to potential cyber attacks, including third party pipelines which supply natural gas to our Liquefaction Project. For example, in 2021 Colonial Pipeline suffered a ransomware attack that led to the complete shutdown of its pipeline system for six days. Should multiple of the third party pipelines which supply our Liquefaction Project suffer similar concurrent attacks, the Liquefaction Project may not be able to obtain sufficient natural gas to operate at full capacity, or at all. A cyber attack involving our business or operational control systems or related infrastructure, or that of third party pipelines with which we do business, could negatively impact our operations, result in data security breaches, impede the processing of transactions, or delay financial or compliance reporting. These impacts could materially and adversely affect our business, contracts, financial condition, operating results, cash flow and liquidity. 
 
 Outbreaks of infectious diseases, such as the outbreak of COVID-19, at our facilities could adversely affect our operations. 
 
 Our facilities at the Sabine Pass LNG Terminal are critical infrastructure and continued to operate during the COVID-19 pandemic through our implementation of workplace controls and pandemic risk reduction measures. While the COVID-19 pandemic, including the Delta and Omicron variants, has had no adverse impact on our on-going operations, the risk of future variants is unknown. While we believe we can continue to mitigate any significant adverse impact to our employees and 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 operations at our critical facilities related to the virus in its current form, the outbreak of a more potent variant or another infectious disease in the future at one or more of our facilities could adversely affect our operations. 

Risks Relating to Regulations 
 
 Failure to obtain and maintain approvals and permits from governmental and regulatory agencies with respect to the design, construction and operation of our facilities, the development and operation of our pipeline and the export of LNG could impede operations and construction and could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 
 The design, construction and operation of interstate natural gas pipelines, our LNG terminal, including the Liquefaction Project, and other facilities, as well as the import and export of LNG and the purchase and transportation of natural gas, are highly regulated activities. Approvals of the FERC and DOE under Section 3 and Section 7 of the NGA, as well as several other material governmental and regulatory approvals and permits, including several under the CAA and the CWA, are required in order to construct and operate an LNG facility and an interstate natural gas pipeline and export LNG. 
 
 To date, the FERC has issued orders under Section 3 of the NGA authorizing the siting, construction and operation of the six Trains and related facilities of the Liquefaction Project, as well as orders under Section 7 of the NGA authorizing the construction and operation of the Creole Trail Pipeline. To date, the DOE has also issued orders under Section 4 of the NGA authorizing SPL to export domestically produced LNG. Additionally, we hold certificates under Section 7(c) of the NGA that grant us land use rights relating to the situation of our pipeline on land owned by third parties. If we were to lose these rights or be required to relocate our pipelines, our business could be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 Authorizations obtained from the FERC, DOE and other federal and state regulatory agencies contain ongoing conditions that we must comply with. We are currently in compliance with such conditions; however, failure to comply or our inability to obtain and maintain existing or newly imposed approvals and permits, filings, which may arise due to factors outside of our control such as a U.S. government disruption or shutdown, political opposition or local community resistance to the siting of LNG facilities due to safety, environmental or security concerns, could impede the operation and construction of our infrastructure. In addition, certain of these governmental permits, approvals and authorizations are or may be subject to rehearing requests, appeals and other challenges. There is no assurance that we will obtain and maintain these governmental permits, approvals and authorizations, or that we will be able to obtain them on a timely basis. Any impediment could have a material adverse effect on our business, contracts, financial condition, operating results, cash flow, liquidity and prospects. 
 
 Our Creole Trail Pipeline and its FERC gas tariff are subject to FERC regulation. If we fail to comply with such regulation, we could be subject to substantial penalties and fines. 
 
 The Creole Trail Pipeline is subject to regulation by the FERC under the NGA and the Natural Gas Policy Act of 1978 (the NGPA ). The FERC regulates the purchase and transportation of natural gas in interstate commerce, including the construction and operation of pipelines, the rates, terms and conditions of service and abandonment of facilities. Under the NGA, the rates charged by our Creole Trail Pipeline must be just and reasonable, and we are prohibited from unduly preferring or unreasonably discriminating against any potential shipper with respect to pipeline rates or terms and conditions of service. If we fail to comply with all applicable statutes, rules, regulations and orders, our Creole Trail Pipeline could be subject to substantial penalties and fines. 
 
 In addition, as a natural gas market participant, should we fail to comply with all applicable FERC-administered statutes, rules, regulations and orders, we could be subject to substantial penalties and fines. Under the EPAct, the FERC has civil penalty authority under the NGA and the NGPA to impose penalties for current violations of up to 1.4 million per day for each violation. 
 
 Although the FERC has not imposed fines or penalties on us to date, we are exposed to substantial penalties and fines if we fail to comply with such regulations. 
 
 Existing and future safety, environmental and similar laws and governmental regulations could result in increased compliance costs or additional operating costs or construction costs and restrictions. 
 
 Our business is and will be subject to extensive federal, state and local laws, rules and regulations applicable to our construction and operation activities relating to, among other things, air quality, water quality, waste management, natural 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 resources and health and safety. Many of these laws and regulations, such as the CAA, the Oil Pollution Act, the CWA and the RCRA, and analogous state laws and regulations, restrict or prohibit the types, quantities and concentration of substances that can be released into the environment in connection with the construction and operation of our facilities, and require us to maintain permits and provide governmental authorities with access to our facilities for inspection and reports related to our compliance. In addition, certain laws and regulations authorize regulators having jurisdiction over the construction and operation of our LNG terminal, docks and pipeline, including FERC, PHMSA, EPA and United States Coast Guard, to issue regulatory enforcement actions, which may restrict or limit operations or increase compliance or operating costs. Violation of these laws and regulations could lead to substantial liabilities, compliance orders, fines and penalties, difficulty obtaining or maintaining permits from regulatory agencies or to capital expenditures that could have a material adverse effect on our business, contracts, financial condition, operating results, cash flow, liquidity and prospects. Federal and state laws impose liability, without regard to fault or the lawfulness of the original conduct, for the release of certain types or quantities of hazardous substances into the environment. As the owner and operator of our facilities, we could be liable for the costs of cleaning up hazardous substances released into the environment at or from our facilities and for resulting damage to natural resources. 
 
 The EPA has finalized or proposed multiple GHG regulations that impact our assets and supply chain. Further, the IRA includes a charge on methane emissions above certain emissions thresholds employing empirical emissions data that will apply to our facilities beginning in calendar year 2024. In addition, other international, federal and state initiatives may be considered in the future to address GHG emissions through treaty commitments, direct regulation, market-based regulations such as a GHG emissions tax or cap-and-trade programs or clean energy or performance-based standards. Such initiatives could affect the demand for or cost of natural gas, which we consume at our terminals, or could increase compliance costs for our operations. 
 
 Revised, reinterpreted or additional guidance, laws and regulations at local, state, federal or international levels that result in increased compliance costs or additional operating or construction costs and restrictions could have a material adverse effect on our business, contracts, financial condition, operating results, cash flow, liquidity and prospects. It is not possible at this time to predict how future regulations or legislation may address GHG emissions and impact our business. 
 
 On February 28, 2022, the EPA removed a stay of formaldehyde standards in the NESHAP Subpart YYYY for stationary combustion turbines located at major sources of HAP emissions. Owners and operators of lean remix gas-fired turbines and diffusion flame gas-fired turbines at major sources of HAP that were installed after January 14, 2003 were required to comply with NESHAP Subpart YYYY by March 9, 2022. We do not believe that our operations, or the construction and operations of our liquefaction facilities, will be materially and adversely affected by such regulatory actions. 
 
 Other future legislation and regulations, such as those relating to the transportation and security of LNG imported to or exported from the Sabine Pass LNG Terminal or climate policies of destination countries in relation to their obligations under the Paris Agreement or other national climate change-related policies, could cause additional expenditures, restrictions and delays in our business and to our proposed construction activities, the extent of which cannot be predicted and which may require us to limit substantially, delay or cease operations in some circumstances. 
 
 Total expenditures related to environmental and similar laws and governmental regulations, including capital expenditures, were immaterial to our Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Revised, reinterpreted or additional laws and regulations that result in increased compliance costs or additional operating or construction costs and restrictions could have a material adverse effect on our business, contracts, financial condition, operating results, cash flow, liquidity and prospects. 
 
 Pipeline safety and compliance programs and repairs may impose significant costs and liabilities on us. 
 
 The PHMSA requires pipeline operators to develop management programs to safely operate and maintain their pipelines and to comprehensively evaluate certain areas along their pipelines and take additional measures where necessary to protect pipeline segments located in high or moderate consequence areas where a leak or rupture could potentially do the most harm. As an operator, we are required to: 
 perform ongoing assessments of pipeline safety and compliance; 
 identify and characterize applicable threats to pipeline segments that could impact a high consequence area; 
 improve data collection, integration and analysis; 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 repair and remediate the pipeline as necessary; and 
 implement preventative and mitigating actions. 
 
 We are required to utilize pipeline integrity management programs that are intended to maintain pipeline integrity. Any repair, remediation, preventative or mitigating actions may require significant capital and operating expenditures. Although no fines or penalties have been imposed on us to date, should we fail to comply with applicable statutes and the Office of Pipeline Safety s rules and related regulations and orders, we could be subject to significant penalties and fines, which for certain violations can aggregate up to as high as 2.6 million. 

Risks Relating to Our Relationship with Our General Partner 
 
 We are entirely dependent on our general partner, Cheniere, including employees of Cheniere and its subsidiaries, for key personnel, and the unavailability of skilled workers or Cheniere s failure to attract and retain qualified personnel could adversely affect us. In addition, changes in our general partner s senior management or other key personnel could affect our business results. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, Cheniere and its subsidiaries had 1,551 full-time employees, including 517 employees who directly supported the Sabine Pass LNG Terminal operations. We have contracted with subsidiaries of Cheniere to provide the personnel necessary for the operation, maintenance and management of the Sabine Pass LNG Terminal, the Creole Trail Pipeline and construction and operation of the Liquefaction Project. We depend on Cheniere s subsidiaries hiring and retaining personnel sufficient to provide support for the Sabine Pass LNG Terminal. Cheniere competes with other liquefaction projects in the United States and globally, other energy companies and other employers to attract and retain qualified personnel with the technical skills and experience required to construct and operate our facilities and pipelines and to provide our customers with the highest quality service. We also compete with any other project Cheniere is developing, including its liquefaction project at Corpus Christi, Texas, for the time and expertise of Cheniere s personnel. Further, we and Cheniere face competition for these highly skilled employees in the immediate vicinity of the Sabine Pass LNG Terminal and more generally from the Gulf Coast hydrocarbon processing and construction industries. 
 
 The executive officers of our general partner are officers and employees of Cheniere and its affiliates. We do not maintain key person life insurance policies on any personnel, and our general partner does not have any employment contracts or other agreements with key personnel binding them to provide services for any particular term. The loss of the services of any of these individuals could have a material adverse effect on our business. In addition, our future success will depend in part on our general partner s ability to engage, and Cheniere s ability to attract and retain, additional qualified personnel. 
 A shortage in the labor pool of skilled workers, remoteness of our site locations, or other general inflationary pressures, changes in applicable laws and regulations or labor disputes could make it more difficult to attract and retain qualified personnel and could require an increase in the wage and benefits packages that are offered, thereby increasing our operating costs. Any increase in our operating costs could materially and adversely affect our business, contracts, financial condition, operating results, cash flow, liquidity and prospects. 
 
 Our general partner and its affiliates have conflicts of interest and limited fiduciary duties, which may permit them to favor their own interests to the detriment of us and our unitholders. 
 
 Cheniere owns and controls our general partner, which has sole responsibility for conducting our business and managing our operations. Some of our general partner s directors are also directors of Cheniere, and certain of our general partner s officers are officers of Cheniere. Therefore, conflicts of interest may arise between Cheniere and its affiliates, including our general partner, on the one hand, and us and our unitholders, on the other hand. In resolving these conflicts, our general partner may favor its own interests and the interests of its affiliates over the interests of us and our unitholders. These conflicts include, among others, the following situations: 
 neither our partnership agreement nor any other agreement requires Cheniere to pursue a business strategy that favors us. Cheniere s directors and officers have a fiduciary duty to make these decisions in favor of the owners of Cheniere, which may be contrary to our interests: 
 our general partner controls the interpretation and enforcement of contractual obligations between us, on the one hand, and Cheniere, on the other hand, including provisions governing administrative services and acquisitions; 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 our general partner is allowed to take into account the interests of parties other than us, such as Cheniere and its affiliates, in resolving conflicts of interest, which has the effect of limiting its fiduciary duty to us and our unitholders; 
 our general partner has limited its liability and reduced its fiduciary duties under the partnership agreement, while also restricting the remedies available to our unitholders for actions that, without these limitations, might constitute breaches of fiduciary duty; 
 Cheniere is not limited in its ability to compete with us. Cheniere is not restricted from competing with us and is free to develop, operate and dispose of, and is currently developing, LNG facilities, pipelines and other assets without any obligation to offer us the opportunity to develop or acquire those assets; 
 our general partner determines the amount and timing of asset purchases and sales, capital expenditures, borrowings, issuances of additional partnership securities, and the establishment, increase or decrease in the amounts of reserves, each of which can affect the amount of cash that is distributed to our unitholders; 
 our general partner determines the amount and timing of any capital expenditures and whether a capital expenditure is a maintenance capital expenditure, which reduces operating surplus, or an expansion capital expenditure, which does not reduce operating surplus. This determination can affect the amount of cash that is distributed to our unitholders; 
 our partnership agreement does not restrict our general partner from causing us to pay it or its affiliates for any services rendered on terms that are fair and reasonable to us or entering into additional contractual arrangements with any of these entities on our behalf; 
 our general partner intends to limit its liability regarding our contractual and other obligations and, in some circumstances, is entitled to be indemnified by us; 
 our general partner may exercise its limited right to call and purchase common units if it and its affiliates own more than 80 of the common units; and 
 our general partner decides whether to retain separate counsel, accountants or others to perform services for us. 
 
 We also have agreements to compensate and to reimburse expenses of affiliates of Cheniere. All of these agreements involve conflicts of interest between us, on the one hand, and Cheniere and its other affiliates, on the other hand. In addition, Cheniere is currently operating three Trains at a natural gas liquefaction facility near Corpus Christi, Texas and CCL has entered into fixed price SPAs with third-parties for the sale of LNG from this natural gas liquefaction facility, and may continue to enter in commercial arrangements with respect to this liquefaction facility that might otherwise have been entered into with respect to any future Trains. 
 
 We expect that there will be additional agreements or arrangements with Cheniere and its affiliates, including future interconnection, natural gas balancing and storage agreements with one or more Cheniere-affiliated natural gas pipelines, services agreements, as well as other agreements and arrangements that cannot now be anticipated. In those circumstances where additional contracts with Cheniere and its affiliates may be necessary or desirable, additional conflicts of interest may be involved. 
 
 In the event Cheniere favors its interests over our interests, we may have less available cash to make distributions on our units than we otherwise would have if Cheniere had favored our interests. 
 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 Risks Relating to an Investment in Us and Our Common Units 
 
 Our partnership agreement limits our general partner s fiduciary duties to our unitholders and restricts the remedies available to our unitholders for actions taken by our general partner that might otherwise constitute breaches of fiduciary duty. 
 
 Our partnership agreement contains provisions that reduce the standards to which our general partner would otherwise be held by state fiduciary duty law. For example, our partnership agreement: 
 permits our general partner to make a number of decisions in its individual capacity, as opposed to in its capacity as our general partner. This entitles our general partner to consider only the interests and factors that it desires, and it has no duty or obligation to give any consideration to any interest of, or factors affecting, us, our affiliates or any limited partner. Examples include the exercise of its limited call right, the exercise of its rights to transfer or vote the units it owns, the exercise of its registration rights and its determination whether or not to consent to any merger or consolidation of the partnership or amendment to the partnership agreement; 
 provides that our general partner will not have any liability to us or our unitholders for decisions made in its capacity as general partner, as long as it acted in good faith, meaning that it believed the decision was in the best interests of our partnership, including in resolution of conflicts of interest; 
 generally provides that affiliated transactions and resolutions of conflicts of interest not approved by the conflicts committee of the board of directors of our general partner and not involving a vote of unitholders must be on terms no less favorable to us than those generally being provided to or available from unrelated third parties or be fair and reasonable to us and that, in determining whether a transaction or resolution is fair and reasonable, our general partner may consider the totality of the relationships between the parties involved, including other transactions that may be particularly favorable or advantageous to us; 
 provides that our general partner, its affiliates and their officers and directors will not be liable for monetary damages to us or our limited partners for any acts or omissions unless there has been a final and non-appealable judgment entered by a court of competent jurisdiction determining that our general partner or those other persons acted in bad faith or engaged in fraud, willful misconduct or, in the case of a criminal matter, acted with knowledge that such conduct was criminal; and 
 provides that in resolving conflicts of interest, it will be presumed that in making its decision the conflicts committee or the general partner acted in good faith, and in any proceedings brought by or on behalf of any limited partner or us, the person bringing or prosecuting such proceeding will have the burden of overcoming such presumption. 
 
 By purchasing a common unit, a unitholder will become bound by the provisions of our partnership agreement, including the provisions described above. 
 
 Holders of our common units have limited voting rights and are not entitled to elect our general partner or its directors, which could reduce the price at which our common units trade. 
 
 Unlike the holders of common stock in a corporation, our unitholders have only limited voting rights on matters affecting our business and, therefore, limited ability to influence management s decisions regarding our business. Our unitholders have no right to elect our general partner or its board of directors on an annual or other continuing basis. The board of directors of our general partner is chosen entirely by affiliates of Cheniere. As a result, the price at which the common units trade could be diminished because of the absence or reduction of a control premium in the trading price. 
 
 The vote of the holders of at least 66 2/3 of all outstanding common units (including any units owned by our general partner and its affiliates), voting together as a single class is required to remove our general partner. Cheniere owns 48.6 of our outstanding common units, but it is contractually prohibited from voting our units that it holds in favor of the removal of our general partner. 
 Additionally, our partnership agreement restricts unitholders voting rights by providing that any units held by a person that owns 20 or more of any class of units then outstanding, other than our general partner and its affiliates, their transferees and persons who acquired such units with the prior approval of the board of directors of our general partner, cannot vote on any matter. Our partnership agreement also contains provisions limiting the ability of unitholders to call meetings or to acquire 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 information about our operations, as well as other provisions limiting the unitholders ability to influence the manner or direction of management. 
 
 Any change of our general partner or the replacement of the board of directors or officers of our partnership, which can occur without the consent of our unitholders, can impact our future operations and have an adverse impact on the trading price of our common units. 
 
 Our general partner may transfer its general partner interest to a third party in a merger or in a sale of all or substantially all of its assets without the consent of our unitholders. Furthermore, our partnership agreement does not restrict the ability of the owners of our general partner from transferring all or a portion of their respective ownership interest in our general partner to a third party. The new owners of our general partner would then be in a position to replace the board of directors and officers of our general partner with its own choices and thereby influence the decisions taken by the board of directors and officers. Any change in our general partner or the replacement of the board of directors or officers of our partnership can impact our future operations and have an adverse impact on the trading price of our common units. 
 
 Our partnership agreement prohibits a unitholder (other than our general partner and its affiliates) who acquires 15 or more of our limited partner units without the approval of our general partner from engaging in a business combination with us for three years unless certain approvals are obtained. This provision could discourage a change of control that our unitholders may favor, which could negatively affect the price of our common units. 
 
 Our partnership agreement effectively adopts Section 203 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware DGCL ). Section 203 of the DGCL as it applies to us prevents an interested unitholder defined as a person (other than our general partner and its affiliates) who owns 15 or more of our outstanding limited partner units from engaging in business combinations with us for three years following the time such person becomes an interested unitholder unless certain approvals are obtained. Section 203 broadly defines business combination to encompass a wide variety of transactions with or caused by an interested unitholder, including mergers, asset sales and other transactions in which the interested unitholder receives a benefit on other than a pro rata basis with other unitholders. This provision of our partnership agreement could have an anti-takeover effect with respect to transactions not approved in advance by our general partner, including discouraging takeover attempts that might result in a premium over the market price for our common units. 
 
 Our unitholders may not have limited liability if a court finds that unitholder action constitutes control of our business. 
 
 A general partner of a partnership generally has unlimited liability for the obligations of the partnership, except for contractual obligations of the partnership that are expressly made without recourse to the general partner. We are organized under Delaware law, and we conduct business in other states. As a limited partner in a partnership organized under Delaware law, holders of our common units could be held liable for our obligations to the same extent as a general partner if a court determined that the right or the exercise of the right by our unitholders as a group to remove or replace our general partner, to approve some amendments to our partnership agreement or to take other action under our partnership agreement constituted participation in the control of our business. In addition, limitations on the liability of holders of limited partner interests for the obligations of a limited partnership have not been clearly established in many jurisdictions. 
 
 Our unitholders may have liability to repay distributions wrongfully made. 
 
 Under certain circumstances, our unitholders may have to repay amounts wrongfully distributed to them. Under Section 17-607 of the Delaware Revised Uniform Limited Partnership Act, we may not make a distribution to our unitholders if the distribution would cause our liabilities to exceed the fair value of our assets. Delaware law provides that, for a period of three years from the date of the impermissible distribution, partners who received such a distribution and who knew at the time of the distribution that it violated Delaware law will be liable to the partnership for the distribution amount. Liabilities to partners on account of their partner interests and liabilities that are non-recourse to the partnership are not counted for purposes of determining whether a distribution is permitted. 
 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 Affiliates of our general partner or affiliates of Blackstone Inc. Blackstone or Brookfield Asset Management Inc. Brookfield may sell limited partner units, which sales could have an adverse impact on the trading price of our common units. 
 
 Sales by us or any of our affiliated unitholders or affiliates of Blackstone of a substantial number of our common units, or the perception that such sales might occur, could have a material adverse effect on the price of our common units or could impair our ability to obtain capital through an offering of equity securities. As of December 31, 2022, Cheniere owned 239,872,502 of our common units. We also filed a registration statement for the resale of 202,450,687 common units owned by Blackstone and its affiliates in 2017. Any sales of these units could have an adverse impact on the price of our common units. 

Risks Relating to Tax Matters 
 
 Our tax treatment depends on our status as a partnership for federal income tax purposes, and our not being subject to a material amount of entity-level taxation by individual states. If we were treated as a corporation for federal income tax purposes or if we were to become subject to material additional amounts of entity-level taxation for state tax purposes, then our cash available for distribution to our unitholders would be substantially reduced. 
 
 The anticipated after-tax economic benefit of an investment in our common units depends largely on our being treated as a partnership for federal income tax purposes. Despite the fact that we are a limited partnership under Delaware law, we will be treated as a corporation for federal income tax purposes unless we satisfy a qualifying income requirement. Based upon our current operations, we believe we satisfy the qualifying income requirement. Failing to meet the qualifying income requirement or a change in current law could cause us to be treated as a corporation for federal income tax purposes or otherwise subject us to taxation as an entity. 
 
 If we were treated as a corporation for federal income tax purposes, we would pay federal income tax on our taxable income at the corporate tax rate and would likely pay state and local income taxes at varying rates. Distributions to our unitholders would generally be taxed again as corporate dividends, and no income, gains, losses or deductions would flow through to our unitholders. Because a tax would be imposed upon us as a corporation, the cash available for distributions to our unitholders would be substantially reduced. Therefore, treatment of us as a corporation would result in a material reduction in the anticipated cash flow and after-tax return to our unitholders, likely causing a substantial reduction in the value of our common units. 
 
 At the state level, several states have been evaluating ways to subject partnerships to entity-level taxation through the imposition of state income, franchise and other forms of taxation. Imposition of such taxes on us in jurisdictions in which we operate, or to which we may expand our operations, may substantially reduce the cash available for distribution to our unitholders and, therefore, negatively impact the value of an investment in our common units. 
 
 Our partnership agreement provides that if a law is enacted or existing law is modified or interpreted in a manner that subjects us to taxation as a corporation or otherwise subjects us to entity-level taxation for federal, state or local income tax purposes, then the initial quarterly distribution amount and the target distribution amounts may be adjusted to reflect the impact of that law on us. 
 
 We prorate our items of income, gain, loss and deduction between transferors and transferees of our common units each month based upon the ownership of our common units on the first day of each month, instead of on the basis of the date a particular common unit is transferred. 
 
 We prorate our items of income, gain, loss and deduction between transferors and transferees of our common units each month based upon the ownership of our common units on the first business day of each month, instead of on the basis of the date a particular unit is transferred. Although final Treasury Regulations allow publicly traded partnerships to use a similar monthly simplifying convention to allocate tax items among transferor and transferee unitholders, such tax items must be prorated on a daily basis and these regulations do not specifically authorize all aspects of the proration method we have adopted. If the IRS were to successfully challenge this method or new Treasury Regulations were issued, we may be required to change the allocation of items of income, gain, loss and deduction among our unitholders. 
 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 A successful Internal Revenue Service IRS contest of the federal income tax positions that we take, may adversely impact the market for our common units, and the costs of any contest will be borne by our unitholders and our general partner. 
 
 The IRS may adopt positions that differ from the positions that we take, even positions taken with advice of counsel. It may be necessary to resort to administrative or court proceedings to sustain some or all of the positions that we take. A court may not agree with some or all of the positions that we take. Any contest with the IRS may adversely impact the taxable income reported to our unitholders and the income taxes they are required to pay. As a result, any such contest with the IRS may materially and adversely impact the market for our common units and the price at which our common units trade. In addition, the costs of any contest with the IRS, principally legal, accounting and related fees, will result in a reduction in cash available for distribution to our unitholders and our general partner and thus will be borne indirectly by our unitholders and our general partner. 
 
 If the IRS makes audit adjustments to our income tax returns for tax years beginning after December 31, 2017, it (and some states) may assess and collect any taxes (including any applicable penalties and interest) resulting from such audit adjustment directly from us, in which case our cash available for distribution to our unitholders might be substantially reduced. 
 
 For tax years beginning after December 31, 2017, if the IRS makes audit adjustments to our income tax returns, it (and some states) may assess and collect any taxes (including any applicable penalties and interest) resulting from such audit adjustment directly from us. To the extent possible under applicable rules, our general partner may pay such amounts directly to the IRS or, if we are eligible, elect to issue a revised Schedule K-1 to each unitholder with respect to an audited and adjusted return. No assurances can be made that such election will be practical, permissible, or effective in all circumstances. As a result, our current unitholders may bear some or all of the economic burden resulting from such audit adjustment, even if such unitholders did not own units in us during the tax year under audit. If, as a result of any such audit adjustment, we are required to make payments of taxes, penalties and interest, our cash available for distribution to our unitholders might be substantially reduced. 
 
 Our unitholders may be required to pay taxes on their share of our taxable income even if they do not receive any cash distributions from us. 
 
 Our unitholders are required to pay any U.S. federal income taxes on their share of our taxable income irrespective of whether they receive cash distributions from us. Unitholders may not receive cash distributions from us equal to their share of our taxable income or even equal to the actual tax liability attributable to their share of our taxable income. 
 
 Tax gain or loss on the disposition of our common units could be different than expected. 
 
 If our unitholders sell any of their common units, they will recognize gain or loss equal to the difference between the amount realized and their tax basis in those common units. Because distributions in excess of the unitholders allocable share of our net taxable income decrease the unitholders tax basis in their common units, the amount, if any, of such prior excess distributions with respect to the units sold will, in effect, become taxable income to the unitholder if they sell such units at a price greater than their tax basis in those units, even if the price received is less than their original cost. A substantial portion of the amount realized, whether or not representing gain, may be ordinary income due to the potential recapture items, including depreciation recapture. In addition, because the amount realized may include a unitholder s share of our nonrecourse liabilities, a unitholder that sells common units may incur a tax liability in excess of the amount of cash received from the sale. 
 
 Tax-exempt entities face unique tax issues from owning common units that may result in adverse tax consequences to them. 
 
 Investments in common units by tax-exempt entities, such as individual retirement accounts (known as IRAs), raises issues unique to them. For example, virtually all of our income allocated to unitholders who are organizations exempt from federal income tax, including individual retirement accounts and other retirement plans, will be unrelated business taxable income and will be taxable to them. Tax-exempt entities should consult a tax advisor before investing in our common units. 
 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Non-U.S. unitholders will be subject to U.S. taxes and withholding with respect to their income and gain from owning our common units. 
 
 Non-U.S. unitholders are generally taxed and subject to income tax filing requirements by the United States on income effectively connected with a U.S. trade or business effectively connected income ). A unitholder s share of our income, gain, loss and deduction, and any gain from the sale or disposition of our common units will generally be considered to be effectively connected with a U.S. trade or business and subject to U.S. federal income tax. As a result, distributions to a non-U.S. unitholder will be subject to withholding at the highest applicable effective tax rate and a non-U.S. unitholder who sells or otherwise disposes of a common unit will also be subject to U.S. federal income tax on the gain realized from the sale or disposition of that common unit. 
 
 Moreover, upon the sale, exchange or other disposition of a common unit by a non-U.S. unitholder, withholding at a rate of 10 may be required on the amount realized unless the disposing unitholder certifies that it is not a foreign person. Treasury regulations provide that the amount realized on a transfer of an interest in a publicly traded partnership, such as our common units, will generally be the amount of gross proceeds paid to the broker effecting the applicable transfer on behalf of the unitholder. Quarterly distributions made to our non-U.S. unitholders will also be subject to withholding under these rules to the extent a portion of a distribution is attributable to an amount in excess of our cumulative net income that has not previously been distributed. The determination of cumulative net income is complex and unclear in certain respects, and we intend to treat all of our distributions as being in excess of our cumulative net income for such purposes and subject to the additional 10 withholding tax. The Treasury regulations further provide that these rules will generally not apply to transfers of, or distributions on, interests in a publicly traded partnership occurring before January 1, 2023, and after that date, if effected through a broker, the obligation to withhold is imposed on the transferor s broker. Non-U.S. unitholders should consult their tax advisors regarding the impact of these rules on an investment in our common units. 
 
 Our unitholders will likely be subject to state and local taxes and return filing requirements as a result of an investment in our common units. 
 
 In addition to federal income taxes, our unitholders will likely be subject to other taxes, including state and local income taxes, unincorporated business taxes and estate, inheritance or intangible taxes that are imposed by the various jurisdictions in which we do business or own property, even if the unitholder does not live in any of those jurisdictions. Our unitholders may be required to file state and local income tax returns and pay state and local income taxes in some or all of these various jurisdictions. Furthermore, our unitholders may be subject to penalties for failure to comply with those requirements. As we make acquisitions or expand our business, we may own property or conduct business in additional states or foreign countries that impose a personal tax or an entity level tax. Unitholders may be subject to penalties for failure to comply with those requirements. It is the responsibility of our unitholders to file all United States federal, state and local tax returns. 
 We have adopted certain valuation methodologies in determining a unitholder s allocations of income, gain, loss and deduction. The IRS may challenge these methodologies or the resulting allocations, and such a challenge could adversely affect the value of our common units. 
 
 In determining the items of income, gain, loss and deduction allocable to our unitholders, we must routinely determine the fair market value of our assets. Although we may from time to time consult with professional appraisers regarding valuation matters, we make many fair market value estimates ourselves using a methodology based on the market value of our common units as a means to determine the fair market value of our assets. The IRS may challenge these valuation methods and the resulting allocations of income, gain, loss and deduction. 
 
 A successful IRS challenge to these methods or allocations could adversely affect the timing or amount of taxable income or loss being allocated to our unitholders. It also could affect the amount of gain from our unitholders sale of common units and could have a negative impact on the value of the common units or result in audit adjustments to our unitholders tax returns without the benefit of additional deductions. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 None. 
 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 We may in the future be involved as a party to various legal proceedings, which are incidental to the ordinary course of business. We regularly analyze current information and, as necessary, provide accruals for probable liabilities on the eventual disposition of these matters. 
 
 LDEQ Matter 
 
 Certain of our subsidiaries are in discussions with the LDEQ to resolve self-reported deviations arising from operation of the Sabine Pass LNG Terminal and the commissioning of the Liquefaction Project, and relating to certain requirements under its Title V Permit. The matter involves deviations self-reported to LDEQ pursuant to the Title V Permit and covering the time period from January 1, 2012 through March 25, 2016. On April 11, 2016, certain of our subsidiaries received a Consolidated Compliance Order and Notice of Potential Penalty (the Compliance Order from LDEQ covering deviations self-reported during that time period. Certain of our subsidiaries continue to work with LDEQ to resolve the matters identified in the Compliance Order. We do not expect that any ultimate sanction will have a material adverse impact on our financial results. 
 
 PHMSA Matter 
 
 In February 2018, the PHMSA issued a Corrective Action Order (the CAO to SPL in connection with a minor LNG leak from one tank and minor vapor release from a second tank at the Sabine Pass LNG Terminal (the 2018 SPL tank incident ). These two tanks have been taken out of operational service while we conduct analysis, repair and remediation. On April 20, 2018, SPL and PHMSA executed a Consent Agreement and Order (the Consent Order that replaces and supersedes the CAO. On July 9, 2019, PHMSA and FERC issued a joint letter setting out operating conditions required to be met prior to SPL returning the tanks to service. In July 2021, PHMSA issued a Notice of Probable Violation NOPV and Proposed Civil Penalty to SPL alleging violations of federal pipeline safety regulations relating to the 2018 SPL tank incident and proposing civil penalties totaling 2,214,900. On September 16, 2021, PHMSA issued an Amended NOPV that reduced the proposed penalty to 1,458,200. On October 12, 2021, SPL responded to the Amended NOPV, electing not to contest the alleged violations in the Amended NOPV and electing to pay the proposed reduced penalty. PHMSA notified SPL in a letter dated November 9, 2021 that the case was considered closed. SPL continues to coordinate with PHMSA and FERC to address the matters relating to the 2018 SPL tank incident, including repair approach and related analysis. One tank has been placed back into operational service. We do not expect that the Consent Order and related analysis, repair and remediation or resolution of the NOPV will have a material adverse impact on our financial results or operations. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURE 
 
 Not applicable. 

28 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED UNITHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 Our common units began trading on the NYSE American under the symbol CQP commencing with our initial public offering on March 21, 2007. As of February 17, 2023, we had 484.0 million common units outstanding held by 9 record owners. 
 
 We consider cash distributions to unitholders on a quarterly basis, although there is no assurance as to the future cash distributions since they are dependent upon future earnings, cash flows, capital requirements, financial condition and other factors. The 2019 CQP Credit Facilities described in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations may also limit our ability to make distributions. 
 
 Upon the closing of our initial public offering, Cheniere received 135.4 million subordinated units. In July 2020, the board of directors of our general partner confirmed and approved that, following the distribution with respect to the three months ended June 30, 2020, the financial tests required for conversion of our subordinated units had been met under the terms of the partnership agreement. Accordingly, effective August 17, 2020, the first business day following the payment of the distribution, all of our subordinated units were automatically converted into common units on a one-for-one basis and the subordination period was terminated. 
 
 Cash Distribution Policy 
 
 Our cash distribution policy is consistent with the terms of our partnership agreement, which requires that we distribute all of our available cash quarterly. 
 
 General Partner Units and Incentive Distribution Rights IDRs 
 
 IDRs represent the right to receive an increasing percentage of quarterly distributions of available cash from operating surplus in excess of the initial quarterly distribution. Our general partner currently holds the IDRs but may transfer these rights separately from its general partner interest. 
 
 Assuming we do not issue any additional classes of units that are paid distributions and our general partner maintains its 2 interest, if we have made distributions to our unitholders from operating surplus in an amount equal to the initial quarterly distribution for any quarter, assuming no arrearages, then we will distribute any additional available cash from operating surplus for that quarter among the unitholders and our general partner as follows: 
 Total Quarterly Distribution Target Amount Marginal Percentage Interest Distributions Common and Subordinated Unitholders General Partner Initial quarterly distribution 0.425 98 2 First Target Distribution Above 0.425 up to 0.489 98 2 Second Target Distribution Above 0.489 up to 0.531 85 15 Third Target Distribution Above 0.531 up to 0.638 75 25 Thereafter Above 0.638 50 50 

ITEM 6. [Reserved] 
 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Introduction 
 
 The following discussion and analysis presents management s view of our business, financial condition and overall performance and should be read in conjunction with our Consolidated Financial Statements and the accompanying notes. This information is intended to provide investors with an understanding of our past performance, current financial condition and outlook for the future. Discussion of 2020 items and variance drivers between the year ended December 31, 2021 as compared to December 31, 2020 are not included herein and can be found in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our annual report on Form 10-K for t he fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 . 
 
 Our discussion and analysis includes the following subjects: 
 Overview 
 Overview of Significant Events 
 Market Environment 
 Results of Operations 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Summary of Critical Accounting Estimates 
 Recent Accounting Standards 

Overview 
 
 We are a limited partnership formed by Cheniere to provide clean, secure and affordable LNG to integrated energy companies, utilities and energy trading companies around the world. We own the natural gas liquefaction and export facility located at Sabine Pass, Louisiana (the Sabine Pass LNG Terminal with six operational Trains. In addition to natural gas liquefaction facilities at the Sabine Pass LNG Terminal (the Liquefaction Project ), the Sabine Pass LNG Terminal also has operational regasification facilities and a pipeline that interconnects the Sabine Pass LNG Terminal with a number of large interstate and intrastate pipelines. For further discussion of our business, see Items 1. and 2. Business and Properties . 
 
 Our long-term customer arrangements form the foundation of our business and provide us with significant, stable, long-term cash flows. We contract our anticipated production capacity under SPAs, in which our customers are generally required to pay a fixed fee with respect to the contracted volumes irrespective of their election to cancel or suspend deliveries of LNG cargoes, and under IPM agreements, in which the gas producer sells natural gas to us on a global LNG index price, less a fixed liquefaction fee, shipping and other costs. Through our SPAs and IPM agreement, we have contracted approximately 85 of the total production capacity from the Liquefaction Project with approximately 15 years of weighted average remaining life as of December 31, 2022. We believe that continued global demand for natural gas and LNG, as further described in Market Factors and Competition in Items 1. and 2. Business and Properties, will provide a foundation for additional growth in our business in the future. 

Overview of Significant Events 
 
 Our significant events since January 1, 2022 and through the filing date of this Form 10-K include the following: 
 
 Strategic 
 
 In February 2023, certain of our subsidiaries initiated the pre-filing review process with the FERC under the National Environmental Policy Act for an expansion adjacent to the Liquefaction Project consisting of up to three Trains with an expected total production capacity of approximately 20 mtpa of LNG. 
 In November 2022, SPL and Cheniere Marketing entered into an SPA for approximately 0.85 mtpa of LNG associated with the IPM agreement between SPL and Tourmaline Oil Marketing Corp., a subsidiary of Tourmaline Oil Corp (as supplier) Tourmaline ), discussed below. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 On September 23, 2022, Corey Grindal, Executive Vice President, Worldwide Trading and Tim Wyatt, Senior Vice President, Corporate Development and Strategy, were appointed to the Board of Directors of Cheniere Energy Partners GP, LLC Cheniere GP ). Mr. Grindal was also promoted to Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of Cheniere GP, effective January 2, 2023. 
 In June 2022, SPL entered into an SPA with Chevron U.S.A. Inc. Chevron to sell Chevron approximately 1.0 mtpa of LNG between 2026 and 2042. 
 In June 2022, Chevron entered into an agreement with SPLNG providing for the early termination of the TUA and an associated terminal marine services agreement TMSA between the parties and their affiliates (the Termination Agreement ), effective July 6, 2022, for a lump sum fee of 765 million. 
 In February 2022, in connection with a prior commitment from Cheniere to collateralize financing for Train 6 of the Liquefaction Project: 
 Cheniere Marketing entered into agreements to novate to SPL certain SPAs entered into with ENN LNG (Singapore) Pte Ltd. and a subsidiary of Glencore plc, with effective dates of January 1, 2023 and February 17, 2022, respectively, aggregating approximately 21 million tonnes of LNG to be delivered between 2023 and 2035. 
 The board of directors of Cheniere Partners GP approved the entry by SPL into (1) an agreement to novate to SPL an IPM agreement between Corpus Christi Liquefaction Stage III, LLC CCL Stage III ), formerly a wholly owned direct subsidiary of Cheniere (as purchaser) that merged with and into Corpus Christi Liquefaction, LLC, and Tourmaline to purchase 140,000 MMBtu per day of natural gas at a price based on Platts Japan Korea Marker JKM ), for a term of approximately 15 years beginning in early 2023 (the Tourmaline IPM and (2) a FOB SPA with Cheniere Marketing International LLP to sell LNG associated with the natural gas to be supplied under the IPM agreement. The agreement to assign the Tourmaline IPM agreement from CCL Stage III to SPL was executed and the assignment was effective on March 15, 2022. 
 Operational 
 
 As of February 17, 2023, approximately 1,990 cumulative LNG cargoes totaling over 135 million tonnes of LNG have been produced, loaded and exported from the Liquefaction Project. 
 On October 27, 2022, substantial completion of the third berth at the Sabine Pass LNG Terminal was achieved. 
 On February 4, 2022, substantial completion of Train 6 of the Liquefaction Project was achieved (the Train 6 Completion ). 
 
 Financial 
 
 In December and November 2022, SPL issued an aggregate principal amount of 70 million of 6.293 Senior Secured Notes due 2037 (the 6.293 SPL Senior Notes and 430 million of 5.900 Senior Secured Amortizing Notes due 2037 (the 5.900 SPL Senior Notes ), respectively, with a weighted average life of approximately 9.6 years and 9.5 years, respectively. The proceeds from the 6.293 SPL Senior Notes and the 5.900 SPL Senior Notes, together with cash on hand, were used to redeem the remaining outstanding amount of SPL s 1.5 billion aggregate principal amount of Senior Secured Notes due 2023 (the 2023 SPL Senior Notes ), subsequent to the 300 million redemption in October 2022. 
 In September 2022, Moody s Corporation Moody s upgraded its issuer credit ratings of CQP and SPL from Ba2 and Baa3, respectively, to Ba1 and Baa2, respectively, with a stable outlook. Additionally in September 2022, Fitch Ratings upgraded its issuer credit ratings of CQP and SPL from BB+ and BBB-, respectively, to BBB- and BBB, respectively, both investment grade credit ratings, with a stable outlook. In November 2022, CQP achieved its second issuer investment grade credit rating from S P Global Ratings S P ), as a result of an upgrade from BB+ to BBB, with a stable outlook, which resulted in the release of previous required collateral on CQP s revolving credit facility, changing the status of the facility to unsecured. In February 2023, S P also upgraded its issuer credit ratings of SPL from BBB to BBB+ with stable outlook. 
 We declared aggregate distributions of 4.25 per common unit during the year ended December 31, 2022. On January 27, 2023, we declared a cash distribution of 1.07 per common unit to unitholders of record as of 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 February 6, 2023 and the related general partner distribution that was paid on February 14, 2023. These distributions consist of a base amount of 0.775 per unit and a variable amount of 0.295 per unit. 
 In February 2022, we announced the initiation of quarterly distributions to be comprised of a base amount plus a variable amount, which began with the distribution related to the first quarter of 2022. The variable amount takes into consideration, among other things, amounts reserved for annual debt repayment and capital allocation goals, anticipated capital expenditures to be funded with cash and cash reserves to provide for the proper conduct of the business. 
 
 Market Environment 
 
 The LNG market in 2022 saw unprecedented price volatility across all natural gas and LNG benchmarks. Gas market fundamentals across the globe were tight and exacerbated by the Russia / Ukraine war risks, and later by the drastic reduction in Russian natural gas flows to the European Union EU ). Concerns over low natural gas and LNG inventories and low additional LNG supply availability early in the year were intensified by the war dynamics in Europe and by further constraints on natural gas and LNG supplies caused by the outage at the Freeport LNG facility in June and the explosion on the Nordstream 1 and Nordstream 2 Pipelines in September. Several EU policy initiatives were passed to ensure underground gas storage in the region was filled before winter. Europe had to compete for LNG cargoes resulting in unprecedented price spikes. These conditions were worsened by high coal prices, low nuclear generation output and low hydro levels in Europe, which limited optionality for power generators and deepened the energy crisis in Europe. 
 
 Despite the generally tight supply conditions, according to Kpler, global LNG demand grew by approximately 5 from 2021, adding an additional 19.5 million tonnes to the overall market. LNG imports into Europe and Turkey, increased by 45.9 million tonnes, or 61 year-over-year in 2022. This growth was primarily accompanied by a pronounced slowdown in economic activity in China, which contributed to a 7 decrease in Asia s LNG demand of 19.1 million tonnes from 2021. These sizeable EU LNG requirements resulting from the war fallout and the increase in global demand, especially demand for increased imports to Europe and Turkey, exposed the vulnerability of the LNG industry in terms of supply constraints and under-investments. This was manifested in the price levels and the magnitude of the price spreads between the benchmarks. As an example, the Dutch Title Transfer Facility TTF monthly settlement prices averaged 40.9/MMBtu in 2022, approximately 184 higher than the 14.4/MMBtu average in 2021, and the TTF monthly settlement prices averaged 42.3/MMBtu in the fourth quarter of 2022, approximately 46 higher than the 28.9/MMBtu average in the fourth quarter of 2021. Similarly, the 2022 average settlement price for the JKM increased 128 year-over-year to an average of 34.2/MMBtu in 2022, and the fourth quarter of 2022 average settlement price for the JKM increased 38 year-over-year to an average of 38.5/MMBtu. This extreme price increase triggered a strong supply response from the U.S., which played a significant role in balancing the global LNG market. Despite the outage at Freeport LNG, the U.S. exported approximately 77 million tonnes of LNG in 2022, a gain of approximately 9 from 2021, as the market continued to pull on supplies from our facilities and those of our competitors. Exports from our Liquefaction Project reached 29.1 million tonnes, representing over 70 of the gain in the U.S. total for the year. 
 
 Despite the global impacts of the Russia / Ukraine war, we do not believe we have significant exposure to adverse direct or indirect impacts of the war, as we do not conduct business in Russia and refrain from business dealings with Russian entities. Additionally, we are not aware of any specific adverse direct or indirect effects of the war on our supply chain. Consequently, we believe we are well positioned to help meet the needs of our international LNG customers to overcome their supply shortages. 
 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations 
 
 Year Ended December 31, (in millions, except per unit data) 2022 2021 Variance Revenues LNG revenues 11,507 7,639 3,868 LNG revenues affiliate 4,568 1,472 3,096 LNG revenues related party 1 (1) Regasification revenues 1,068 269 799 Other revenues 63 53 10 Total revenues 17,206 9,434 7,772 Operating costs and expenses Cost of sales (excluding items shown separately below) 11,887 5,290 6,597 Cost of sales affiliate 213 84 129 Cost of sales related party 17 (17) Operating and maintenance expense 757 635 122 Operating and maintenance expense affiliate 166 142 24 Operating and maintenance expense related party 72 46 26 General and administrative expense 5 9 (4) General and administrative expense affiliate 92 85 7 Depreciation and amortization expense 634 557 77 Other 11 (11) Other affiliate 1 (1) Total operating costs and expenses 13,826 6,877 6,949 Income from operations 3,380 2,557 823 Other income (expense) Interest expense, net of capitalized interest (870) (831) (39) Loss on modification or extinguishment of debt (33) (101) 68 Other income, net 21 3 18 Other income affiliate 2 (2) Total other expense (882) (927) 45 Net income 2,498 1,630 868 Basic and diluted net income per common unit 
 3.27 3.00 0.27 
 
 Operational volumes loaded and recognized from the Liquefaction Project 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Variance LNG volumes loaded and recognized as revenues (in TBtu) (1) 1,520 1,288 232 
 
 (1) The year ended December 31, 2021 includes eight TBtu that were loaded at our affiliate s facility. 
 
 Net income . The 868 million increase in net income for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the same period of 2021 was primarily attributable to: 
 increased LNG revenues, net of cost of sales and excluding the effect of derivative losses (as further described below), of 1.4 billion, approximately half of which was attributable to higher margins on sales indexed to Henry Hub, with variable consideration on our long-term SPAs generally priced at 115 of Henry Hub, and half of which was attributable to increased volume delivered between the comparable periods, in part due to the Train 6 Completion; and 
 additional income resulting from the lump sum fee from Chevron of 765 million related to the Termination Agreement, as discussed in Overview of Significant Events ; 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 These favorable variance drivers were partially offset by: 
 an unfavorable variance of 1.2 billion in derivative losses from changes in fair value in the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the same period of 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2022 we incurred losses of 757 million on the derivative liability associated with the Tourmaline IPM agreement following its assignment to SPL from CCL Stage III in March 2022. See Overview of Significant Events for further discussion of the assignment. The associated losses following the assignment were primarily attributed to SPL s lower credit risk profile relative to that of CCL Stage III, resulting in a higher derivative liability given reduced risk of SPL s own nonperformance, and unfavorable shifts in the international forward commodity curve. 
 The following is additional detailed discussion of the significant variance drivers of the change in net income by line item: 
 Revenues . 7.8 billion increase between comparable periods primarily attributable to: 
 5.2 billion increase due to higher pricing per MMBtu, from increased Henry Hub pricing; 
 1.8 billion increase due to higher volumes of LNG delivered between the periods, which increased 38 TBtu or 5 , as result of the additional production capacity of approximately 5 mtpa arising from the Train 6 Completion; and 
 799 million increase in regasification revenues, due to the acceleration of regasification revenues from the Termination Agreement with Chevron, as described above in Overview of Significant Events . 
 Operating costs and expenses . 6.9 billion increase between comparable periods primarily attributable to: 
 5.5 billion increase in cost of sales excluding the effect of derivative losses described below, primarily as a result of 5.4 billion in increased cost of natural gas feedstock largely due to higher U.S. natural gas prices and, to a lesser extent, from increased volume of natural gas liquified and delivered as LNG, as discussed above under the caption Revenues ; and 
 1.2 billion unfavorable variance in derivative losses from changes in fair value and settlements included in cost of sales, from 32 million derivative gain in the year ended December 31, 2021 to 1.2 billion derivative loss in the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily due to non-cash unfavorable changes in fair value of our commodity derivatives that are attributed to positions indexed to international gas prices, specifically associated with the Tourmaline IPM agreement that was assigned to us as discussed in Net income above. 
 Other income (expense) . 45 million decrease in total other expense between comparable periods primarily attributable to: 
 68 million decrease in loss on modification or extinguishment of debt, primarily due to a reduction in premiums paid for the early redemption or repayment of debt principal, as further described under Financing Cash Flows in Sources and Uses of Cash within Liquidity and Capital Resources, partially offset by a 31 million loss associated with a premium paid to Chevron to terminate a revenue sharing agreement between the parties; partially offset by 
 39 million increase in interest expense, net of capitalized interest, as a result of a result of a lower portion of total interest costs eligible for capitalization following the Train 6 Completion, which was partially offset by lower interest cost as a result of reduced outstanding debt between the periods. 
 Significant factors affecting our results of operations 
 
 In addition to sources and uses of liquidity as discussed in Liquidity and Capital Resources , below are additional significant factors that affect our results of operations. 
 
 Gains and losses on derivative instruments 
 
 Derivative instruments are utilized to manage our exposure to commodity-related marketing and price risks and are reported at fair value on our Consolidated Financial Statements. For commodity derivative instruments related to our IPM agreement assigned to us during the year ended December 31, 2022 as described further in Overview of Significant Events , the underlying LNG sales being economically hedged are accounted for under the accrual method of accounting, whereby revenues expected to be derived from the future LNG sales are recognized only upon delivery or realization of the underlying transaction. Because the recognition of derivative instruments at fair value has the effect of recognizing gains or losses relating to future period exposure, and given the significant volumes, long-term duration and volatility in price basis for certain of our derivative contracts, use of derivative instruments may result in continued volatility of our results of operations based on changes in 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 market pricing, counterparty credit risk and other relevant factors that may be outside our control, notwithstanding the operational intent to mitigate risk exposure over time. 
 
 Commissioning cargoes 
 
 Prior to substantial completion of a Train, amounts received from the sale of commissioning cargoes from that Train are offset against LNG terminal construction-in-process, because these amounts are earned or loaded during the testing phase for the construction of that Train. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we realized offsets to LNG terminal costs of 148 million and 105 million, respectively, corresponding to 13 TBtu and 12 TBtu, respectively, that were related to the sale of commissioning cargoes from Train 6 of the Liquefaction Project. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 The following information describes our ability to generate and obtain adequate amounts of cash to meet our requirements in the short term and the long term. In the short term, we expect to meet our cash requirements using operating cash flows and available liquidity, consisting of cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash and cash equivalents and available commitments under our credit facilities. In the long term, we expect to meet our cash requirements using operating cash flows and other future potential sources of liquidity, which may include debt offerings by us or our subsidiaries and equity offerings by us. The table below provides a summary of our available liquidity (in millions). Future material sources of liquidity are discussed below. 
 December 31, 2022 Cash and cash equivalents 904 Restricted cash and cash equivalents designated for the Liquefaction Project 92 Available commitments under our credit facilities (1): SPL s Working capital revolving credit and letter of credit reimbursement agreement 872 CQP s credit facilities 750 Total available commitments under our credit facilities 1,622 Total available liquidity 2,618 
 
 (1) Available commitments represent total commitments less loans outstanding and letters of credit issued under each of our credit facilities as of December 31, 2022. See Note 11 Debt of our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on our credit facilities and other debt instruments. 
 
 Our liquidity position subsequent to December 31, 2022 will be driven by future sources of liquidity and future cash requirements as further discussed below under the caption Future Sources and Uses of Liquidity . 
 
 Although our sources and uses of cash are presented below from a consolidated standpoint, we and our subsidiary SPL operate with independent capital structures. Certain restrictions under debt instruments executed by SPL limit its ability to distribute cash, including the following: 
 SPL is required to deposit all cash received into restricted cash and cash equivalents accounts under certain of their debt agreements. The usage or withdrawal of such cash is restricted to the payment of liabilities related to the Liquefaction Project and other restricted payments. In addition, SPL s operating expenses are managed by subsidiaries of Cheniere under affiliate agreements, which may require SPL to advance cash to the respective affiliates, however the cash remains restricted to CQP for operation and construction of the Liquefaction Project; and 
 SPL is restricted by affirmative and negative covenants included in certain of its debt agreements in its ability to make certain payments, including distributions, unless specific requirements are satisfied. 
 
 Notwithstanding the restrictions noted above, we believe that sufficient flexibility exists to enable each independent capital structure to meet its currently anticipated cash requirements. The sources of liquidity at SPL primarily fund the cash requirements of SPL, and any remaining liquidity not subject to restriction, as supplemented by liquidity provided by SPLNG, is available to enable CQP to meet its cash requirements. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 Supplemental Guarantor Information 
 
 The 1.5 billion of 4.500 Senior Notes due 2029, 1.5 billion of 4.000 Senior Notes due 2031 (the 2031 CQP Senior Notes and 1.2 billion of 3.25 Senior Notes due 2032 (collectively, the CQP Senior Notes are jointly and severally guaranteed by each of our subsidiaries other than SPL and, subject to certain conditions governing its guarantee, Sabine Pass LP (each a Guarantor and collectively, the CQP Guarantors ). 
 
 The CQP Guarantors guarantees are full and unconditional, subject to certain release provisions including (1) the sale, disposition or transfer (by merger, consolidation or otherwise) of the capital stock or all or substantially all of the assets of the CQP Guarantors, (2) upon the liquidation or dissolution of a Guarantor, (3) following the release of a Guarantor from its guarantee obligations and (4) upon the legal defeasance or satisfaction and discharge of obligations under the indenture governing the CQP Senior Notes. In the event of a default in payment of the principal or interest by us, whether at maturity of the CQP Senior Notes or by declaration of acceleration, call for redemption or otherwise, legal proceedings may be instituted against the CQP Guarantors to enforce the guarantee. 
 
 The rights of holders of the CQP Senior Notes against the CQP Guarantors may be limited under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code or state fraudulent transfer or conveyance law. Each guarantee contains a provision intended to limit the Guarantor s liability to the maximum amount that it could incur without causing the incurrence of obligations under its guarantee to be a fraudulent conveyance or transfer under U.S. federal or state law. However, there can be no assurance as to what standard a court will apply in making a determination of the maximum liability of the CQP Guarantors. Moreover, this provision may not be effective to protect the guarantee from being voided under fraudulent conveyance laws. There is a possibility that the entire guarantee may be set aside, in which case the entire liability may be extinguished. 
 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 The following tables include summarized financial information of CQP (the Parent Issuer ), and the CQP Guarantors (together with the Parent Issuer, the Obligor Group on a combined basis. Investments in and equity in the earnings of SPL and, subject to certain conditions governing its guarantee, Sabine Pass LP (collectively with SPL, the Non-Guarantors ), which are not currently members of the Obligor Group, have been excluded. Intercompany balances and transactions between entities in the Obligor Group have been eliminated. Although the creditors of the Obligor Group have no claim against the Non-Guarantors, the Obligor Group may gain access to the assets of the Non-Guarantors upon bankruptcy, liquidation or reorganization of the Non-Guarantors due to its investment in these entities. However, such claims to the assets of the Non-Guarantors would be subordinated to the any claims by the Non-Guarantors creditors, including trade creditors. 
 
 Summarized Balance Sheets (in millions) December 31, 2022 2021 ASSETS Current assets Cash and cash equivalents 904 876 Accounts receivable from Non-Guarantors 55 49 Other current assets 40 53 Current assets affiliate 171 137 Current assets with Non-Guarantors 1 Total current assets 1,170 1,116 Property, plant and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation 2,946 2,422 Other non-current assets, net 109 119 Total assets 4,225 3,657 LIABILITIES Current liabilities Due to affiliates 193 167 Deferred revenue from Non-Guarantors 24 22 Other current liabilities 95 95 Other current liabilities from Non-Guarantors 2 Total current liabilities 314 284 Long-term debt, net of premium, discount and debt issuance costs 4,159 4,154 Finance lease liabilities 18 Other non-current liabilities 78 87 Non-current liabilities affiliate 18 15 Total liabilities 4,587 4,540 
 
 Summarized Statement of Income (in millions) Year Ended December 31, 2022 Revenues 1,132 Revenues from Non-Guarantors 544 Total revenues 1,676 Operating costs and expenses 208 Operating costs and expenses affiliate 203 Total operating costs and expenses 411 Income from operations 1,265 Net income 1,045 
 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 Future Sources and Uses of Liquidity 
 
 Future Sources of Liquidity under Executed Contracts 
 
 Because many of our sales contracts have long-term durations, we are contractually entitled to significant future consideration under our SPAs and TUAs which has not yet been recognized as revenue. This future consideration is in most cases not yet legally due to us and was not reflected on our Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022. In addition, a significant portion of this future consideration is subject to variability as discussed more specifically below. We anticipate that this consideration will be available to meet liquidity needs in the future. The following table summarizes our estimate of future material sources of liquidity to be received from executed contracts as of December 31, 2022 (in billions): 
 Estimated Revenues Under Executed Contracts by Period (1) 2023 2024 - 2027 
 Thereafter Total LNG revenues (fixed fees) (2) 3.7 14.7 34.4 52.8 LNG revenues (variable fees) (2) (3) 8.1 30.6 69.9 108.6 Regasification revenues 0.1 0.5 0.2 0.8 Total 11.9 45.8 104.5 162.2 
 
 (1) Agreements in force as of December 31, 2022 that have terms dependent on project milestone dates are based on the estimated dates as of December 31, 2022. The timing of revenue recognition under GAAP may not align with cash receipts, although we do not consider the timing difference to be material. The estimates above reflect management s assumptions and currently known market conditions and other factors as of December 31, 2022. Estimates are not guarantees of future performance and actual results may differ materially as a result of a variety of factors described in this annual report on Form 10-K. 
 (2) LNG revenues (including 2.0 billion and 12.9 billion of fixed fees and variable fees, respectively, from affiliates) exclude revenues from contracts with original expected durations of one year or less. Fixed fees are fees that are due to us regardless of whether a customer exercises their contractual right to not take delivery of an LNG cargo under the contract. Variable fees are receivable only in connection with LNG cargoes that are delivered. 
 (3) LNG revenues (variable fees, including affiliate) reflect the assumption that customers elect to take delivery of all cargoes made available under the contract. LNG revenues (variable fees, including affiliate) are based on estimated forward prices and basis spreads as of December 31, 2022. The pricing structure of our SPA arrangements with our customers incorporates a variable fee per MMBtu of LNG generally equal to 115 of Henry Hub, which is paid upon delivery, thus limiting our net exposure to future increases in natural gas prices. Certain of our contracts contain additional variable consideration based on the outcome of contingent events and the movement of various indexes. We have not included such variable consideration to the extent the consideration is considered constrained due to the uncertainty of ultimate pricing and receipt. 
 
 LNG Revenues 
 
 Through our SPAs and IPM agreement, we have contracted approximately 85 of the total production capacity from the Liquefaction Project, with approximately 15 years of weighted average remaining life as of December 31, 2022. The majority of the contracted capacity is comprised of fixed-price, long-term SPAs that SPL has executed with third parties to sell LNG from the Liquefaction Project. Under the SPAs, the customers purchase LNG on a free on board FOB basis for a price consisting of a fixed fee per MMBtu of LNG (a portion of which is subject to annual adjustment for inflation) plus a variable fee per MMBtu of LNG generally equal to 115 of Henry Hub. Certain customers may elect to cancel or suspend deliveries of LNG cargoes, with advance notice as governed by each respective SPA, in which case the customers would still be required to pay the fixed fee with respect to the contracted volumes that are not delivered as a result of such cancellation or suspension. The variable fees under our SPAs were generally sized with the intention to cover the costs of gas purchases and variable transportation and liquefaction fuel to produce the LNG to be sold under each such SPA. In aggregate, the annual fixed fee portion to be paid by the third party SPA customers is approximately 3.4 billion for the Liquefaction Project. Our long-term SPA customers consist of creditworthy counterparties, with an average credit rating of A, A2 and A by S P, Moody s and Fitch, respectively. A discussion of revenues under our SPAs can be found in Note 13 Revenues of our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 In addition to the third party SPAs discussed above, SPL has executed agreements with Cheniere Marketing under SPAs and letter agreements at a price equal to 115 of Henry Hub plus a fixed fee, except for an SPA associated with an IPM agreement for which pricing is linked to international natural gas prices. 
 
 In August 2020, we entered into an arrangement with subsidiaries of Cheniere to provide the ability, in limited circumstances, to potentially fulfill commitments to LNG buyers in the event certain conditions impact operations at either the Sabine Pass or Corpus Christi liquefaction facilities. The purchase price for such cargoes would be (i) 115 of the applicable natural gas feedstock purchase price or (ii) a free-on-board U.S. Gulf Coast LNG market price, whichever is greater. 
 
 Regasification Revenues 
 
 SPLNG has a long-term, third party TUA with TotalEnergies Gas Power North America, Inc. TotalEnergies ), under which TotalEnergies is required to pay fixed monthly fees, whether or not it uses the approximately 1 Bcf/d of the regasification capacity it has reserved at the Sabine Pass LNG Terminal. TotalEnergies is obligated to make monthly capacity payments to SPLNG aggregating approximately 125 million annually, prior to inflation adjustments, for 20 years that commenced in 2009. Total S.A. has guaranteed TotalEnergies obligations under its TUA up to 2.5 billion, subject to certain exceptions. 
 
 SPLNG has also entered into a TUA with SPL to reserve approximately 2 Bcf/d of the regasification capacity at the Sabine Pass LNG Terminal. SPL is obligated to make monthly capacity payments to SPLNG aggregating approximately 250 million annually, prior to inflation adjustments, continuing until at least May 2036. SPL entered into a partial TUA assignment agreement with TotalEnergies, whereby SPL gained access to substantially all of TotalEnergies capacity and other services provided under TotalEnergies TUA with SPLNG that started in 2019. Notwithstanding any arrangements between TotalEnergies and SPL, payments required to be made by TotalEnergies to SPLNG will continue to be made by TotalEnergies to SPLNG in accordance with its TUA. Payments made by SPL to TotalEnergies under this partial TUA assignment agreement are included in other purchase obligations in the Future Cash Requirements for Operations and Capital Expenditures under Executed Contracts table below. Full discussion of the partial TUA assignment and SPLNG s TUA agreements can be found in Note 13 Revenues of our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Additional Future Sources of Liquidity 
 
 Available Commitments under Credit Facilities 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 1.6 billion in available commitments under our credit facilities, subject to compliance with the applicable covenants, to potentially meet liquidity needs. Our credit facilities mature between 2024 and 2025. 
 
 Future Cash Requirements for Operations and Capital Expenditures under Executed Contracts 
 
 We are committed to make future cash payments for operations and capital expenditures pursuant to certain of our contracts. The following table summarizes our estimate of material cash requirements for operations and capital expenditures under executed contracts as of December 31, 2022 (in billions): 
 Estimated Payments Due Under Executed Contracts by Period (1) 2023 2024 - 2027 
 Thereafter Total Purchase obligations (2): Natural gas supply agreements (3) 6.4 12.7 7.3 26.4 Natural gas transportation and storage service agreements (4) 0.3 1.1 2.3 3.7 Other purchase obligations (5) 0.3 0.9 1.2 2.4 Leases (6) 0.1 0.1 0.2 Total 7.0 14.8 10.9 32.7 
 
 (1) Agreements in force as of December 31, 2022 that have terms dependent on project milestone dates are based on the estimated dates as of December 31, 2022. The estimates above reflect management s assumptions and currently known market conditions and other factors as of December 31, 2022. Estimates are not guarantees of future 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 performance and actual results may differ materially as a result of a variety of factors described in this annual report on Form 10-K. 
 (2) Purchase obligations consist of agreements to purchase goods or services that are enforceable and legally binding that specify fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased. We include contracts for which we have an early termination option if the option is not currently expected to be exercised. We include contracts with unsatisfied conditions precedent if the conditions are currently expected to be met. 
 (3) Pricing of natural gas supply agreements is based on estimated forward prices and basis spreads as of December 31, 2022. Pricing of our IPM agreement is based on global gas market prices less fixed liquefaction fees and certain costs incurred by us. Includes 0.4 billion under natural gas supply agreements with unsatisfied conditions precedent. 
 (4) Includes 0.3 billion of purchase obligations to related parties under the natural gas transportation and storage service agreements. 
 (5) Other purchase obligations include payments under SPL s partial TUA assignment agreement with TotalEnergies, as discussed in Regasification Revenues above, and 1.3 billion of purchase obligations to affiliates under service agreements. 
 (6) Leases include payments under operating leases and finance leases. Certain of our leases also contain variable payments, such as inflation, which are not included above unless the contract terms require the payment of a fixed amount that is unavoidable. Payments during renewal options that are exercisable at our sole discretion are included only to the extent that the option is believed to be reasonably certain to be exercised. 
 
 Natural Gas Supply, Transportation and Storage Service Agreements 
 
 We have secured natural gas feedstock for the Sabine Pass LNG Terminal through long-term natural gas supply and an IPM agreement. Under our IPM agreement, we pay for natural gas feedstock based on global gas market prices less fixed liquefaction fees and certain costs incurred by us. While our IPM agreement is not a revenue contract for accounting purposes, the payment structure for the purchase of natural gas under the IPM agreement generates a take-or-pay style fixed liquefaction fee, assuming that LNG produced from the natural gas feedstock is subsequently sold at a price approximating the global LNG market price paid for the natural gas feedstock purchase. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we have secured approximately 84 of the natural gas supply required to support the total forecasted production capacity of the Liquefaction Project during 2023. Natural gas supply secured decreases as a percentage of forecasted production capacity beyond 2023. Natural gas supply is generally secured on an indexed pricing basis, with title transfer occurring upon receipt of the commodity. As further described in the LNG Revenues section above, the pricing structure of our SPA arrangements with our customers incorporates a variable fee per MMBtu of LNG generally equal to 115 of Henry Hub, which is paid upon delivery, thus limiting our net exposure to future increases in natural gas prices. Inclusive of amounts under contracts with unsatisfied conditions precedent as of December 31, 2022, we have secured up to 5,785 TBtu of natural gas feedstock through agreements with remaining terms that range up to 15 years. A discussion of our natural gas supply and IPM agreements can be found in Note 8 Derivative Instruments of our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 To ensure that we are able to transport natural gas feedstock to the Sabine Pass LNG Terminal, we have entered into firm pipeline transportation and other agreements to secure firm pipeline transportation capacity from third party pipeline companies. We have also entered into firm storage services agreements with third parties to assist in managing variability in natural gas needs for the Liquefaction Project. 
 
 Capital Expenditures 
 
 Although we do not currently have any material capital expenditures under executed contracts, we expect to incur ongoing capital expenditures to maintain our facilities and other assets, as well as to optimize our existing assets and purchase new assets that are intended to grow our productive capacity. See Financially Disciplined Growth section for further discussion. 
 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 Leases 
 
 We have entered into leases for the use of tug vessels and land sites. A discussion of our lease obligations can be found in Note 12 Leases of our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Additional Future Cash Requirements for Operations and Capital Expenditures 
 
 Corporate Activities 
 
 We rely on our general partner to manage all aspects of the development, construction, operation and maintenance of the Sabine Pass LNG Terminal and the Liquefaction Project and to conduct our business. Because our general partner has no employees, it relies on subsidiaries of Cheniere to provide the personnel necessary to allow it to meet its management obligations to us, SPLNG, SPL and CTPL. As of December 31, 2022, Cheniere and its subsidiaries had 1,551 full-time employees, including 517 employees who directly supported the Sabine Pass LNG Terminal operations. See Note 14 Related Party Transactions of our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of the services agreements pursuant to which general and administrative services are provided to us, SPLNG, SPL and CTPL. 
 
 Financially Disciplined Growth 
 
 Our significant land position at the Sabine Pass LNG Terminal provides potential development and investment opportunities for further liquefaction capacity expansion at strategically advantaged locations with proximity to pipeline infrastructure and resources. We expect that any potential future expansion at the Sabine Pass LNG Terminal would increase cash requirements to support expanded operations, although expansion could be designed to leverage shared infrastructure to reduce the incremental costs of any potential expansion. 
 
 Future Cash Requirements for Financing under Executed Contracts 
 
 We are committed to make future cash payments for financing pursuant to certain of our contracts. The following table summarizes our estimate of material cash requirements for financing under executed contracts as of December 31, 2022 (in billions): 
 Estimated Payments Due Under Executed Contracts by Period (1) 2023 2024 - 2027 
 Thereafter Total Debt (2) 7.2 9.1 16.3 Interest payments (2) 0.8 2.3 1.2 4.3 Total 0.8 9.5 10.3 20.6 
 
 (1) The estimates above reflect management s assumptions and currently known market conditions and other factors as of December 31, 2022. Estimates are not guarantees of future performance and actual results may differ materially as a result of a variety of factors described in this annual report on Form 10-K. 
 (2) Debt and interest payments are based on the total debt balance, scheduled contractual maturities and fixed or estimated forward interest rates in effect at December 31, 2022. Debt and interest payments do not contemplate repurchases, repayments and retirements that we expect to make prior to contractual maturity. See further discussion in Note 11 Debt of our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Debt 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, our debt complex was comprised of senior notes with an aggregate outstanding principal balance of 16.3 billion and credit facilities with no outstanding balances. As of December 31, 2022, we and SPL were in compliance with all covenants related to their respective debt agreements. Further discussion of our debt obligations, including the restrictions imposed by these arrangements, can be found in Note 11 Debt of our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 Interest 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, our senior notes had a weighted average contractual interest rate of 4.83 . Borrowings under our credit facilities are indexed to LIBOR, which is expected to be phased out in 2023. We intend to continue working with our lenders to pursue amendments to our debt agreements that are currently indexed to LIBOR. Undrawn commitments under our credit facilities are subject to commitment fees ranging from 0.10 to 0.638 , subject to change based on the applicable entity s credit rating. Issued letters of credit under our credit facilities are subject to letter of credit fees ranging from 1.125 to 1.75 . We had 328 million aggregate amount of issued letters of credit under our credit facilities as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Additional Future Cash Requirements for Financing 
 
 CQP Distribution 
 
 Our partnership agreement requires that, within 45 days after the end of each quarter, we distribute all of our available cash (as defined in our partnership agreement). Our available cash is our cash on hand at the end of a quarter less the amount of any reserves established by our general partner. All distributions paid to date have been made from accumulated operating surplus. 
 
 Revised Capital Allocation Plan 
 
 In September 2022, the board of directors of Cheniere approved a revised long-term capital allocation plan, which may involve the repayment, redemption or repurchase, on the open market or otherwise, of debt, including senior notes of CQP and SPL. During the year ended December 31, 2022, 1.5 billion of 2023 SPL Senior Notes were redeemed pursuant to the capital allocation plan. 

Sources and Uses of Cash 
 
 The following table summarizes the sources and uses of our cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash and cash equivalents (in millions). The table presents capital expenditures on a cash basis; therefore, these amounts differ from the amounts of capital expenditures, including accruals, which are referred to elsewhere in this report. Additional discussion of these items follows the table. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Net cash provided by operating activities 4,149 2,291 Net cash used in investing activities (451) (648) Net cash used in financing activities (3,676) (1,976) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash and cash equivalents 22 (333) 
 
 Operating Cash Flows 
 
 Our operating cash net inflows during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 4.1 billion and 2.3 billion, respectively. The 1.9 billion increase was primarily related to increased cash receipts from the sale of LNG cargoes due to higher revenue per MMBtu, higher volume of LNG delivered. Additionally, a portion of the increase was related to the receipt of the lump sum Termination Fee from Chevron related to the Termination Agreement, as further described in Overview of Significant Events , of which 796 million of cash inflows were allocable to the termination of the TUA, while an offsetting 31 million was recognized as a loss on extinguishment of debt allocable to a premium paid to Chevron to terminate a revenue sharing arrangement with them that was accounted for as debt, as discussed below under Financing Cash Flows . Partially offsetting these operating cash inflows were higher operating cash outflows primarily due to higher natural gas feedstock costs. 
 
 Investing Cash Flows 
 
 Cash outflows for property, plant and equipment were primarily for the construction costs for Train 6 of the Liquefaction Project, which achieved substantial completion on February 4, 2022. 
 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 Financing Cash Flows 
 
 Our financing cash net outflows during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 3.7 billion and 2.0 billion, respectively. The 1.7 billion increase in outflows between the periods was primarily related to an increase in cash distributions to unitholders of 1.2 billion and an increase of 507 million of net outflows related to debt activity, each described further below. 
 
 Debt Activity 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, SPL issued an aggregate principal amount of 430 million of 5.900 SPL Senior Notes and 70 million of 6.293 SPL Senior Notes. We incurred 7 million of debt issuance costs related to these issuances. The proceeds of these issuances, together with cash on hand, were used to redeem 1.5 billion in aggregate principal amount of 2023 SPL Senior Notes. We paid 1 million of debt extinguishment costs related to premiums associated with this redemption. Additionally, during the year ended December 31, 2022, we had borrowings and repayments of 60 million on the SPL Working Capital Facility. In addition, during the year ended December 31, 2022, we paid 31 million loss on extinguishment associated with the Termination Agreement with Chevron. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, we issued an aggregate principal amount of 1.5 billion of the 2031 CQP Senior Notes and 1.2 billion of the 3.25 Senior Notes due 2032 (the 2032 CQP Senior Notes ), and SPL issued 482 million of Senior Secured Notes due 2037 on a private placement basis (the 2037 SPL Private Placement Notes ). We incurred 39 million of debt issuance costs related to these issuances. The proceeds of these issuances, together with cash on hand, were used to redeem the 1.5 billion principal amount of the 2025 CQP Senior Notes, 1.1 billion of the 2026 CQP Senior Notes and 1.0 billion of SPL s 6.25 Senior Secured Notes due 2022. We paid 76 million of debt extinguishment costs related to premiums associated with this redemption. 
 
 Cash Distributions to Unitholders 
 
 Our partnership agreement requires that, within 45 days after the end of each quarter, we distribute all of our available cash (as defined in our partnership agreement). Our available cash is our cash on hand at the end of a quarter less the amount of any reserves established by our general partner. All distributions paid to date have been made from accumulated operating surplus. The following provides a summary of distributions paid by us during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 Total Distribution (in millions) Date Paid Period Covered by Distribution Distribution Per Common Unit Common Units General Partner Units Incentive Distribution Rights November 14, 2022 July 1 - September 30, 2022 1.070 518 15 220 August 12, 2022 April 1 - June 30, 2022 1.060 513 15 215 May 13, 2022 January 1 - March 31, 2022 1.050 508 15 210 February 14, 2022 October 1 - December 31, 2021 0.700 339 8 47 November 12, 2021 July 1 - September 30, 2021 0.680 329 8 39 August 13, 2021 April 1 - June 30, 2021 0.665 322 7 32 May 14, 2021 January 1 - March 31, 2021 0.660 320 7 30 February 12, 2021 October 1 - December 31, 2020 0.655 316 7 27 
 
 In addition, Tug Services distributed 12 million and 9 million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, to Cheniere Terminals in accordance with their terminal marine service agreement, which is recognized as part of the distributions to the holder of our general partner interest. 
 
 On January 27, 2023, we declared a cash distribution of 1.07 per common unit to unitholders of record as of February 6, 2023 and the related general partner distribution that was paid on February 14, 2023. These distributions consist of a base amount of 0.775 per unit and a variable amount of 0.295 per unit. 

Summary of Critical Accounting Estimates 
 
 The preparation of our Consolidated Financial Statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make certain estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the Consolidated Financial Statements and the 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 accompanying notes. Management evaluates its estimates and related assumptions regularly, including those related to the valuation of derivative instruments. Changes in facts and circumstances or additional information may result in revised estimates, and actual results may differ from these estimates. Management considers the following to be its most critical accounting estimates that involve significant judgment. 
 
 Fair Value of Level 3 Physical Liquefaction Supply Derivatives 
 
 All derivative instruments are recorded at fair value, other than certain derivatives for which we have elected to apply accrual accounting, as described in Note 3 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies of our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. We record changes in the fair value of our derivative positions through earnings based on the value for which the derivative instrument could be exchanged between willing parties. Valuation of our physical liquefaction supply derivative contracts is often developed through the use of internal models which includes significant unobservable inputs representing Level 3 fair value measurements as further described in Note 3 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies of our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. In instances where observable data is unavailable, consideration is given to the assumptions that market participants would use in valuing the asset or liability. This includes assumptions about market risks, such as future prices of energy units for unobservable periods, liquidity and adjustments for transportation prices, and associated events deriving fair value, including, but not limited to, evaluation of whether the respective market exists from the perspective of market participants as infrastructure is developed. 
 Additionally, the valuation of certain physical liquefaction supply derivatives requires significant judgment in estimating underlying forward commodity curves due to periods of unobservability or limited liquidity. Such valuations are more susceptible to variability particularly when markets are volatile. Provided below are the changes in fair value from valuation of instruments valued through the use of internal models which incorporate significant unobservable inputs for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (in millions), which entirely consisted of physical liquefaction supply derivatives. The changes in fair value shown are limited to instruments still held at the end of each respective period. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Favorable (unfavorable) changes in fair value relating to instruments still held at the end of the period 
 (1,032) 74 
 
 The unfavorable change in unrealized loss on instruments held at December 31, 2022 is primarily attributed to the assignment of an IPM agreement to SPL in March 2022, which is valued based on estimated forward international LNG commodity curves. For additional discussion of the assignment of the IPM agreement, see Note 1 8 Supplemental Cash Flow Information of our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 The estimated fair value of level 3 derivatives recognized in our Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 amounted to an asset (liability) of (3.7) billion and 38 million, respectively, consisting entirely of physical liquefaction supply derivatives. 
 
 The ultimate fair value of our derivative instruments is uncertain, and we believe that it is reasonably possible that a material change in the estimated fair value could occur in the near future, particularly as it relates to commodity prices given the level of volatility in the current year. See Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk for further analysis of the sensitivity of the fair value of our derivatives to hypothetical changes in underlying prices. 

Recent Accounting Standards 
 
 For a summary of recently issued accounting standards, see Note 3 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies of our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 Marketing and Trading Commodity Price Risk 
 
 We have entered into commodity derivatives consisting of natural gas supply contracts for the operation of the Liquefaction Project Liquefaction Supply Derivatives ). In order to test the sensitivity of the fair value of the Liquefaction Supply Derivatives to changes in underlying commodity prices, management modeled a 10 change in the commodity price for natural gas for each delivery location as follows (in millions): 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Fair Value Change in Fair Value Fair Value Change in Fair Value Liquefaction Supply Derivatives (3,741) 565 27 1 
 
 See Note 8 Derivative Instruments of our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional details about our derivative instruments. 
 
 45 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 CHENIERE ENERGY PARTNERS, L.P. 

 Management s Report to the Unitholders of Cheniere Energy Partners, L.P. 
 47 
 Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 48 
 Consolidated Statements of Income 
 52 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 53 
 Consolidated Statements of Partners Equity (Deficit) 
 54 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 55 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 56 
 Note 1 Organization and Nature of Operations 
 56 
 Note 2 Unitholders Equity 
 56 
 Note 3 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 56 
 Note 4 Restricted Cash and Cash Equivalents 
 62 
 Note 5 Trade and Other Receivables, Net of Current Expected Credit Losses 
 62 
 Note 6 Inventory 
 62 
 Note 7 Property, Plant and Equipment, Net of Accumulated Depreciation 
 62 
 Note 8 Derivative Instruments 
 63 
 Note 9 Other Non-current Assets, Net 
 67 
 Note 10 Accrued Liabilities 
 67 
 Note 11 Debt 
 67 
 Note 12 Leases 
 70 
 Note 13 Revenues 
 71 
 Note 14 Related Party Transactions 
 75 
 Note 15 Net Income per Common Unit 
 77 
 Note 16 Commitments and Contingencies 
 78 
 Note 17 Customer Concentration 
 80 
 Note 18 Supplemental Cash Flow Information 
 80 

46 

Table of Contents 

 MANAGEMENT S REPORT TO THE UNITHOLDERS OF CHENIERE ENERGY PARTNERS, L.P. 
 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 As management, we are responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for Cheniere Energy Partners, L.P. Cheniere Partners and its subsidiaries. In order to evaluate the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, as required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, we have conducted an assessment, including testing using the criteria in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). Cheniere Partners system of internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements and, even when determined to be effective, can only provide reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. 
 
 Based on our assessment, we have concluded that Cheniere Partners maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. 
 
 Cheniere Partners independent registered public accounting firm, KPMG LLP, has issued an audit report on Cheniere Partners internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, which is contained in this Form 10-K. 
 
 Management s Certifications 
 
 The certifications of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Cheniere Partners general partner required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 have been included as Exhibits 31 and 32 in Cheniere Partners Form 10-K. 
 
 Cheniere Energy Partners, L.P. By: Cheniere Energy Partners GP, LLC, Its general partner 
 
 By: /s/ Jack A. Fusco By: /s/ Zach Davis Jack A. Fusco Zach Davis President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 47 

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the Unitholders of Cheniere Energy Partners, L.P. and 
 Board of Directors of Cheniere Energy Partners GP, LLC 
 Cheniere Energy Partners, L.P.: 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Cheniere Energy Partners, L.P. and subsidiaries (the Partnership) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, partners equity (deficit), and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and financial statement schedule I (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Partnership as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Partnership s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, and our report dated February 22, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Partnership s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Partnership s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Partnership in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of a critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Fair value of the level 3 physical liquefaction supply derivatives 
 As discussed in Notes 3 and 8 to the consolidated financial statements, the Partnership recorded fair value of level 3 physical liquefaction supply derivatives of (3,719) million, as of December 31, 2022. The physical liquefaction supply derivatives consist of natural gas supply contracts for the operation of the liquefied natural gas facility. The fair value of the level 3 physical liquefaction supply derivatives is developed using internal models that incorporate significant unobservable inputs. 
 We identified the evaluation of the fair value of the level 3 physical liquefaction supply derivatives as a critical audit matter. Specifically, there is subjectivity in certain assumptions used to estimate the fair value, including assumptions for future prices of energy units for unobservable periods and liquidity. 

48 

Table of Contents 

The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls related to the valuation of the level 3 physical liquefaction supply derivatives. This included controls related to the assumptions for significant unobservable inputs and the fair value model. For a selection of level 3 liquefaction supply derivatives, we involved valuation professionals with specialized skills and knowledge who assisted in: 
 evaluating the future prices of energy units for observable periods by comparing to market data, including quoted or published forward prices 
 developing independent fair value estimates and comparing the independently developed estimates to the Company s fair value estimates. 
 In addition, we evaluated the Partnership s assumptions for future prices of energy units for unobservable periods and liquidity by comparing them to market or third-party data, including adjustments for third party quoted transportation prices. 

/s/ KPMG LLP KPMG LLP 

We have served as the Partnership s auditor since 2014. 
 
 Houston, Texas 
 February 22, 2023 

49 

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the Unitholders of Cheniere Energy Partners, L.P. and 
 Board of Directors of Cheniere Energy Partners GP, LLC 
 Cheniere Energy Partners, L.P.: 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited Cheniere Energy Partners, L.P. and subsidiaries (the Partnership) internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. In our opinion, the Partnership maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Partnership as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, partners equity (deficit), and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and financial statement schedule I (collectively, the consolidated financial statements), and our report dated February 22, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Partnership s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Partnership s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Partnership in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

50 

Table of Contents 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 /s/ KPMG LLP KPMG LLP 
 Houston, Texas 
 February 22, 2023 

51 

Table of Contents 
 CHENIERE ENERGY PARTNERS, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 (in millions, except per unit data) 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Revenues LNG revenues LNG revenues affiliate LNG revenues related party Regasification revenues Other revenues Total revenues Operating costs and expenses Cost of sales (excluding items shown separately below) Cost of sales affiliate Cost of sales related party Operating and maintenance expense Operating and maintenance expense affiliate Operating and maintenance expense related party General and administrative expense General and administrative expense affiliate Depreciation and amortization expense Other Other affiliate Total operating costs and expenses Income from operations Other income (expense) Interest expense, net of capitalized interest ) ) ) Loss on modification or extinguishment of debt ) ) ) Other income, net Other income affiliate Total other expense ) ) ) Net income Basic and diluted net income per common unit (1) 
 Weighted average basic and diluted number of common units outstanding 
 
 (1) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 52 

Table of Contents 
 CHENIERE ENERGY PARTNERS, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (in millions, except unit data) 
 
 December 31, 2022 2021 ASSETS Current assets Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash and cash equivalents Trade and other receivables, net of current expected credit losses Accounts receivable affiliate Accounts receivable related party Advances to affiliate Inventory Current derivative assets Margin deposits Other current assets Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation Operating lease assets Debt issuance costs, net of accumulated amortization Derivative assets Other non-current assets, net Total assets LIABILITIES AND PARTNERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) Current liabilities Accounts payable Accrued liabilities Accrued liabilities related party Due to affiliates Deferred revenue Deferred revenue affiliate Current operating lease liabilities Current derivative liabilities Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt, net of premium, discount and debt issuance costs Operating lease liabilities Finance lease liabilities Derivative liabilities Other non-current liabilities affiliate Commitments and contingencies (see Note 16 
 Partners equity (deficit) Common unitholders interest million units issued and outstanding at both December 31, 2022 and 2021) 
 ) General partner s interest interest with million units issued and outstanding at both December 31, 2022 and 2021) 
 ) ) Total partners equity (deficit) ) Total liabilities and partners equity (deficit) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 53 

Table of Contents 
 CHENIERE ENERGY PARTNERS, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF PARTNERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 
 (in millions) 

Common Unitholders Interest Subordinated Unitholder s Interest General Partner s Interest Total Partners Equity (Deficit) Units Amount Units Amount Units Amount Balance at December 31, 2019 ) ) Net income Conversion of subordinated units into common units ) ) Distributions Common units, /unit 
 ) (982) Subordinated units, /unit 
 ) (259) General partner units ) (118) Balance at December 31, 2020 ) Net income Distributions Common units, /unit 
 ) (1,287) General partner units ) (164) Balance at December 31, 2021 ) Net income Novated IPM Agreement (see Note 1 8 
 ) ) Distributions Common units, /unit 
 ) ) General partner units ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 54 

Table of Contents 
 CHENIERE ENERGY PARTNERS, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in millions) 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization expense Amortization of debt issuance costs, premium and discount Loss on modification or extinguishment of debt Total losses (gains) on derivative instruments, net ) Total gains on derivatives instruments, net related party ) Net cash used for settlement of derivative instruments ) ) ) Other Other affiliate ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Trade and other receivables, net of current expected credit losses ) ) ) Accounts receivable affiliate ) ) ) Accounts receivable related party ) Advances to affiliate ) Inventory ) Margin deposits ) ) ) Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Accrued liabilities related party ) Due to affiliates Deferred revenue ) ) Other, net ) ) ) Other, net affiliate ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities Property, plant and equipment ) ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities Proceeds from issuances of debt Redemptions and repayments of debt ) ) ) Debt issuance and other financing costs ) ) ) Debt extinguishment costs ) ) ) Distributions ) ) ) Other ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash and cash equivalents beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash and cash equivalents end of period 
 
 Balances per Consolidated Balance Sheets: 
 December 31, 2022 2021 Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash and cash equivalents Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash and cash equivalents 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 55 

Table of Contents 
 CHENIERE ENERGY PARTNERS, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 1 
 
 operational Trains, with Train 6 having achieved substantial completion on February 4, 2022, for a total operational production capacity of approximately mtpa of LNG (the Liquefaction Project ). The Sabine Pass LNG Terminal also has operational regasification facilities that include LNG storage tanks, vaporizers and marine berths, with the third berth having achieved substantial completion on October 27, 2022. We also own a -mile pipeline through our subsidiary, CTPL, that interconnects the Sabine Pass LNG Terminal with a number of large interstate and intrastate pipelines (the Creole Trail Pipeline ). 
 
 We have increased available liquefaction capacity at our Liquefaction Project as a result of debottlenecking and other optimization projects. We hold a significant land position at the Sabine Pass LNG Terminal, which provides opportunity for further liquefaction capacity expansion. The development of this site or other projects, including infrastructure projects in support of natural gas supply and LNG demand, will require, among other things, acceptable commercial and financing arrangements before we make a positive final investment decision. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, Cheniere owned of our limited partner interest in the form of million of our common units. Cheniere also owns of our general partner interest and our incentive distribution rights IDRs ). 

NOTE 2 
 of all distributions made by us. In addition, the general partner holds IDRs, which allow the general partner to receive a higher percentage of quarterly distributions of available cash from operating surplus as additional target levels are met, but may transfer these rights separately from its general partner interest. The higher percentages range from to , inclusive of the general partner interest. 
 Our partnership agreement requires that, within days after the end of each quarter, we distribute all of our available cash (as defined in our partnership agreement). Generally, our available cash is our cash on hand at the end of a quarter less the amount of any reserves established by our general partner. All distributions we have paid to date have been made from accumulated operating surplus as defined in the partnership agreement. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our total securities beneficially owned in the form of common units were held by Cheniere, by CQP Target Holdco L.L.C. CQP Target Holdco and other affiliates of Blackstone Inc. Blackstone and Brookfield Asset Management Inc. Brookfield and by the public. All of our general partner interest was held by Cheniere. CQP Target Holdco s equity interests are owned by BIP Chinook Holdco L.L.C., an affiliate of Blackstone, and owned by BIF IV Cypress Aggregator (Delaware) LLC, an affiliate of Brookfield. The ownership of CQP Target Holdco, Blackstone and Brookfield are based on their most recent filings with the SEC. 

NOTE 3 

56 

Table of Contents 
 CHENIERE ENERGY PARTNERS, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 

and million, respectively, on our trade and other receivables, and as of both December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had current expected credit losses of on our non-current contract assets. 
 57 

Table of Contents 
 CHENIERE ENERGY PARTNERS, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 

t record any material impairments related to property, plant and equipment during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 

58 

Table of Contents 
 CHENIERE ENERGY PARTNERS, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 

t have any derivative instruments designated as cash flow or fair value hedges during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. See Note 8 Derivative Instruments 
 
 59 

Table of Contents 
 CHENIERE ENERGY PARTNERS, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 

years with third parties and has entered into agreements with Cheniere Marketing. SPL is dependent on the respective customers creditworthiness and their willingness to perform under their respective SPAs. 
 
 See Note 17 Customer Concentration for additional details about our customer concentration. 
 
 Our arrangements with our customers incorporate certain provisions to mitigate our exposure to credit losses and include, under certain circumstances, customer collateral, netting of exposures through the use of industry standard commercial agreements and, as described above, margin deposits with certain counterparties in the over-the-counter derivative market, with such margin deposits primarily facilitated by independent system operators and by clearing brokers. Payments on margin deposits, either by us or by the counterparty depending on the position, are required when the value of a derivative exceeds our pre-established credit limit with the counterparty. Margin deposits are returned to us (or to the counterparty) on or near the settlement date for non-exchange traded derivatives, and we exchange margin calls on a daily basis for exchange traded transactions. 
 
 60 

Table of Contents 
 CHENIERE ENERGY PARTNERS, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 

t recorded an ARO associated with the Sabine Pass LNG Terminal. Based on the real property lease agreements at the Sabine Pass LNG Terminal, at the expiration of the term of the leases we are required to surrender the LNG terminal in good working order and repair, with normal wear and tear and casualty expected. Our property lease agreements at the Sabine Pass LNG Terminal have terms of up to years including renewal options. We have determined that the cost to surrender the Sabine Pass LNG Terminal in good order and repair, with normal wear and tear and casualty expected, is immaterial. 
 
 We have t recorded an ARO associated with the Creole Trail Pipeline. We believe that it is not feasible to predict when the natural gas transportation services provided by the Creole Trail Pipeline will no longer be utilized. In addition, our right-of-way agreements associated with the Creole Trail Pipeline have no stipulated termination dates. We intend to operate the Creole Trail Pipeline as long as supply and demand for natural gas exists in the United States and intend to maintain it regularly. 
 
 billion less than the reported amounts of our assets and liabilities. See Note 14 Related Party Transactions for details about income taxes under our tax sharing agreements. 

61 

Table of Contents 
 CHENIERE ENERGY PARTNERS, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 

NOTE 4 
 million and million of restricted cash and cash equivalents, respectively, as required under the above agreement. 

NOTE 5 
 
 Other receivables Total trade and other receivables, net of current expected credit losses 

NOTE 6 
 
 LNG Natural gas Other Total inventory 

NOTE 7 
 Construction-in-process Accumulated depreciation ) ) Total LNG terminal, net of accumulated depreciation Fixed assets Fixed assets Accumulated depreciation ) ) Total fixed assets, net of accumulated depreciation Assets under finance leases Tug vessels Accumulated depreciation ) Total assets under finance lease, net of accumulated depreciation Property, plant and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation 
 
 62 

Table of Contents 
 CHENIERE ENERGY PARTNERS, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 

Offsets to LNG terminal costs (1) 

and years, as follows: 
 Components Useful life (years) LNG storage tanks Natural gas pipeline facilities Marine berth, electrical, facility and roads Water pipelines Regasification processing equipment Sendout pumps Liquefaction processing equipment - 
 Other - 

Fixed Assets 
 
 Our fixed assets are recorded at cost and are depreciated on a straight-line method based on estimated lives of the individual assets or groups of assets. 
 
 Assets under Finance Lease 
 
 Our assets under finance lease consists of certain tug vessels that meet the classification of a finance lease. These assets are depreciated on a straight-line method over the respective lease term. See Note 12 Leases for additional details of our finance leases. 

NOTE 8 

63 

Table of Contents 
 CHENIERE ENERGY PARTNERS, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 
 ) ) ) ) 
 
 We value our Liquefaction Supply Derivatives using a market or option-based approach incorporating present value techniques, as needed, using observable commodity price curves, when available, and other relevant data. 
 
 The fair value of our Liquefaction Supply Derivatives is predominantly driven by observable and unobservable market commodity prices and, as applicable to our natural gas supply contracts, our assessment of the associated events deriving fair value including, but not limited to, evaluation of whether the respective market exists from the perspective of market participants as infrastructure is developed. 
 
 We include a significant portion of our Liquefaction Supply Derivatives as Level 3 within the valuation hierarchy as the fair value is developed through the use of internal models which incorporate significant unobservable inputs. In instances where observable data is unavailable, consideration is given to the assumptions that market participants would use in valuing the asset or liability. This includes assumptions about market risks, such as future prices of energy units for unobservable periods, liquidity and volatility. 
 
 The Level 3 fair value measurements of natural gas positions within our Liquefaction Supply Derivatives could be materially impacted by a significant change in certain natural gas and international LNG prices.) Market approach incorporating present value techniques Henry Hub basis spread ) - / ) 
 Option pricing model International LNG pricing spread, relative to Henry Hub (2) - / 

(1) 
 (2) 
 Increases or decreases in basis or pricing spreads, in isolation, would decrease or increase, respectively, the fair value of our Liquefaction Supply Derivatives. 
 
 64 

Table of Contents 
 CHENIERE ENERGY PARTNERS, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 

) Realized and change in fair value gains (losses) included in net income (1): Included in cost of sales, existing deals (2) ) ) Included in cost of sales, new deals (3) ) Purchases and settlements: Purchases (4) ) ) Settlements (5) ) ) ) Balance, end of period ) ) Favorable (unfavorable) changes in fair value relating to instruments still held at the end of the period 
 ) ) 
 
 (1) 
 (2) 
 (3) 
 (4) 
 (5) 
 
 All counterparty derivative contracts provide for the unconditional right of set-off in the event of default. We have elected to report derivative assets and liabilities arising from our derivative contracts with the same counterparty and the unconditional contractual right of set-off on a net basis. The use of derivative instruments exposes us to counterparty credit risk, or the risk that a counterparty will be unable to meet its commitments, in instances when our derivative instruments are in an asset position. Additionally, counterparties are at risk that we will be unable to meet our commitments in instances where our derivative instruments are in a liability position. We incorporate both our own nonperformance risk and the respective counterparty s nonperformance risk in fair value measurements depending on the position of the derivative. In adjusting the fair value of our derivative contracts for the effect of nonperformance risk, we have considered the impact of any applicable credit enhancements, such as collateral postings, set-off rights and guarantees. 
 Liquefaction Supply Derivatives 
 
 SPL holds Liquefaction Supply Derivatives which are primarily indexed to the natural gas market and international LNG indices. The terms of the Liquefaction Supply Derivatives range up to years, some of which commence upon the satisfaction of certain events or states of affairs. 
 
 The forward notional amount for our Liquefaction Supply Derivatives was approximately TBtu and TBtu as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, excluding notional amounts associated with extension options that were uncertain to be taken as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 65 

Table of Contents 
 CHENIERE ENERGY PARTNERS, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 

) Cost of sales ) ) Cost of sales related party 
 
 (1) 
 
 Fair Value and Location of Derivative Assets and Liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 
 Derivative assets Total derivative assets Current derivative liabilities ) ) Derivative liabilities ) ) Total derivative liabilities ) ) Derivative asset (liability), net ) 
 
 (1) million and million, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which are included in margin deposits in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets Presentation 
 
 Offsetting amounts ) Net assets Gross liabilities ) Offsetting amounts Net liabilities ) As of December 31, 2021 Gross assets Offsetting amounts ) Net assets Gross liabilities ) Offsetting amounts Net liabilities ) 
 
 66 

Table of Contents 
 CHENIERE ENERGY PARTNERS, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 

NOTE 9 
 
 Advances and other asset conveyances to third parties to support LNG terminal Advances made under EPC and non-EPC contracts Tax-related prepayments and receivables Information technology service prepayments Other Total other non-current assets, net 

NOTE 10 
 Interest costs and related debt fees LNG terminal and related pipeline costs Other accrued liabilities Total accrued liabilities 

NOTE 11 
 due 2023 
 due 2024 
 due 2025 
 due 2026 
 due 2027 
 due 2028 
 due 2030 
 weighted average rate due 2037 
 Total SPL Senior Secured Notes Working capital revolving credit and letter of credit reimbursement agreement (the SPL Working Capital Facility 
 Total debt - SPL CQP: Senior Notes: due 2029 
 due 2031 
 due 2032 
 Total CQP Senior Notes Credit facilities (the CQP Credit Facilities 
 Total debt - CQP Total debt Unamortized premium, discount and debt issuance costs, net ) ) Total long-term debt, net of premium, discount and debt issuance costs 
 67 

Table of Contents 
 CHENIERE ENERGY PARTNERS, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 

billion and (2) of net tangible assets, the CQP Senior Notes will be secured by a first-priority lien (subject to permitted encumbrances) on substantially all of our existing and future tangible and intangible assets and rights and the CQP Guarantors and equity interests in the CQP Guarantors. The liens securing the CQP Senior Notes, if applicable, will be shared equally and ratably (subject to permitted liens) with the holders of any other senior secured obligations. We may, at any time, redeem all or part of the CQP Senior Notes at specified prices set forth in the respective indentures governing the CQP Senior Notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the date of redemption. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 
 68 

Table of Contents 
 CHENIERE ENERGY PARTNERS, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 

Less: Outstanding balance Letters of credit issued Available commitment Priority ranking Senior secured Unsecured Interest rate on available balance (3) LIBOR plus - or base rate plus - 
 LIBOR plus - or base rate plus - 
 Commitment fees on undrawn balance (3) - 
 - 
 Maturity date 
 
 (1) 
 (2) 
 (3) 
 
 Losses on Extinguishment of Debt Related to Termination of Agreement with Chevron 
 
 Our loss on modification or extinguishment of debt for the year ended December 31, 2022 includes a loss on extinguishment of prospective payment obligations of million associated with a premium paid to Chevron U.S.A. Inc. Chevron to terminate a revenue sharing arrangement under the terminal marine services agreement with them. See Note 13 Revenue for further discussion of the termination of agreements with Chevron. 
 Restrictive Debt Covenants 
 
 The indentures governing our senior notes and other agreements underlying our debt contain customary terms and events of default and certain covenants that, among other things, may limit us and our restricted subsidiaries ability to make certain investments or pay dividends or distributions. We and SPL are restricted from making distributions under agreements governing our and SPL s indebtedness generally until, among other requirements, appropriate reserves have been established for debt service using cash or letters of credit and a historical debt service coverage ratio and projected debt service coverage ratio of at least :1.00 is satisfied. At December 31, 2022, our restricted net liabilities of consolidated subsidiaries were approximately billion. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we and SPL were in compliance with all covenants related to our respective debt agreements. 
 Interest Expense 
 
 Capitalized interest ) ) ) Total interest expense, net of capitalized interest 
 
 69 

Table of Contents 
 CHENIERE ENERGY PARTNERS, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 

Senior notes Level 3 (2) 
 
 (1) 

The estimated fair value of our credit facilities approximates the principal amount outstanding because the interest rates are variable and reflective of market rates and the debt may be repaid, in full or in part, at any time without penalty. 
 
 NOTE 12 
 
 Right-of-use assets Financing Property, plant and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation Total right-of-use assets Current operating lease liabilities Current operating lease liabilities Current finance lease liabilities Other current liabilities Non-current operating lease liabilities Operating lease liabilities Non-current finance lease liabilities Finance lease liabilities Total lease liabilities 
 
 Finance lease cost: Amortization of right-of-use assets Depreciation and amortization expense Total lease cost 
 
 (1) million of variable lease costs incurred during each of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

70 

Table of Contents 
 CHENIERE ENERGY PARTNERS, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: Interest ) ) Present value of lease liabilities 
 
 Weighted-average discount rate 
 
 The following table includes other quantitative information for our operating and finance leases (in millions): 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities: Operating cash flows from operating leases Leased assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for finance lease liabilities 

NOTE 13 
 
 LNG revenues affiliate LNG revenues related party Regasification revenues Other revenues Total revenues from contracts with customers Net derivative gain (loss) (2) ) Total revenues 
 
 (1) million in LNG revenues associated with LNG cargoes for which customers notified us that they would not take delivery. We did not have revenues associated with LNG cargoes for which customers notified us that they would t take delivery during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Revenue is generally recognized upon receipt of irrevocable notice that a customer will not take delivery because our customers have no contractual right to take delivery of such LNG cargo in future periods and our performance obligations with respect to such LNG cargo have been satisfied. 
 (2) 
 
 71 

Table of Contents 
 CHENIERE ENERGY PARTNERS, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 

of Henry Hub. The fixed fee component is the amount payable to us regardless of a cancellation or suspension of LNG cargo deliveries by the customers. The variable fee component is the amount generally payable to us only upon delivery of LNG plus all future adjustments to the fixed fee for inflation. The SPAs and contracted volumes to be made available under the SPAs are not tied to a specific Train; however, the term of each SPA generally commences upon the date of first commercial delivery of a specified Train. Additionally, we have agreements with Cheniere Marketing for which the related revenues are recorded as LNG revenues affiliate. See Note 14 Related Party Transactions for additional information regarding these agreements. 
 
 Revenues from the sale of LNG are recognized at a point in time when the LNG is delivered to the customer, at the Sabine Pass LNG Terminal, which is the point legal title, physical possession and the risks and rewards of ownership transfer to the customer. Each individual molecule of LNG is viewed as a separate performance obligation. The stated contract price (including both fixed and variable fees) per MMBtu in each LNG sales arrangement is representative of the stand-alone selling price for LNG at the time the contract was negotiated. We have concluded that the variable fees meet the exception for allocating variable consideration to specific parts of the contract. As such, the variable consideration for these contracts is allocated to each distinct molecule of LNG and recognized when that distinct molecule of LNG is delivered to the customer. Because of the use of the exception, variable consideration related to the sale of LNG is also not included in the transaction price. 
 Fees received pursuant to SPAs are recognized as LNG revenues only after substantial completion of the respective Train. Prior to substantial completion, sales generated during the commissioning phase are offset against the cost of construction for the respective Train, as the production and removal of LNG from storage is necessary to test the facility and bring the asset to the condition necessary for its intended use. 
 
 Sales of natural gas where, in the delivery of the natural gas to the end customer, we have concluded that we acted as a principal are presented within revenues in our Consolidated Statements of Income, and where we have concluded that we acted as an agent are netted within cost of sales in our Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 
 Regasification Revenues 
 
 The Sabine Pass LNG Terminal has operational regasification capacity of approximately Bcf/d. Approximately Bcf/d of the regasification capacity at the Sabine Pass LNG Terminal has been reserved under a long-term TUA with TotalEnergies Gas Power North America, Inc. TotalEnergies ), under which they are required to pay fixed monthly fees to SPLNG, regardless of their use of the LNG terminal, aggregating approximately million annually for years that commenced in 2009, which is representative of fixed consideration in the contract. A portion of this fee is adjusted annually for inflation which is considered variable consideration. Prior to its cancellation effective December 31, 2022, SPLNG also had a TUA for Bcf/d with Chevron, as further described below. Approximately Bcf/d of regasification capacity of the Sabine Pass LNG Terminal has been reserved by SPL, for which the associated revenues are eliminated in consolidation. 
 
 Because SPLNG is continuously available to provide regasification service on a daily basis with the same pattern of transfer, we have concluded that SPLNG provides a single performance obligation to its customers on a continuous basis over time. We have determined that an output method of recognition based on elapsed time best reflects the benefits of this service to the customer and accordingly, LNG regasification capacity reservation fees are recognized as regasification revenues on a straight-line basis over the term of the respective TUAs. 
 
 In 2012, SPL entered into a partial TUA assignment agreement with TotalEnergies, whereby upon substantial completion of Train 5 of the Liquefaction Project, SPL gained access to substantially all of TotalEnergies capacity and other services provided under TotalEnergies TUA with SPLNG. This agreement provides SPL with additional berthing and storage capacity at the Sabine Pass LNG Terminal that may be used to provide increased flexibility in managing LNG cargo loading and unloading activity and permit SPL to more flexibly manage its LNG storage capacity. Notwithstanding any arrangements between TotalEnergies and SPL, payments required to be made by TotalEnergies to SPLNG will continue to be made by 
 72 

Table of Contents 
 CHENIERE ENERGY PARTNERS, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 

million, million and million, respectively, as operating and maintenance expense under this partial TUA assignment agreement. 
 
 Termination Agreement with Chevron 
 
 In June 2022, Chevron entered into an agreement with SPLNG providing for the early termination of the TUA and an associated terminal marine services agreement between the parties and their affiliates (the Termination Agreement ), effective July 2022, for a lump sum fee of million (the Termination Fee ). Obligations pursuant to the TUA and associated agreement, including Chevron s obligation to pay SPLNG capacity payments totaling million annually (adjusted for inflation) from 2023 through 2029, terminated on December 31, 2022 upon SPLNG s receipt of the Termination Fee in December 2022. We allocated the million Termination Fee to the terminated commitments, with million in cash inflows allocable to the termination of the TUA, which was recognized ratably over the July 6, 2022 to December 31, 2022 period as regasification revenues on our Consolidated Statements of Income, and an offsetting million reported as a loss on extinguishment of debt on our Consolidated Statements of Income allocable to a premium paid to Chevron to terminate a revenue sharing arrangement with them that was accounted for as debt. 

Contract assets represent our right to consideration for transferring goods or services to the customer under the terms of a sales contract when the associated consideration is not yet due. 
 
 Cash received but not yet recognized in revenue Revenue recognized from prior period deferral ) Deferred revenue, end of period 
 
 The following table reflects the changes in our contract liabilities to affiliate, which we classify as deferred revenue affiliate and other non-current liabilities affiliate on our Consolidated Balance Sheets (in millions): 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Deferred revenue affiliate, beginning of period Cash received but not yet recognized in revenue Revenue recognized from prior period deferral ) Deferred revenue affiliate, end of period 
 
 We record deferred revenue when we receive consideration, or such consideration is unconditionally due from a customer, prior to transferring goods or services to the customer under the terms of a sales contract. Changes in deferred revenue during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 are primarily attributable to differences between the timing of revenue recognition and the receipt of advance payments related to delivery of LNG under certain SPAs. 
 
 73 

Table of Contents 
 CHENIERE ENERGY PARTNERS, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 

LNG revenues affiliate Regasification revenues Total revenues 
 
 (1) 
 
 We have elected the following exemptions which omit certain potential future sources of revenue from the table above: 
 (1) We omit from the table above all performance obligations that are part of a contract that has an original expected duration of one year or less. 
 (2) The table above excludes substantially all variable consideration under our SPAs and TUAs. We omit from the table above all variable consideration that is allocated entirely to a wholly unsatisfied performance obligation or to a wholly unsatisfied promise to transfer a distinct good or service that forms part of a single performance obligation when that performance obligation qualifies as a series. The amount of revenue from variable fees that is not included in the transaction price will vary based on the future prices of Henry Hub throughout the contract terms, to the extent customers elect to take delivery of their LNG, and adjustments to the consumer price index. Certain of our contracts contain additional variable consideration based on the outcome of contingent events and the movement of various indexes. We have not included such variable consideration in the transaction price to the extent the consideration is considered constrained due to the uncertainty of ultimate pricing and receipt. Approximately and of our LNG revenues from contracts included in the table above during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, were related to variable consideration received from customers. Approximately and of our LNG revenues affiliate from contracts included in the table above during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, were related to variable consideration received from customers. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, approximately and , respectively, of our regasification revenues were related to variable consideration received from customers. 
 We may enter into contracts to sell LNG that are conditioned upon one or both of the parties achieving certain milestones such as reaching a final investment decision on a certain liquefaction Train, obtaining financing or achieving substantial completion of a Train and any related facilities. These contracts are considered completed contracts for revenue recognition purposes and are included in the transaction price above when the conditions are considered probable of being met. 
 
 74 

Table of Contents 
 CHENIERE ENERGY PARTNERS, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 

NOTE 14 
 Contracts for Sale and Purchase of Natural Gas and LNG (2) Total LNG revenues affiliate LNG revenues related party Natural Gas Transportation and Storage Agreements (3) Cost of sales affiliate Cheniere Marketing Agreements (1) Contracts for Sale and Purchase of Natural Gas and LNG (2) Total cost of sales affiliate Cost of sales related party Natural Gas Transportation and Storage Agreements (3) Natural Gas Supply Agreements (1) Total cost of sales related party Operating and maintenance expense affiliate Services Agreements (4) Operating and maintenance expense related party Natural Gas Transportation and Storage Agreements (3) General and administrative expense affiliate Services Agreements (4) Other income affiliate Cooperative Endeavor Agreement (5) 
 
 (1) of Henry Hub plus a fixed fee, except for an SPA associated with an IPM agreement for which pricing is linked to international natural gas prices, which will commence in 2023. SPL also has a master SPA agreement with Cheniere Marketing that allows us to sell and purchase LNG with Cheniere Marketing by executing and delivering confirmations under this agreement. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, SPL had million and million of accounts receivable affiliate, respectively, under these agreements with Cheniere Marketing. In addition, SPL has an arrangement with subsidiaries of Cheniere to provide the ability, in limited circumstances, to potentially fulfill commitments to LNG buyers in the event operational conditions impact operations at either the Sabine Pass or Corpus Christi liquefaction facilities. The purchase price for such cargoes would be the greater of: (a) of the applicable natural gas feedstock purchase price or (b) an FOB U.S. Gulf Coast LNG market price. 
 (2) 
 (3) 
 75 

Table of Contents 
 CHENIERE ENERGY PARTNERS, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 

million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, with this related party. 
 (4) million and million of advances to affiliates, respectively, under the services agreements. The non-reimbursement amounts incurred under these agreements are recorded in general and administrative expense affiliate. 
 million over years in order to aid in their reconstruction efforts following Hurricane Rita. In exchange for SPLNG s advance payments of annual ad valorem taxes, Cameron Parish shall grant SPLNG a dollar-for-dollar credit against future ad valorem taxes to be levied against the Sabine Pass LNG Terminal as early as 2019. In 2018, SPLNG entered into a Memorandum of Understanding, which forgave approximately million of the dollar-for-dollar credits, and in 2022, an agreement was reached to defer the commencement of the dollar-for-dollar credits until 2027. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had million and million of amounts associated with dollar-for-dollar credits due on advance tax payments to the taxing authorities recorded to other non-current assets on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. Beginning in September 2007, SPLNG entered into various agreements with Cheniere Marketing, pursuant to which Cheniere Marketing would pay SPLNG additional TUA revenues equal to any and all amounts payable by SPLNG to the Cameron Parish taxing authorities under the CEAs. In exchange for such amounts received as TUA revenues from Cheniere Marketing, SPLNG will make payments to Cheniere Marketing equal to the dollar-for-dollar credit applied to the ad valorem tax levied against the Sabine Pass LNG Terminal. We had million and million of other non-current liabilities affiliate as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, from these payments received from Cheniere Marketing. 
 
 We had million and million due to affiliates as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, under agreements with affiliates as described above. 
 
 Disclosure of future consideration under revenue contracts with affiliates is included in Note 13 Revenues . Additionally, disclosure of future contractual obligations with affiliates and related parties is included in Note 1 6 Commitments and Contingencies . 
 
 Other Agreements 
 
 Terminal Marine Services Agreement 
 
 In connection with its tug boat lease, Tug Services entered into an agreement with Cheniere Terminals to provide its LNG cargo vessels with tug boat and marine services at the Sabine Pass LNG Terminal. The agreement also provides that Tug Services shall contingently pay Cheniere Terminals a portion of its future revenues. Tug Services distributed million, million and million during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, to Cheniere Terminals, which is recognized as part of the distributions to our general partner interest holders on our Consolidated Statements of Partners Equity (Deficit). 
 
 State Tax Sharing Agreements 
 
 SPLNG, SPL and CTPL each have a state tax sharing agreement with Cheniere. Under these agreements, Cheniere has agreed to prepare and file all state and local tax returns which each of the entities and Cheniere are required to file on a combined basis and to timely pay the combined state and local tax liability. If Cheniere, in its sole discretion, demands payment, each of the respective entities will pay to Cheniere an amount equal to the state and local tax that each of the entities would be required to pay if its state and local tax liability were calculated on a separate company basis. To date, there have 
 76 

Table of Contents 
 CHENIERE ENERGY PARTNERS, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 

state and local tax payments demanded by Cheniere under the tax sharing agreements. The agreements for SPLNG, SPL and CTPL are effective for tax returns due on or after January 2008, August 2012 and May 2013, respectively. 
 
 NOTE 15 
 per common unit to unitholders of record as of February 6, 2023 and the related general partner distribution that was paid on February 14, 2023. These distributions consist of a base amount of per unit and a variable amount of per unit. 
 
 The two-class method dictates that net income for a period be reduced by the amount of available cash that will be distributed with respect to that period and that any residual amount representing undistributed net income be allocated to common unitholders and other participating unitholders to the extent that each unit may share in net income as if all of the net income for the period had been distributed in accordance with the partnership agreement. Undistributed income is allocated to participating securities based on the distribution waterfall for available cash specified in the partnership agreement. Undistributed losses (including those resulting from distributions in excess of net income) are allocated to common units and other participating securities on a pro rata basis based on provisions of the partnership agreement. Distributions are treated as distributed earnings in the computation of earnings per common unit even though cash distributions are not necessarily derived from current or prior period earnings. 
 
 77 

Table of Contents 
 CHENIERE ENERGY PARTNERS, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 

Declared distributions Assumed allocation of undistributed net loss (1) ) ) ) Assumed allocation of net income Weighted average units outstanding Basic and diluted net income per unit Year Ended December 31, 2021 Net income Declared distributions Assumed allocation of undistributed net income (1) Assumed allocation of net income Weighted average units outstanding Basic and diluted net income per unit Year Ended December 31, 2020 Net income Declared distributions Assumed allocation of undistributed net loss (1) ) ) ) ) Assumed allocation of net income Weighted average units outstanding Basic and diluted net income per unit (2) 
 
 (1) 
 (2) 
 
 NOTE 16 
 years. 
 
 Additionally, SPL has natural gas transportation and storage service agreements for the Liquefaction Project. The initial terms of the natural gas transportation agreements range up to years, with renewal options for certain contracts, and commence upon the occurrence of conditions precedent. The initial terms of the SPL natural gas storage service agreements range up to years. 
 
 78 

Table of Contents 
 CHENIERE ENERGY PARTNERS, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 
 (1) 
 (2) billion under natural gas supply agreements with unsatisfied conditions precedent. 
 
 Services and Other Agreements 
 
 We have certain fixed commitments under services and other agreements of billion with third parties and billion with affiliates. See Note 14 Related Party Transactions for additional information regarding such agreements with affiliates. 
 
 Environmental and Regulatory Matters 
 
 The Sabine Pass LNG Terminal and CTPL are subject to extensive regulation under federal, state and local statutes, rules, regulations and laws. These laws require that we engage in consultations with appropriate federal and state agencies and that we obtain and maintain applicable permits and other authorizations. Failure to comply with such laws could result in legal proceedings, which may include substantial penalties. We believe that, based on currently known information, compliance with these laws and regulations will not have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 pending legal matters that would reasonably be expected to have a material impact on our operating results, financial position or cash flows. 
 
 79 

Table of Contents 
 CHENIERE ENERGY PARTNERS, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 

NOTE 17 
 Customer B Customer C Customer D Customer E Customer F 
 
 Less than 10 

India South Korea Ireland United Kingdom Switzerland Other countries Total 

NOTE 18 

The balance in property, plant and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation funded with accounts payable and accrued liabilities (including affiliate) was million, million and million and as of years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Novation of IPM Agreement from Corpus Christi Liquefaction Stage III, LLC CCL Stage III 
 
 In March 2022, in connection with a prior commitment from Cheniere to collateralize financing for Train 6 of the Liquefaction Project, SPL and CCL Stage III, formerly a wholly owned direct subsidiary of Cheniere that merged with and into CCL, entered into an agreement to assign to SPL an IPM agreement to purchase MMBtu per day of natural gas at a price based on the Platts Japan Korea Marker JKM ), for a term of approximately years beginning in early 2023. The transaction has been accounted for as a transfer between entities under common control, which required us to recognize the obligations assumed at the historical basis of Cheniere. Upon the transfer, which occurred on March 15, 2022, we recognized billion in distributions to Cheniere s common unitholder interest within our Consolidated Statements of Partners Equity 
 80 

Table of Contents 
 CHENIERE ENERGY PARTNERS, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 

million and billion, respectively, which represented a non-cash financing activity. 
 
 81 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our general partner s principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 Based on their evaluation as of the end of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, our general partner s principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act are (1) accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure and (2) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. 
 
 During the most recent fiscal quarter, there have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 Our Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting is included in our Consolidated Financial Statements and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 
 Not applicable. 
 82 

Table of Contents 

 PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF OUR GENERAL PARTNER AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 Management of Cheniere Partners 
 
 Cheniere Partners GP, as our general partner, manages our operations and activities. Our general partner is not elected by our unitholders and is not subject to re-election on a regular basis in the future. The directors of our general partner are elected by the sole member of the general partner. Unitholders are not entitled to elect the directors of our general partner or to participate directly or indirectly in our management or operations. 
 
 Audit Committee 
 
 The board of directors of our general partner has appointed an audit committee composed of Lon McCain, chairman, Vincent Pagano, Jr. and Oliver G. Richard, III, each of whom is an independent director and satisfies the additional independence and other requirements for audit committee members provided for in the listing standards of the NYSE American and the Exchange Act. In addition, the board of directors of our general partner has determined that Lon McCain and Oliver G. Richard, III meet the qualifications of a financial expert and are financially sophisticated as such terms are defined by the SEC and the NYSE American, respectively. 
 
 The audit committee assists the board of directors of our general partner in its oversight of the integrity of our Consolidated Financial Statements and our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements and partnership policies and controls. The audit committee has the sole authority to retain and terminate our independent registered public accounting firm, approve all audit services and related fees and the terms thereof and pre-approve any non-audit services to be rendered by our independent registered public accounting firm. The audit committee is also responsible for confirming the independence and objectivity of our independent registered public accounting firm. Our independent registered public accounting firm has been given unrestricted access to the audit committee. Our audit committee charter is posted at https://cqpir.cheniere.com/company-information/governance-documents. 
 
 Conflicts Committee 
 
 Under our partnership agreement, the board of directors of our general partner has appointed a conflicts committee composed of the independent directors, Vincent Pagano, Jr., chairman, James R. Ball, Lon McCain and Oliver G. Richard, III, to review specific matters that the board believes may involve conflicts of interest. The conflicts committee will determine if the resolution of a conflict of interest is fair and reasonable to us. The members of the conflicts committee may not be security holders, officers or employees of our general partner, directors, officers, or employees of affiliates of the general partner or holders of any ownership interest in us other than common units or other publicly traded units and must meet the independence standards established by the NYSE American, the Exchange Act and other federal securities laws. Any matter approved by the conflicts committee is conclusively deemed to be fair and reasonable to us, approved by all of our partners and not a breach by our general partner of any duties that it may owe us or our unitholders. 
 
 CMI SPA Committee 
 
 The board of directors of our general partner has formed a CMI SPA Committee, composed of James Ball, chairman, Matthew Runkle and Tim Wyatt to approve LNG sales entered into between Cheniere Marketing and SPL. 
 
 Other 
 
 We do not have a nominating committee because the directors of our general partner manage our operations. 
 
 We also do not have a compensation committee. We have no employees, directors or officers. We are managed by our general partner, Cheniere Partners GP. Our general partner has paid no cash compensation to its executive officers since its inception. All of the executive officers of our general partner are also executive officers of Cheniere. Cheniere compensates these officers for the performance of their duties as executive officers of Cheniere, which includes managing our partnership. Cheniere does not allocate this compensation between services for us and services for Cheniere and its affiliates. 
 83 

Table of Contents 

 Directors and Executive Officers of Our General Partner 
 
 The following sets forth information, as of February 17, 2023, regarding the individuals who currently serve on the board of directors and as executive officers of our general partner. The appointments of Messrs. Dell Amore, Murski and Runkle to the board of directors of our general partner were made pursuant to the rights of Blackstone CQP Holdco LP Blackstone CQP Holdco under the Third Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of our general partner to appoint certain directors to the board of directors of our general partner. 
 Name Age Election Date Position with Our General Partner Jack A. Fusco 60 May 2016 Chairman of the Board and President and Chief Executive Officer James R. Ball 72 September 2012 Director Zach Davis 38 August 2020 Director and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Corey Grindal 51 September 2022 Director and Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer Christopher Dell Amore 33 January 2023 Director Lon McCain 74 March 2007 Director Mark Murski 47 September 2020 Director Vincent Pagano, Jr. 72 December 2012 Director Oliver G. Richard, III 70 September 2012 Director Matthew Runkle 44 July 2021 Director Tim Wyatt 42 September 2022 Director and Senior Vice President, Corporate Development and Strategy 
 
 Jack A. Fusco 
 Chairman of the Board and President and Chief Executive Officer of our general partner 
 Mr. Fusco has served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Cheniere since May 2016 and as a director since June 2016. In addition, Mr. Fusco serves as Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of our general partner. Mr. Fusco is also a Manager, President and Chief Executive Officer of the general partner of Sabine Pass LNG, L.P. and Chief Executive Officer of Sabine Pass Liquefaction, LLC. Mr. Fusco received recognition as Best CEO in the electric industry by Institutional Investor in 2012 as ranked by all industry analysts and for Best Investor Relations by a CEO or Chairman among all mid-cap companies by IR Magazine in 2013. Institutional Investor also recognized Mr. Fusco as the 2020 All-American Executive Team Best CEO in the natural gas industry. 
 
 Mr. Fusco served as Chief Executive Officer of Calpine Corporation Calpine from August 2008 to May 2014 and as Executive Chairman of Calpine from May 2014 through May 11, 2016. Mr. Fusco served as a member of the board of directors of Calpine from August 2008 until March 2018, when the sale of Calpine to an affiliate of Energy Capital Partners and a consortium of other investors was completed. Mr. Fusco was recruited by Calpine s key shareholders in 2008, just as that company was emerging from bankruptcy. Calpine grew to become America s largest generator of electricity from natural gas, safely and reliably meeting the needs of an economy that demands cleaner, more fuel-efficient and dependable sources of electricity. As Chief Executive Officer of Calpine, Mr. Fusco managed a team of approximately 2,300 employees and led one of the largest purchasers of natural gas in America, a successful developer of new gas-fired power generation facilities and a company that prudently managed the inherent commodity trading and balance sheet risks associated with being a merchant power producer. 
 
 Mr. Fusco s career of over 38 years in the energy industry began with his employment at Pacific Gas Electric Company upon graduation from California State University, Sacramento with a Bachelor of Science in Mechanical Engineering in 1984. He joined Goldman Sachs 13 years later as a Vice President with responsibility for commodity trading and marketing of wholesale electricity, a role that led to the creation of Orion Power Holdings, an independent power producer that Mr. Fusco helped found with backing from Goldman Sachs, where he served as President and Chief Executive Officer from 1998-2002. In 2004, he was asked to serve as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Texas Genco LLC by a group of private institutional investors, and successfully managed the transition of that business from a subsidiary of a regulated utility to a strong and profitable independent company, generating a more than 5-fold return for shareholders upon its merger with NRG in 2006. It was determined that Mr. Fusco should serve as a director of our general partner because of his prior experience leading successful energy industry companies and his perspective as President and Chief Executive Officer of Cheniere. 
 
 84 

Table of Contents 

 James R. Ball 
 Director of our general partner, Chairman of the Executive Committee and the CMI SPA Committee and a member of the Conflicts Committee 
 Mr. Ball served as a senior advisor to Tachebois Limited, an energy and equities advisory firm from 2011 to 2019. Mr. Ball served as a Non-Executive Director of Gas Strategies Group Ltd, a professional services company providing commercial energy advisory services, from September 2011 to June 2013. From 1988 until August 2011, he also served as an Executive Director of Gas Strategies Group. Mr. Ball is a Fellow of the Energy Institute and Companion of the Institute of Gas Engineers and Managers. Mr. Ball received a B.A. in Economics from the University of Colorado and an M.S. from City University Business School (now Bayes Business School). It was determined that Mr. Ball should serve as a director of our general partner because of his background as an advisor in the energy industry. Mr. Ball has not held any other directorships in a company with a class of securities registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act or subject to the requirements of Section 15(d) of such Act or any company registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940 (the Investment Company Act during the past five years. 
 
 Zach Davis 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, a Director of our general partner and a member of the Executive Committee 
 Mr. Davis has served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Cheniere and our general partner since February 2022, and previously served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer from August 2020 to February 2022. Mr. Davis also serves as a director of the Cheniere Foundation. Institutional Investor recognized Mr. Davis as the 2023 All-America Executive Team Best CFO in Energy - Natural Gas Master Limited Partnerships. 
 
 Mr. Davis joined Cheniere in November 2013. He previously served as Senior Vice President, Finance from February 2020 to August 2020 and as Vice President, Finance and Planning from October 2016 to February 2020. Mr. Davis has over 15 years of energy finance experience, focusing on strategic advisory assignments and financings for companies, projects and assets in the LNG, power, renewable energy, midstream and infrastructure sectors. Prior to joining Cheniere, Mr. Davis held energy investment banking and project finance roles at Credit Suisse, Marathon Capital and HSH Nordbank. Mr. Davis received a B.S. in Economics from Duke University. It was determined that Mr. Davis should serve as a director of our general partner because of his background in energy finance and his perspective as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Cheniere. Mr. Davis has not held any other directorships in a company with a class of securities registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act or subject to the requirements of Section 15(d) of such Act or any company registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act during the past five years. 
 
 Christopher Dell Amore 
 Director of our general partner and a member of the Executive Committee 
 Mr. Dell Amore is a Principal in the Infrastructure Group for Blackstone Inc. Since joining Blackstone, Mr. Dell Amore has been involved in the execution of Blackstone s investment in Atlantia. Prior to joining Blackstone, Mr. Dell Amore worked at Morgan Stanley Infrastructure Partners (MSIP) and Fortress Investment Group, focusing on investments in the energy, power and transportation sectors. Prior to that, Mr. Dell Amore was an Analyst at Soci t G n rale in the Energy group. Mr. Dell Amore received a B.A. in Economics and Spanish Language Literature from Colgate University, where he graduated magna cum laude and with honors, an M.B.A. from The Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania and an M.A. in International Studies (Latin America) from The Lauder Institute at the University of Pennsylvania. It was determined that Mr. Dell Amore should serve as a director of our general partner because of his significant energy and infrastructure investment experience. 
 
 Corey Grindal 
 Director and Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of our general partner 
 Mr. Grindal has served as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of Cheniere and Cheniere Partners GP since January 2023. Mr. Grindal previously served as Executive Vice President, Worldwide Trading from November 2020 to January 2023. Mr. Grindal served as Senior Vice President, Gas Supply from September 2016 to September 2020, after joining Cheniere in June of 2013 as Vice President of Supply. Mr. Grindal was brought in to develop the required infrastructure needed for firm and reliable deliveries to Cheniere s LNG terminals, establish the required relationships with the United States producer community, and set up the needed systems, processes and personnel for Cheniere to be the premier United States LNG exporter. Mr. Grindal has over 30 years of experience in pipeline construction and operations, project management and natural gas and power trading. Prior to joining Cheniere, Mr. Grindal was with Deutsche Bank and was responsible for physical and financial trading. Prior to Deutsche Bank, Mr. Grindal held positions with Louis Dreyfus and the Tenneco/ El Paso companies. 
 85 

Table of Contents 

 Mr. Grindal holds a B.S. degree in Mechanical Engineering with Honors from the University of Texas at Austin. It was determined that Mr. Grindal should serve as a director of our general partner because of his background in the energy, oil and natural gas trading and marketing industry. Mr. Grindal has not held any other directorships in a company with a class of securities registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act or subject to the requirements of Section 15(d) of such Act or any company registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act during the past five years. 
 
 Lon McCain 
 Director of our general partner, Chairman of the Audit Committee and a member of the Conflicts Committee 
 Mr. McCain was Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Ellora Energy Inc., a private, independent exploration and production company from July 2009 to August 2010. Prior to that, he was Vice President, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer of Westport Resources Corporation, a publicly traded exploration and production company, from 2001 until the sale of that company to Kerr-McGee Corporation in 2004. From 1992 until joining Westport, Mr. McCain was Senior Vice President and Principal of Petrie Parkman Co., an investment banking firm specializing in the oil and gas industry. From 1978 until joining Petrie Parkman, Mr. McCain held senior financial management positions with Presidio Oil Company, Petro-Lewis Corporation and Ceres Capital. He is currently on the board of directors of Crescent Energy Company, a publicly traded energy investment company. Mr. McCain previously served on the board of directors of Continental Resources, Inc., a publicly traded oil and natural gas exploration and production company, from 2006 through its private acquisition in 2022. He also previously served on the board of directors of Contango Oil and Gas Company, which combined with Independence Energy, LLC to form Crescent Energy Company in December 2021. Mr. McCain received a B.S. in Business Administration and an M.B.A. in Finance from the University of Denver. Mr. McCain was also an Adjunct Professor of Finance at the University of Denver from 1982 to 2005. It was determined that Mr. McCain should serve as a director of our general partner because of his experience as a chief financial officer for energy companies and his background as an investment banker in the energy industry. 
 
 Mark Murski 
 Director of our general partner and a member of the Executive Committee 
 Mr. Murski is a Managing Partner and Chief Operating Officer in the Americas for Brookfield Infrastructure, where he is responsible for North American infrastructure operations. From 2006 to 2015 he worked for Brookfield's global advisory practice, where he ran the mergers and acquisitions practice. Mr. Murski joined Brookfield in 2003 where he focused on financings, acquisitions and divestitures. Mr. Murski currently serves as a director of City Office REIT Inc., a real estate company focused on office properties in the southern and western United States. Mr. Murski is a Chartered Professional Accountant, a CFA charterholder and is a graduate of the Richard Ivey School of Business. It was determined that Mr. Murski should serve as a director of our general partner because of his significant investment experience with Brookfield Infrastructure. 
 
 Vincent Pagano, Jr. 
 Director of our general partner, Chairman of the Conflicts Committee and a member of the Audit Committee 
 Mr. Pagano served as a senior corporate partner of Simpson Thacher Bartlett LLP, a law firm, with a focus on capital markets transactions and public company advisory matters from 1981 until his retirement at the end of 2012. Mr. Pagano earned a law degree, cum laude, from Harvard Law School and a B.S. in Engineering, summa cum laude, from Lehigh University and an M.S. in Engineering from the University of California, Berkeley. Mr. Pagano also serves as a director of Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc., a publicly traded homebuilding company, and served as a director of L3 Technologies, Inc., an aerospace and defense company, from 2013 until its merger with Harris Corporation in June 2019. It was determined that Mr. Pagano should serve as a director of our general partner because of his capital markets expertise and his experience as an advisor to public companies on a variety of corporate matters. 
 
 Oliver G. Richard, III 
 Director of our general partner and a member of the Audit Committee and Conflicts Committee 
 Mr. Richard is the owner and president of Empire of the Seed, LLC, a private consulting firm in the energy and management industries. Mr. Richard served as Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Columbia Energy Group, a natural gas company, from 1995 until 2000, and as a director of Buckeye Partners, L.P., a publicly traded petroleum product pipeline and terminal company, from 2009 through its acquisition in 2019. Mr. Richard was a Commissioner on the FERC from 1982 until 1985. Mr. Richard currently serves as a director of American Electric Power Company, Inc., a publicly traded electric utility. Mr. Richard received a B.S. in Journalism, a J.D. from Louisiana State University and a Master of Law in Taxation from Georgetown University. It was determined that Mr. Richard should serve as a director of our general partner 
 86 

Table of Contents 

 because of his extensive background in the energy industry, including his experience in both the public and private sectors of the energy industry. 
 
 Matthew Runkle 
 Director of our general partner and a member of the Executive Committee and the CMI SPA Committee 
 Mr. Runkle is a Senior Managing Director in the Infrastructure Group for Blackstone Inc., where he focuses on investments in the renewables, utility and midstream sectors. Since joining Blackstone in October 2017, Mr. Runkle has been involved in the execution of Blackstone investments, including CQP and Tallgrass Energy. Prior to joining Blackstone, Mr. Runkle served as a Principal at ArcLight Capital Partners, LLC from August 2002 to September 2017, where he sourced, executed and managed infrastructure investments across the midstream and renewables sectors. Mr. Runkle also served from July 2000 to July 2002 as an Analyst at the NorthBridge Group, where he provided strategic and management consulting to utility and energy companies. Mr. Runkle currently serves as a director of Tallgrass Energy Partners GP, L.P., a midstream energy infrastructure company. Mr. Runkle holds a Bachelor's degree in Geology and Geophysics from Yale University. It was determined that Mr. Runkle should serve as a director of our general partner because of his significant energy and infrastructure investment experience. 
 Tim Wyatt 
 Director and Senior Vice President, Corporate Development and Strategy of our general partner and a member of the CMI SPA Committee 
 Mr. Wyatt has served as Senior Vice President, Corporate Development and Strategy of Cheniere since March 2021 and Cheniere Partners GP since May 2021. Mr. Wyatt joined Cheniere in April 2011 as Senior Manager, Shipping and Trading (UK) and subsequently served as Vice President, LNG Origination and Trading, before serving as Vice President, Commercial Operations of Cheniere from March 2017 to June 2019 and Cheniere Partners GP from May 2017 to August 2019, and Vice President, Business Development and Strategy of Cheniere from June 2019 to March 2021 and Cheniere Partners GP from August 2019 to May 2021, where he set up the needed systems, procedures and processes for Cheniere to facilitate the delivery of LNG to its long-term customers. Mr. Wyatt has over 15 years of experience in LNG operations, LNG marketing and LNG shipping and trading. Prior to joining Cheniere, Mr. Wyatt was with Simpson, Spence and Young, where he was responsible for the gas business. Prior to Simpson, Spence and Young, Mr. Wyatt held positions with Shell. Mr. Wyatt holds a B.A. Honors from UWE Bristol. It was determined that Mr. Wyatt should serve as a director of our general partner because of his background in the LNG industry. Mr. Wyatt has not held any other directorships in a company with a class of securities registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act or subject to the requirements of Section 15(d) of such Act or any company registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act during the past five years. 
 
 Code of Ethics 
 
 Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics covers a wide range of business practices and procedures and furthers our fundamental principles of honesty, loyalty, fairness and forthrightness. The Code of Business Conduct and Ethics was approved by the directors of our general partner. Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, which is applicable to all of our directors, officers and employees, is posted at https://cqpir.cheniere.com/company-information/governance-documents. We also intend to post any changes to or waivers of our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics for the executive officers of our general partner on our website. 
 
 Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 
 
 Section 16 of the Exchange Act requires the directors and executive officers of our general partner and persons who own more than 10 of a registered class of our equity securities to file initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership with the SEC. Such persons are required by SEC regulation to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. Based solely on our review of the copies of such forms furnished to us and written representations from the directors and executive officers of our general partner (or otherwise based on our knowledge), we believe that all Section 16(a) filing requirements were met during 2022 in a timely manner. 
 
 87 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 
 
 Our general partner has paid no cash compensation to its executive officers since its inception. All of the executive officers of our general partner are also executive officers of Cheniere. Cheniere compensates these officers for the performance of their duties as executive officers of Cheniere, which includes managing our partnership. Cheniere does not allocate this compensation between services for us and services for Cheniere and its affiliates. Instead, an affiliate of Cheniere provides us various general and administrative services for our benefit, such as technical, commercial, regulatory, financial, accounting, treasury, tax and legal staffing and related support services, pursuant to a services agreement for which we pay a quarterly non-accountable overhead reimbursement charge of 3 million (adjusted for inflation). For a description of the services agreement, see Note 14 Related Party Transactions of our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements under Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 
 
 In 2007, the board of directors of our general partner adopted the Cheniere Energy Partners, L.P. Long-Term Incentive Plan for employees, consultants and directors of our general partner, employees of its affiliates and consultants to its subsidiaries. The purpose of the plan is to enhance attraction and retention of qualified individuals who are essential for the successful operation of our partnership and to encourage them to align their interests with our interests through an equity ownership stake in us. The plan allows for the grant of options, restricted units, phantom units and unit appreciation rights. Up to 1,250,000 units may be granted under the plan. The only awards that have been granted under the plan have been made to the non-management directors of our general partner in the form of phantom units to be settled, at the director s election, in common units, cash or in equal amounts over a four-year vesting period. 
 
 Compensation Committee Report 
 
 As discussed above, the board of directors of our general partner does not have a compensation committee. In fulfilling its responsibilities, the board of directors of our general partner, acting in lieu of a compensation committee, has reviewed and discussed the Compensation Discussion and Analysis with management. Based on this review and discussion, the board of directors of our general partner recommended that the Compensation Discussion and Analysis be included in this annual report on Form 10-K. 
 
 By the members of the board of directors of our general partner: 
 Jack A. Fusco 
 James R. Ball 
 Zach Davis 
 Corey Grindal 
 Christopher Dell Amore 
 Lon McCain 
 Mark Murski 
 Vincent Pagano, Jr. 
 Oliver G. Richard, III 
 Matthew Runkle 
 Tim Wyatt 
 
 Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 
 
 As discussed above, the board of directors of our general partner does not have a compensation committee. If any compensation is to be paid to our general partners officers, the compensation would be reviewed and approved by the entire board of directors of our general partner because they perform the functions of a compensation committee in the event such committee is needed. None of the directors or executive officers of our general partner served as a member of a compensation committee of another entity that has or has had an executive officer who served as a member of the board of directors of our general partner during 2022. 
 
 88 

Table of Contents 

 Director Compensation 
 
 On July 22, 2014, the board of directors of our general partner approved an annual fee of 70,000 to each non-management director of our general partner for services as a director effective pro-rata as of the date of the approval. Also approved were annual fees of 30,000 for the chairman of the audit committee; 15,000 for the members of the audit committee other than the chairman; 10,000 for the chairman of the conflicts committee; 2,500 per meeting for the members of the conflicts committee, including the chairman; 10,000 for the chairman of the executive committee; 2,500 per meeting for the non-employee members of the executive committee, including the chairman; and 30,000 for the chairman of the CMI SPA Committee. All directors fees are pro-rated from the date of election to the board and are payable quarterly. 
 
 In addition to the annual fees paid to the non-management directors, Messrs. Ball, McCain, Pagano and Richard each receive 3,000 phantom units annually. Vesting will occur for one-fourth of the phantom units on each anniversary of the grant date beginning on the first anniversary of the grant date. Upon vesting, the phantom units will be payable, at the director s election, in common units, cash in an amount equal to fair market value of a common unit on such date, or an equal amount of both. The directors receive no distributions, and no distributions accrue, on the outstanding phantom units. Mr. Murski serves as a Managing Partner and Chief Operating Officer in the Americas for Brookfield Infrastructure, Mr. Dell Amore serves as a Principal in the Infrastructure Group for Blackstone Inc. and Mr. Runkle serves as a Senior Managing Director in the Infrastructure Group for Blackstone Inc. They do not receive additional compensation for service as directors. 
 
 The following table shows the compensation paid for service as a member of the board of directors of our general partner for the 2022 fiscal year: 
 Name Fees Earned or Paid in Cash Unit Awards (1) Option Awards Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation Change in Pension Value and Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings All Other Compensation Total Jack A. Fusco (2) James R. Ball (3) 115,000 163,980 278,980 Eric Bensaude (2)(4) Zach Davis (2) Corey Grindal (2)(4) Adam Kuhnley (4)(5) Lon McCain (6) 105,000 165,660 270,660 Mark Murski (5) Vincent Pagano, Jr. (7) 100,000 171,540 271,540 Scott Peak (4) Oliver G. Richard, III (8) 87,500 163,980 251,480 Matthew Runkle (5) Aaron Stephenson (2)(4) Tim Wyatt (2)(4) 
 
 (1) Reflects aggregate grant date fair value. The phantom units are to be settled, at the director s election, in common units, cash, or an equal amount of both. The units are valued using the closing unit price on the date of grant and are revalued on a quarterly basis through the date of vesting. 
 (2) Mr. Fusco served as an executive officer of our general partner and as an executive officer of Cheniere during fiscal year 2022. Mr. Bensaude served as an officer of Cheniere Marketing Ltd., a subsidiary of Cheniere during fiscal year 2022. Mr. Davis served as an executive officer of our general partner and as an executive officer of Cheniere during fiscal year 2022. Mr. Grindal served as an officer of our general partner and as an executive officer of Cheniere during fiscal year 2022. Mr. Stephenson served as an officer of our general partner and as an executive officer of Cheniere during fiscal year 2022. Mr. Wyatt served as an officer of our general partner and as an executive officer of Cheniere during fiscal year 2022. Cheniere compensates these officers for the performance of their duties as employees of Cheniere, which includes managing our partnership. They do not receive additional compensation for service as directors. 
 (3) Mr. Ball was granted 3,000 phantom units in 2022 with a grant date fair value of 163,980. In addition, Mr. Ball received 102,488 in cash and 1,125 common units on account of 3,000 phantom units granted in earlier years that vested in 2022. As of December 31, 2022, he held 7,500 phantom units and 6,000 common units for a total of 13,500 units. 
 89 

Table of Contents 

 (4) Effective as of September 23, 2022, Messrs. Grindal and Wyatt were appointed to the board of directors of our general partner and Messrs. Bensaude and Stephenson each resigned as a member of the board of directors of our general partner. Effective as of April 5, 2022, Mr. Kuhnley was appointed to the board of directors of our general partner and Mr. Peak resigned as a member of the board of directors of our general partner. 
 (5) Mr. Kuhnley is a Managing Director in the Infrastructure Group for Blackstone Inc., Mr. Murski is a Managing Partner and Chief Operating Officer in the Americas for Brookfield Infrastructure and Mr. Runkle is a Senior Managing Director in the Infrastructure Group for Blackstone Inc. They do not receive additional compensation for service as directors . 
 (6) Mr. McCain was granted 3,000 phantom units in 2022 with a grant date fair value of 165,660. In addition, Mr. McCain received 62,123 in cash and 1,875 common units on account of 3,000 phantom units granted in earlier years that vested in 2022. As of December 31, 2022, he held 7,500 phantom units and 11,625 common units for a total of 19,125 units. 
 (7) Mr. Pagano was granted 3,000 phantom units in 2022 with a grant date fair value of 171,540. In addition, Mr. Pagano received 85,770 in cash and 1,500 common units on account of 3,000 phantom units granted in earlier years that vested in 2022. As of December 31, 2022, he held 7,500 phantom units and 10,125 common units for a total of 17,625 units. 
 (8) Mr. Richard was granted 3,000 phantom units in 2022 with a grant date fair value of 163,980. In addition, Mr. Richard received 81,990 in cash and 1,500 common units on account of 3,000 phantom units granted in earlier years that vested in 2022. As of December 31, 2022, he held 7,500 phantom units and 14,250 common units for a total of 21,750 units. 
 
 Indemnification of Directors 
 
 We have entered into indemnification agreements with each of our directors, which provide for indemnification with respect to all expenses and claims that a director incurs as a result of actions taken, or not taken, on our behalf while serving as a director, officer, employee, controlling person, selling unitholder, agent or fiduciary of Cheniere Partners GP or any of our subsidiaries. Pursuant to the agreements, no indemnification will generally be provided (1) for claims brought by the director, except for a claim of indemnity under the indemnification agreement, if we approve the bringing of such claim, or if the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act requires providing indemnification because our director has been successful on the merits of such claim, (2) for claims under Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act, or (3) if there has been a final judgment entered by a court determining that the director acted in bad faith, engaged in fraud or willful misconduct or, in the case of a criminal matter, acted with knowledge that the conduct was unlawful. Indemnification will be provided to the extent permitted by law, Cheniere Partners GP s certificate of formation and limited liability company agreement, and to a greater extent if, by law, the scope of coverage is expanded after the date of the indemnification agreements. In all events, the scope of coverage will not be less than what was in existence on the date of the indemnification agreements. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT, AND RELATED UNITHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 The limited partner interest in our partnership is divided into units. As of February 17, 2023, the following units were outstanding: 484.0 million common units and 9.9 million general partner units. 
 
 The amounts and percentage of units beneficially owned are reported on the basis of regulations of the SEC governing the determination of beneficial ownership of securities. Under the rules of the SEC, a person is deemed to be a beneficial owner of a security if that person has or shares voting power, which includes the power to vote or to direct the voting of such security, or investment power, which includes the power to dispose of or to direct the disposition of such security. A person is also deemed to be a beneficial owner of any securities of which that person has a right to acquire beneficial ownership within 60 days. Under these rules, more than one person may be deemed a beneficial owner of the same securities, and a person may be deemed a beneficial owner of securities as to which he has no economic interest. 
 
 Except as indicated by footnote, the persons named in the table below have sole voting and investment power with respect to all units shown as beneficially owned by them, subject to community property laws where applicable. Except as indicated by footnote, the address for the beneficial owners listed below is 700 Milam Street, Suite 1900, Houston, Texas 77002. 
 
 90 

Table of Contents 

 Owners of More than Five Percent of Outstanding Units 
 
 The following table shows the beneficial owners known by us to own more than five percent of our common units and/or general partner units as of February 17, 2023: 
 Name of Beneficial Owner Common Units Beneficially Owned Percentage of Common Units Beneficially Owned Percentage of Total Securities Beneficially Owned Cheniere Energy, Inc. (1) 239,872,502 50 51 Blackstone Inc. (2) 203,784,670 42 41 Brookfield Asset Management Inc. (3) 204,321,313 42 41 
 
 (1) Cheniere Energy, Inc. also owns 9,877,924 of our general partner units. 
 (2) Information is based on filings of Form 4 with the SEC on October 4, 2021 by CQP Rockies Platform LLC, BIP Chinook Holdco L.L.C. (record holder of 194,216 common units), BIP-V Chinook Holdco II L.L.C. (record holder of 67,939 common units), BIP Holdings Manager, L.L.C., Blackstone Infrastructure Associates L.P., BIA GP L.P., BIA GP L.L.C., Blackstone Holdings III L.P., Blackstone Holdings III GP L.P., Blackstone Holdings III GP Management L.L.C., Blackstone Inc. (formerly known as The Blackstone Group Inc.), Blackstone Group Management L.L.C., and Stephen A. Schwarzman, which also lists CQP Holdco LP as the record holder of 190,070,316 common units and BIP-V Chinook Holdco L.L.C. BIP-V as the record holder of 13,170,436 common units. In addition, Harvest Fund Advisors LLC, an indirect subsidiary of Blackstone Inc., is the beneficial owner of 281,763 common units based on Schedule 13D/A filed with the SEC on September 28, 2020 by Blackstone Inc. and its affiliates. The address of the various persons identified in this footnote is 345 Park Avenue, New York, New York 10154. 
 (3) Information is based on Schedule 13D filed with the SEC on September 30, 2020 and Form 4 filed with the SEC on June 9, 2021 by Brookfield Asset Management Inc. Brookfield ), BIF IV Cypress Aggregator (Delaware) LLC BIF IV Cypress Aggregator ), Brookfield Infrastructure Fund IV GP LLC BIF ), Brookfield Asset Management Private Institutional Capital Adviser (Canada), LP BAMPIC Canada and BAM Partners Trust (formerly known as Partners Limited) Partners ). Investment funds managed by Brookfield Public Securities Group LLC are the beneficial owners of 1,080,561 common units. 190,070,316 of the common units reported herein as being beneficially owned by the Reporting Persons are directly held by CQP Holdco LP. 13,170,436 of the common units reported herein as being beneficially owned by the Reporting Persons are directly held by BIP-V. CQP Target Holdco L.L.C. (formerly known as BX CQP Target Holdco L.L.C.) Target Holdco is the indirect equity holder of all of the equity interests in each of Blackstone CQP Common Holdco L.P. Blackstone Common Holdco ), CQP Holdco LP, and BX Rockies Platform Co LLC BX Rockies and, by virtue of its relationship with BIP-V, may be deemed to share beneficial ownership over the common units held directly by BIP-V. BIF IV Cypress Aggregator is a member of Target Holdco. BIF serves as the indirect general partner of BIF IV Cypress Aggregator. BAMPIC Canada serves as the investment adviser to BIF. Brookfield is the ultimate parent of Brookfield Infrastructure Fund III GP and BAMPIC Canada. As a result, Brookfield, BIF IV Cypress Aggregator, BIF, BAMPIC Canada and Partners may be deemed to beneficially own the common units held of record by each of Blackstone Common Holdco, CQP Holdco LP, BX Rockies and BIP-V. The address of the various persons identified in this footnote is 181 Bay Street, Suite 300, Brookfield Place, Toronto, Ontario M5J 2T3, Canada. 
 
 Directors and Executive Officers 
 
 The following table sets forth information with respect to our common units beneficially owned as of February 17, 2023, by each director and executive officer of our general partner and by all current directors and executive officers of our general partner as a group. On February 17, 2023, the current directors and executive officers of CQP beneficially owned an aggregate of 49,649 common units (less than 1 of the outstanding common units at the time). 
 
 91 

Table of Contents 

 The table also presents information with respect to Cheniere Energy, Inc. s common stock beneficially owned as of February 17, 2023, by each current director and executive officer of our general partner and by all directors and executive officers of our general partner as a group. As of February 17, 2023, Cheniere Energy, Inc. had 244 million shares of common stock outstanding. 
 Cheniere Energy Partners, L.P. Cheniere Energy, Inc. Name of Beneficial Owner Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership Percent of Class Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership Percent of Class Jack A. Fusco 724,062 Zach Davis 94,591 Corey Grindal 7,649 131,643 Tim Wyatt 60,038 James R. Ball 6,000 Christopher Dell Amore (1) Lon McCain 11,625 Mark Murski (1) Vincent Pagano, Jr. 10,125 Oliver G. Richard, III 14,250 Matthew Runkle (1) All current directors and executive officers as a group (11 persons) 49,649 1,010,334 
 
 Less than 1 
 (1) Messrs. Dell Amore, Murski and Runkle were appointed as directors of our general partner pursuant to the rights of Blackstone CQP Holdco under the Third Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of our general partner to appoint certain directors to the board of directors of our general partner. 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 
 In 2007, the board of directors of our general partner adopted the Cheniere Energy Partners, L.P. Long-Term Incentive Plan. The following table provides certain information as of December 31, 2022 with respect to this plan: 
 Plan Category Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights (1) Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in the first column) (2) Equity compensation plans approved by security holders N/A Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 15,000 N/A 1,182,500 Total 15,000 N/A 1,182,500 
 
 (1) The phantom units that have been granted are payable, at the director s election, in common units, in cash at the time of vesting in an amount equal to the fair market value of a common unit on such date or an equal amount of both. 
 (2) The number of securities remaining available for issuance does not include securities reserved for issuance upon the vesting of unvested phantom units issued to directors for which such directors have made an irrevocable election to receive common units in lieu of cash. 
 
 For more information regarding the Long-Term Incentive Plan, see Compensation Discussion and Analysis. 
 
 92 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 Related-Party Transactions 
 
 Prior to the completion of our initial public offering of common units in 2007, the managers of our general partner approved the distributions and payments to be made to our general partner and its affiliates in connection with our ongoing operations and, in the event of, our liquidation. During our operational stage, we will generally make cash distributions to our unitholders, including our affiliates, as described in Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Unitholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities , of this annual report on Form 10-K. Upon our liquidation, our partners, including our general partner, will be entitled to receive liquidating distributions according to their respective capital account balances. 
 
 Procedures for Review, Approval and Ratification of Transactions with Related Persons 
 
 Under the audit committee charter, the audit committee of our general partner is required to review and approve all transactions or series of related financial transactions, arrangements or relationships between the partnership and any related-party, if the amount involved exceeds 120,000 and such transactions have not been reviewed by the conflicts committee of our general partner. The following related-party transactions are in addition to those related-party transactions described in Note 14 Related Party Transactions of our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements which is herein incorporated by reference. Except as described below, such related-party transactions were approved by the members of the board of directors of our general partner, which includes each member of the audit committee. 
 
 In determining whether to approve or ratify a related party transaction, the audit committee of our general partner will apply the following standards and such other standards it deems appropriate: 
 whether the related party transaction is on terms no less favorable than the terms generally available to an unaffiliated third party under the same or similar circumstances; 
 whether the transaction is material to the Partnership or the related party; and 
 the extent of the related person s interest in the transaction. 
 
 In addition, pursuant to our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics approved by the board of directors of our general partner, the directors, officers and employees of our general partner are expected to bring to the attention of the Compliance Officer any conflict or potential conflict of interest. If a conflict or potential conflict of interest arises between us and a director, officer or any of our affiliates, the resolution of any such conflict or potential conflict should be addressed by the board in accordance with the provisions of our limited partnership agreement. 
 
 Employment of Director s Family Member 
 
 Corey Grindal s son, Christian Grindal, is a non-executive employee of Cheniere who earned aggregate cash compensation of approximately 165,000 for fiscal year 2022, consisting of base salary, cash bonus and certain relocation and associated transportation allowances, in addition to receiving equity compensation consisting of restricted stock unit RSU awards with a grant date fair value of 11,584. Christian Grindal is expected to earn aggregate cash compensation of approximately 140,000 to 150,000 for fiscal year 2023, consisting of base salary, cash bonus and transportation allowances, in addition to receiving equity compensation consisting of RSU awards with an expected intended value of 16,960. In addition, Christian Grindal received in 2022 and is eligible to receive in 2023 other customary employee benefits. The compensation for Christian Grindal was established by Cheniere in accordance with its compensation practices applicable to employees with comparable qualifications and responsibilities and holding similar positions, without the involvement of Corey Grindal. 
 
 93 

Table of Contents 

 Independent Directors 
 
 Because we are a limited partnership, the NYSE American does not require our general partner s board of directors to be composed of a majority of directors who meet the criteria for independence required by NYSE American. The board of our general partner has determined that Messrs. Ball, McCain, Pagano and Richard are independent directors in accordance with the following NYSE American independence standards. A director would not be independent if any of the following relationships exists: 
 a director who is, or during the past three years was, employed by the partnership, general partner or by any parent or subsidiary of the partnership or general partner, other than prior employment as an interim executive officer (provided the interim employment did not last longer than one year); 
 a director who accepts, or has an immediate family member who accepts, any compensation from the partnership, general partner or any parent or subsidiary of the partnership or general partner in excess of 120,000 during any twelve consecutive-month period within the three years preceding the determination of independence, other than compensation for board or committee services, or compensation paid to an immediate family member who is a non-executive employee of the partnership, general partner or any parent or subsidiary of the partnership or general partner, among other exceptions; 
 a director who is an immediate family member of an individual who is, or at any time during the past three years was, employed by the partnership, general partner or any parent or subsidiary of the partnership or general partner as an executive officer; 
 a director who is, or has an immediate family member who is, a partner in, or a controlling shareholder or an executive officer of, any organization to which the partnership, general partner or any parent or subsidiary of the partnership or general partner made, or from which the partnership, general partner or any parent or subsidiary of the partnership or general partner received, payments (other than those arising solely from investments in our common units or payments under non-discretionary charitable contribution matching programs) that exceed 5 of the organization s consolidated gross revenues for that year, or 200,000, whichever is more, in any of the most recent three fiscal years; 
 a director who is, or has an immediate family member who is, employed as an executive officer of another entity where at any time during the most recent three fiscal years any of the executive officers of the partnership, general partner or any parent or subsidiary of the partnership or general partner serves on the compensation committee of such other entity; or 
 a director who is, or has an immediate family member who is, a current partner of the outside auditor of the partnership, general partner or parent or subsidiary of the partnership or general partner, or was a partner or employee of the outside auditor of the partnership, general partner or any parent or subsidiary of the partnership or general partner who worked on our audit at any time during any of the past three years. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 Our independent registered public accounting firm is , , Auditor Firm ID . The following table sets forth the fees billed by KPMG LLP for professional services rendered for 2022 and 2021 (in millions): 
 Fiscal 2022 
 Fiscal 2021 
 Audit Fees 3 3 
 
 Audit Fees Audit fees for 2022 and 2021 include fees associated with the integrated audit of our annual Consolidated Financial Statements, reviews of our interim Consolidated Financial Statements and services performed in connection with registration statements and debt offerings, including comfort letters and consents.. 
 
 Audit-Related Fees There were no audit-related fees in 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Tax Fees There were no tax fees in 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Other Fees There were no other fees in 2022 and 2021. 
 94 

Table of Contents 

 Auditor Pre-Approval Policy and Procedures 
 
 Under the audit committee s charter, the audit committee is required to review and approve in advance all audit and lawfully permitted non-audit services to be provided by the independent accountants and the fees for such services. Pre-approval of non-audit services (other than review and attestation services) shall not be required if such services fall within exceptions established by the SEC. All audit and non-audit services provided to us during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were pre-approved. 
 95 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 (a) Financial Statements and Exhibits 
 
 (1) Financial Statements Cheniere Energy Partners, L.P.: 
 
 Management s Report to the Unitholders of Cheniere Energy Partners, L.P. 
 47 
 Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 48 
 Consolidated Statements of Income 
 52 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 53 
 Consolidated Statements of Partners Equity (Deficit) 
 54 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 55 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 56 

(2) Financial Statement Schedules: 
 
 Schedule I Condensed Financial Information of Registrant for the years ended December 31, 202 2 , 20 2 1 and 20 20 
 108 

(3) Exhibits: 
 
 Certain of the agreements filed as exhibits to this Form 10-K contain representations, warranties, covenants and conditions by the parties to the agreements that have been made solely for the benefit of the parties to the agreement. These representations, warranties, covenants and conditions: 
 
 should not in all instances be treated as categorical statements of fact, but rather as a way of allocating the risk to one of the parties if those statements prove to be inaccurate; 
 
 may have been qualified by disclosures that were made to the other parties in connection with the negotiation of the agreements, which disclosures are not necessarily reflected in the agreements; 
 
 may apply standards of materiality that differ from those of a reasonable investor; and 
 
 were made only as of specified dates contained in the agreements and are subject to subsequent developments and changed circumstances. 
 
 Accordingly, these representations and warranties may not describe the actual state of affairs as of the date they were made or at any other time. These agreements are included to provide you with information regarding their terms and are not intended to provide any other factual or disclosure information about the Partnership or the other parties to the agreements. Investors should not rely on them as statements of fact. 
 
 Exhibit No. Incorporated by Reference (1) Description Entity Form Exhibit Filing Date 2.1 Contribution and Conveyance Agreement, by and among the Partnership, Cheniere LNG Holdings, LLC, Cheniere Partners GP, Cheniere Investments, Sabine Pass LNG-GP, Inc. and Sabine Pass LP, effective as of March 26, 2007 
 CQP 8-K 10.4 3/26/2007 2.2 Amended and Restated Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of August 9, 2012, by and among the Partnership, Cheniere Pipeline Company, Grand Cheniere Pipeline, LLC and Cheniere 
 CQP 8-K 10.2 8/9/2012 
 96 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit No. Incorporated by Reference (1) Description Entity Form Exhibit Filing Date 3.1 Certificate of Limited Partnership of the Partnership 
 CQP 
 (SEC File No. 333-139572) 
 S-1 3.1 12/21/2006 3.2 Fourth Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of the Partnership, dated as of February 14, 2017 
 CQP 8-K 3.1 2/21/2017 3.3 Certificate of Formation of Cheniere Partners GP 
 CQP 
 (SEC File No. 333-139572) 
 S-1 3.3 12/21/2006 3.4 Third Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Cheniere Partners GP, dated as of August 9, 2012 
 CQP 8-K 3.2 8/9/2012 4.1 Form of common unit certificate (Included as Exhibit A to Exhibit 3.2 above) 
 CQP 8-K 3.1 2/21/2017 4.2 Indenture, dated as of February 1, 2013, by and among SPL, the guarantors that may become party thereto from time to time and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee 
 CQP 8-K 4.1 2/4/2013 4.3 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 16, 2013, between SPL and The Bank of New York Mellon, as Trustee 
 CQP 8-K 4.1.1 4/16/2013 4.4 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 16, 2013, between SPL and The Bank of New York Mellon, as Trustee 
 CQP 8-K 4.1.2 4/16/2013 4.5 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 25, 2013, between SPL and The Bank of New York Mellon, as Trustee 
 CQP 8-K 4.1 11/25/2013 4.6 Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 20, 2014, between SPL and The Bank of New York Mellon, as Trustee 
 CQP 8-K 4.1 5/22/2014 4.7 Form of 5.750 Senior Secured Note due 2024 (Included as Exhibit A-1 to Exhibit 4. 6 above) 
 CQP 8-K 4.1 5/22/2014 4.8 Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 20, 2014, between SPL and The Bank of New York Mellon, as Trustee 
 CQP 8-K 4.2 5/22/2014 4.9 Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 3, 2015, between SPL and The Bank of New York Mellon, as Trustee 
 CQP 8-K 4.1 3/3/2015 4.10 Form of 5.625 Senior Secured Note due 2025 (Included as Exhibit A-1 to Exhibit 4. 9 above) 
 CQP 8-K 4.1 3/3/2015 4.11 Seventh Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 14, 2016, between SPL and The Bank of New York Mellon, as Trustee under the Indenture 
 CQP 8-K 4.1 6/14/2016 4.12 Form of 5.875 Senior Secured Note due 2026 (Included as Exhibit A-1 to Exhibit 4.1 1 above) 
 CQP 8-K 4.1 6/14/2016 4.13 Eighth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 19, 2016, between SPL and The Bank of New York Mellon, as Trustee under the Indenture 
 CQP 8-K 4.1 9/23/2016 4.14 Ninth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 23, 2016, between SPL and The Bank of New York Mellon, as Trustee under the Indenture 
 CQP 8-K 4.2 9/23/2016 4.15 Form of 5.00 Senior Secured Note due 2027 (Included as Exhibit A-1 to Exhibit 4.1 4 above) 
 CQP 8-K 4.2 9/23/2016 4.16 Tenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 6, 2017, between SPL and The Bank of New York Mellon, as Trustee under the Indenture 
 CQP 8-K 4.1 3/6/2017 4.17 Form of 4.200 Senior Secured Note due 2028 (Included as Exhibit A-1 to Exhibit 4.1 6 above) 
 CQP 8-K 4.1 3/6/2017 4.18 Eleventh Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 8, 2020, between SPL and The Bank of New York Mellon, as Trustee under the Indenture 
 SPL 8-K 4.1 5/8/2020 4.19 Form of 4.500 Senior Secured Note due 2030 (Included as Exhibit A-1 to Exhibit 4. 18 above) 
 SPL 8-K 4.1 5/8/2020 4.20 Twelfth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 29, 2022, between SPL and The Bank of New York Mellon, as Trustee under the Indenture 
 SPL 8-K 4.1 11/29/2022 
 97 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit No. Incorporated by Reference (1) Description Entity Form Exhibit Filing Date 4.21 Form of 5.900 Senior Secured Amortizing Note s due 2037 (Included as Exhibit A-1 to Exhibit 4.20 above) 
 SPL 8-K 4.1 11/29/2022 4.22 Indenture, dated as of February 24, 2017, between SPL, the guarantors that may become party thereto from time to time and The Bank of New York Mellon, as Trustee under the Indenture 
 CQP 8-K 4.1 2/27/2017 4.23 Form of 5.00 Senior Secured Note due 2037 (Included as Exhibit A-1 to Exhibit 4.22 above) 
 CQP 8-K 4.1 2/27/2017 4.24 Indenture, dated as of December 15, 2021, between SPL and The Bank of New York Mellon, as Trustee 
 CQP 10-K 4.24 2/24/2022 4.25 Form of 2.95 Senior Secured Notes due 2037 (Included as Exhibit A-1 to Exhibit 4.24 above) 
 CQP 10-K 4.24 2/24/2022 4.26 Indenture, dated as of December 15, 2021, between SPL and The Bank of New York Mellon, as Trustee 
 CQP 10-K 4.26 2/24/2022 4.27 Form of 3.17 Senior Secured Notes due 2037 (Included as Exhibit A-1 to Exhibit 4.26 above) 
 CQP 10-K 4.26 2/24/2022 4.28 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 15, 2021, between SPL and The Bank of New York Mellon, as Trustee 
 CQP 10-K 4.28 2/24/2022 4.29 Form of 3.19 Senior Secured Notes due 2037 (Included as Exhibit A-1 to Exhibit 4.28 above) 
 CQP 10-K 4.28 2/24/2022 4.30 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 15, 2021, between SPL and The Bank of New York Mellon, as Trustee 
 CQP 10-K 4.30 2/24/2022 4.31 Form of 3.08 Senior Secured Notes due 2037 (Included as Exhibit A-1 to Exhibit 4.30 above) 
 CQP 10-K 4.30 2/24/2022 4.32 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 15, 2021, between SPL and The Bank of New York Mellon, as Trustee 
 CQP 10-K 4.32 2/24/2022 4.33 Form of 3.10 Senior Secured Notes due 2037 (Included as Exhibit A-1 to Exhibit 4.32 above) 
 CQP 10-K 4.32 2/24/2022 4.34 Indenture, dated as of September 18, 2017, between the Partnership, the guarantors party thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon, as Trustee under the Indenture 
 CQP 8-K 4.1 9/18/2017 4.35 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 18, 2017, between the Partnership, the guarantors party thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon, as Trustee under the Indenture 
 CQP 8-K 4.2 9/18/2017 4.36 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 11, 2018, among the Partnership, the guarantors party thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon, as Trustee under the Indenture 
 CQP 8-K 4.1 9/12/2018 4.37 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 12, 2019, among the Partnership, the guarantors party thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon, as Trustee under the Indenture 
 CQP 8-K 4.1 9/12/2019 4.38 Form of 4.500 Senior Notes due 2029 (Included as Exhibit A-1 to Exhibit 4.37 above) 
 CQP 8-K 4.1 9/12/2019 4.39 Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 5, 2020, between the Partnership, the guarantors party thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon, as Trustee under the Indenture 
 CQP 10-Q 4.1 11/6/2020 4.40 Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 11, 2021, among the Partnership, the guarantors party thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon, as Trustee under the Indenture 
 CQP 8-K 4.1 3/11/2021 4.41 Form of 4.000 Senior Notes due 2031 (Included as Exhibit A-1 to Exhibit 4.40 above) 
 CQP 8-K 4.1 3/11/2021 4.42 Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 27, 2021, among the Partnership, the guarantors party thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon, as Trustee under the Indenture 
 CQP 8-K 4.1 9/27/2021 4.43 Form of 3.25 Senior Notes due 2032 (Included as Exhibit A-1 to Exhibit 4.42 above) 
 CQP 8-K 4.1 9/27/2021 
 98 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit No. Incorporated by Reference (1) Description Entity Form Exhibit Filing Date 4.44 Seventh Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 27, 2021, among the Partnership, the guarantors party thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon, as Trustee under the Indenture 
 CQP 8-K 4.1 10/1/2021 4.45 Description of the Registrant s Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 CQP 10-K 4.45 2/24/2022 10.1 LNG Terminal Use Agreement, dated September 2, 2004, by and between Total LNG USA, Inc. and SPLNG 
 Cheniere 10-Q 10.1 11/15/2004 10.2 Amendment of LNG Terminal Use Agreement, dated January 24, 2005, by and between Total LNG USA, Inc. and SPLNG 
 Cheniere 10-K 10.40 3/10/2005 10.3 Amendment of LNG Terminal Use Agreement, dated June 15, 2010, by and between Total Gas Power North America, Inc. and SPLNG 
 Cheniere 10-Q 10.2 8/6/2010 10.4 Omnibus Agreement, dated September 2, 2004, by and between Total LNG USA, Inc. and SPLNG 
 Cheniere 10-Q 10.2 11/15/2004 10.5 Parent Guarantee, dated as of November 5, 2004, by Total S.A. in favor of SPLNG 
 Cheniere 10-Q 10.3 11/15/2004 10.6 Letter Agreement, dated September 11, 2012, between Total Gas Power North America, Inc. and SPLNG 
 CQP 10-Q 10.1 11/2/2012 10.7 LNG Terminal Use Agreement, dated November 8, 2004, between Chevron U.S.A. Inc. and SPLNG 
 Cheniere 10-Q 10.4 11/15/2004 10.8 Amendment to LNG Terminal Use Agreement, dated December 1, 2005, by and between Chevron U.S.A. Inc. and SPLNG 
 SPLNG S-4 10.28 11/22/2006 10.9 Amendment of LNG Terminal Use Agreement, dated June 16, 2010, by and between Chevron U.S.A. Inc. and SPLNG 
 Cheniere 10-Q 10.3 8/6/2010 10.10 Omnibus Agreement, dated November 8, 2004, between Chevron U.S.A. Inc. and SPLNG 
 Cheniere 10-Q 10.5 11/15/2004 10.11 Guaranty Agreement, dated as of December 15, 2004, from ChevronTexaco Corporation to SPLNG 
 SPLNG S-4 10.12 11/22/2006 10.12 Second Amended and Restated LNG Terminal Use Agreement, dated as of July 31, 2012, between SPL and SPLNG 
 SPLNG 8-K 10.1 8/6/2012 10.13 Letter Agreement, dated May 28, 2013, by and between SPL and SPLNG 
 SPLNG 10-Q 10.1 8/2/2013 10.14 Guarantee Agreement, dated as of July 31, 2012, by the Partnership in favor of SPLNG 
 SPLNG 8-K 10.2 8/6/2012 10.15 Third Amended and Restated Common Terms Agreement, among SPL, as borrower, the Secured Debt Holder Group Representatives party thereto, the Secured Hedge Representatives party thereto, the Secured Gas Hedge Representatives party thereto and Soci t G n rale, as the Common Security Trustee and the Intercreditor Agent 
 CQP 8-K 10.2 3/23/2020 10.16 Working Capital Revolving Credit and Letter of Credit Reimbursement Agreement, among SPL, as borrower, certain subsidiaries of SPL, The Bank of Nova Scotia, as Senior Facility Agent, Soci t G n rale, as the Common Security Trustee, the issuing banks and lenders from time to time party thereto and other participants 
 CQP 8-K 10.1 3/23/2020 10.17 Third Amended and Restated Accounts Agreement, among SPL, certain subsidiaries of SPL, Soci t G n rale, as the Common Security Trustee, and Citibank, N.A. as the Accounts Bank 
 CQP 8-K 10.3 3/23/2020 
 99 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit No. Incorporated by Reference (1) Description Entity Form Exhibit Filing Date 10.18 First Amendment to Third Amended and Restated Common Terms Agreement, dated as of July 26, 2021, among SPL, as borrower, the Secured Debt Holder Group Representatives party thereto, the Secured Hedge Representatives party thereto, the Secured Gas Hedge Representatives party thereto and Soci t G n rale, as the Common Security Trustee and the Intercreditor Agent 
 CQP 10-Q 10.2 11/4/2021 10.19 Credit and Guaranty Agreement, dated May 29, 2019, among the Partnership, as Borrower, certain subsidiaries of the Partnership, as Subsidiary Guarantors, the lenders from time to time party thereto, Natixis, Soci t G n rale, The Bank of Nova Scotia, Wells Fargo Bank, as Issuing Banks, MUFG Bank, LTD as Administrative Agent and Sole Coordinating Lead Arranger, and certain arrangers and other participants 
 CQP 8-K 10.1 6/3/2019 10.20 Consent and Amendment to the Credit and Guaranty Agreement, dated July 6, 2022, among the Partnership, as Borrower, certain subsidiaries of the Partnership, as Subsidiary Guarantors, the lenders from time to time party thereto, Natixis, Soci t G n rale, The Bank of Nova Scotia, Wells Fargo Bank, as Issuing Banks, MUFG Bank, LTD as Administrative Agent and Sole Coordinating Lead Arranger, and certain arrangers and other participants 
 CQP 10-Q 10.1 8/4/2022 10.21 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of November 29, 2022, between SPL and Goldman Sachs Co. LLC 
 SPL 8-K 10.1 11/29/2022 10.22 Cheniere Energy Partners, L.P. 2007 Long-Term Incentive Plan 
 CQP 8-K 10.3 3/26/2007 10.23 Form of Phantom Units Agreement under the Cheniere Energy Partners, L.P. Long-Term Incentive Plan (2012 Reload Award) 
 CQP 10-Q 10.9 11/2/2012 10.24 Form of Phantom Units Agreement under the Cheniere Energy Partners, L.P. Long-Term Incentive Plan 
 CQP 10-Q 10.8 11/2/2012 10.25 Form of Amendment to Phantom Units Agreement 
 CQP 10-Q 10.7 11/2/2012 10.26 Form of Phantom Units Agreement under the Cheniere Energy Partners, L.P. Long-Term Incentive Plan (Units Settlement) 
 CQP 10-K 10.41 2/20/2015 10.27 Form of Phantom Units Agreement under the Cheniere Energy Partners, L.P. Long-Term Incentive Plan (Reload Units Settlement) 
 CQP 10-K 10.42 2/20/2015 10.28 Form of Indemnification Agreement for officers and/or directors of Cheniere Partners GP 
 CQP 10-Q 10.2 11/3/2022 10.29 Lump Sum Turnkey Agreement for the Engineering, Procurement and Construction of the Sabine Pass LNG Stage 4 Liquefaction Facility, dated November 7, 2018, by and between SPL and Bechtel Oil, Gas and Chemicals, Inc. (Portions of this exhibit have been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a request for confidential treatment.) 
 CQP 8-K 10.1 11/9/2018 10.30 Change order to the Lump Sum Turnkey Agreement for the Engineering, Procurement and Construction of the Sabine Pass LNG Stage 4 Liquefaction Facility, dated November 7, 2018, by and between SPL and Bechtel Oil Gas and Chemicals, Inc.: the Change Order CO-00001 Modifications to Insurance Language Change Order, dated June 3, 2019 
 CQP 10-Q 10.4 8/8/2019 
 100 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit No. Incorporated by Reference (1) Description Entity Form Exhibit Filing Date 10.31 Change order to the Lump Sum Turnkey Agreement for the Engineering, Procurement and Construction of the Sabine Pass LNG Stage 4 Liquefaction Facility, dated November 7, 2018, by and between SPL and Bechtel Oil Gas and Chemicals, Inc.: (i) the Change Order CO-00002 Fuel Provisional Sum Closure, dated July 8, 2019, (ii) the Change Order CO-00003 Currency Provisional Sum Closure, dated July 8, 2019, (iii) the Change Order CO-00004 Foreign Trade Zone, dated July 2, 2019, (iv) the Change Order CO-00005 NGPL Gate Access Security Coordination Provisional Sum, dated July 17, 2019, (v) the Change Order CO-00006 Alternate to Adams Valves, dated August 14, 2019, (vi) the Change Order CO-00007 E-1503 to HRU Permanent Drain Piping, dated August 14, 2019, (vii) the Change Order CO-00008 Differing Subsurface Soil Conditions - Train 6 ISBL, dated August 27, 2019, (viii) the Change Order CO-00009 LNG Berth 3, dated September 25, 2019 and (iv) the Change Order CO-00010 Cold Box Redesign and Addition of Inspection Boxes on Methane Cold Box, dated September 16, 2019 
 CQP 10-Q 10.2 11/1/2019 10.32 Change order to the Lump Sum Turnkey Agreement for the Engineering, Procurement and Construction of the Sabine Pass LNG Stage 4 Liquefaction Facility, dated November 7, 2018, by and between SPL and Bechtel Oil Gas and Chemicals, Inc.: (i) the Change Order CO-00011 Insurance Provisional Sum Interim Adjustment, dated October 1, 2019 and (ii) the Change Order CO-00012 Replacement of Timber Piles with Pre-Stressed Concrete Piles, dated October 30, 2019 
 CQP 10-K 10.34 2/25/2020 10.33 Change order to the Lump Sum Turnkey Agreement for the Engineering, Procurement and Construction of the Sabine Pass LNG Stage 4 Liquefaction Facility, dated November 7, 2018, by and between SPL and Bechtel Oil Gas and Chemicals, Inc.: (i) the Change Order CO-00013 Cost to Comply with SPL FTZ (FTZ entries, bonded transports and receipts for AG Pipe Spools Only), dated February 10, 2020, (ii) the Change Order CO-00014 Permanent Access Road to Third Berth, dated February 10, 2020, (iii) the Change Order CO-00015 Modifications to Schedule Bonus Language, dated February 10, 2020, (iv) the Change Order CO-00016 LNG Berth 3 LNTP No 3, dated January 31, 2020 and (v) the Change Order CO-00017 Construction Doc Fender Guards and LP Fuel Gas Overpressure Interlock, dated March 18, 2020 
 CQP 10-Q 10.4 4/30/2020 10.34 Change order to the Lump Sum Turnkey Agreement for the Engineering, Procurement and Construction of the Sabine Pass LNG Stage 4 Liquefaction Facility, dated November 7, 2018, by and between SPL and Bechtel Oil Gas and Chemicals, Inc.: (i) the Change Order CO-00018 Electrical Studies for GTG Grid Modification, dated April 2, 2020, (ii) the Change Order CO-00019 Third Berth - Change in 5kV Electrical Tie-In, dated April 30, 2020, (iii) the Change Order CO-00020 LNG Berth 3 LNTP No. 4, dated May 4, 2020, (iv) the Change Order CO-00021 Train 6 P1601 A/B/ Flange Changes, dated May 27, 2020 and (v) the Change Order CO-00022 Train 6 H2S Skid Modifications to Level Transmitters GTG Pressure Range Change on PT-573 A/B, dated June 4, 2020 
 CQP 10-Q 10.2 8/6/2020 
 101 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit No. Incorporated by Reference (1) Description Entity Form Exhibit Filing Date 10.35 Change order to the Lump Sum Turnkey Agreement for the Engineering, Procurement and Construction of the Sabine Pass LNG Stage 4 Liquefaction Facility, dated November 7, 2018, by and between SPL and Bechtel Oil Gas and Chemicals, Inc.: (i) the Change Order CO-00023 Third Berth Vapor Fence Provisional Sum Scope Removal and Closeout, dated June 22, 2020, (ii) the Change Order CO-00024 Train 6 Thermowell Upgrades, dated June 22, 2020, (iii) the Change Order CO-00025 Third Berth Bubble Curtain, dated June 22, 2020, (iv) the Change Order CO-00026 Third Berth Fuel Provisional Sum Closure Change Order, dated July 14, 2020, (v) the Change Order CO-00027 Third Berth Currency Provisional Sum Closure Change Order, dated July 20, 2020, (vi) the Change Order CO-00028 Train 6 Hot Oil WHRU PSV Bypass, dated August 11, 2020 and (vii) the Change Order CO-00029 Change in Law IMO 2020 Regulatory Change Low Sulphur Emissions on Marine Vessels, dated August 25, 2020 
 CQP 10-Q 10.1 11/6/2020 10.36 Change order to the Lump Sum Turnkey Agreement for the Engineering, Procurement and Construction of the Sabine Pass LNG Stage 4 Liquefaction Facility, dated November 7, 2018, by and between the SPL and Bechtel Oil Gas and Chemicals, Inc.: (i) the Change Order CO-00030 Third Berth Soil Preparation Provisional Sum Interim Adjustment Change Order, dated September 16, 2020, (ii) the Change Order CO-00031 Provisional Sum Consolidation (PAB, Taxes Insurance), dated October 2, 2020, (iii) the Change Order CO-00032 COVID-19 Impacts, dated October 2, 2020, (iv) the Change Order CO-00033 Third Berth - Jetty Building (00A-4041) - Clean Agent System, dated November 2, 2020 and (v) the Change Order CO-00034 Vanessa Spare Valves, dated November 18, 2020 
 CQP 10-K 10.34 2/24/2021 10.37 Change orders to the Lump Sum Turnkey Agreement for the Engineering, Procurement and Construction of the Sabine Pass LNG Stage 4 Liquefaction Facility, dated November 7, 2018, by and between SPL and Bechtel Oil Gas and Chemicals, Inc.: (i) the Change Order CO-00035 Impacts from Hurricanes Laura and Delta, dated December 22, 2020, (ii) the Change Order CO-00036 Third Berth - Add N2 Connection on Liquid Hybrid SVT Loading Arm Apex, dated December 22, 2020, (iii) the Change Order CO-00037 Third Berth Design Vessels Update, dated December 22, 2020, (iv) the Change Order CO-00038 Train 6 PV-16002 FV-15104 Valve Trim Upgrades, dated January 21, 2021, (v) the Change Order CO-00039 Third Berth Design Update to Supply Bunkering Fuel, dated February 11, 2021, (vi) the Change Order CO-00040 LNG Benchmark 7 Elevation Change, dated February 11, 2021, (vii) the Change Order CO-00041 Costs to Comply with SPL FTZ (Excluding Pipe Spools), dated February 12, 2021 and (viii) the Change Order CO-00042 COVID-19 Impacts 1Q2021, dated March 12, 2021 
 CQP 10-Q 10.2 5/4/2021 
 102 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit No. Incorporated by Reference (1) Description Entity Form Exhibit Filing Date 10.38 Change orders to the Lump Sum Turnkey Agreement for the Engineering, Procurement and Construction of the Sabine Pass LNG Stage 4 Liquefaction Facility, dated November 7, 2018, by and between SPL and Bechtel Oil Gas and Chemicals, Inc.: (i) the Change Order CO-00043 Third Berth SVT Loading Arm Spares, dated April 9, 2021, (ii) the Change Order CO-00044 Third Berth U/G Directional Drilling Cathodic Protection Provisional Sum Closures, dated April 9, 2021, (iii) the Change Order CO-00045 Winter Storm Impacts, dated April 9, 2021, (iv) the Change Order CO-00046 NGPL Security Provisional Sum Interim Adjustment, dated June 15, 2021, (v) the Change Order CO-00047 80 Acres Bridge, dated June 15, 2021 and (vi) the Change Order CO-00048 AGRU Additions for Lean Solvent Overpressure, dated June 15, 2021 
 CQP 10-Q 10.1 8/5/2021 10.39 Change orders to the Lump Sum Turnkey Agreement for the Engineering, Procurement and Construction of the Sabine Pass LNG Stage 4 Liquefaction Facility, dated November 7, 2018, by and between SPL and Bechtel Oil Gas and Chemicals, Inc.: (i) the Change Order CO-00049 COVID-19 Impacts 2Q2021, dated July 6, 2021, (ii) CO-00050 Third Berth Bunkering Ship Modifications Pre-Investment for Foundations, dated July 6, 2021, (iii) CO-00051 Thermal Oxidizer Controls Change, dated September 8, 2021, (iv) CO-00052 Third Berth Spare Beacon and Additional Cable Tray, dated September 8, 2021 and (v) CO-00053 Train 6 Gearbox Assembly Replacement for Unit 1411, dated September 24, 2021 
 Cheniere 10-Q 10.1 11/4/2021 10.40 Change orders to the Lump Sum Turnkey Agreement for the Engineering, Procurement and Construction of the Sabine Pass LNG Stage 4 Liquefaction Facility, dated November 7, 2018, by and between SPL and Bechtel Oil Gas and Chemicals, Inc.: (i) the Change Order CO-00054 80 Acres Bridge Credit, dated November 30, 2021, (ii) CO-00055 Change in Law LPDES Permit - Water Treatment Filter Washing, dated December15, 2021, (iii) CO-00056 Impacts from Hurricane Ida, dated December 15, 2021 and (iv) CO-00057 Impacts from Hurricane Nicholas, dated December 15, 2021 
 CQP 10-K 10.39 2/24/2022 10.41 Change orders to the Lump Sum Turnkey Agreement for the Engineering, Procurement and Construction of the Sabine Pass LNG Stage 4 Liquefaction Facility, dated November 7, 2018, by and between SPL and Bechtel Oil Gas and Chemicals, Inc.: (i) the Change Order CO-00058 COVID-19 Impacts 3Q2021, dated January 6, 2022, (ii) CO-00059 Spill Containment SIL 2 Interlock, dated January 11, 2022, (iii) the Change Order CO-00060 Third Berth Soil Preparation Provisional Sum Closure, dated March 15, 2022, (iv) the Change Order CO-00061 COVID-19 Impacts 4Q2021, dated March 15, 2022 and (v) the Change Order CO-00062 FERC Condition 61, dated March 15, 2022 
 CQP 10-Q 10.1 5/4/2022 10.42 Change orders to the Lump Sum Turnkey Agreement for the Engineering, Procurement and Construction of the Sabine Pass LNG Stage 4 Liquefaction Facility, dated November 7, 2018, by and between SPL and Bechtel Oil Gas and Chemicals, Inc.: (i) the Change Order CO-00063 FERC Condition 78, dated May 6, 2022, (ii) the Change Order CO-00064 FERC Impact to Pipe Installation, dated June 14, 2022, (iii) the Change Order CO-00065 Spill Containment Sil 2 Interlock, dated June 15, 2022 and (iv) the Change Order CO-00066 Marine Dredging and Management Oversight Provisional Sums Closure, dated June 16, 2022 
 CQP 10-Q 10.2 8/4/2022 
 103 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit No. Incorporated by Reference (1) Description Entity Form Exhibit Filing Date 10.43 Change orders to the Lump Sum Turnkey Agreement for the Engineering, Procurement and Construction of the Sabine Pass LNG Stage 4 Liquefaction Facility, dated November 7, 2018, by and between SPL and Bechtel Oil Gas and Chemicals, Inc.: (i) the Change Order CO-00067 Performance and Attendance Bonus PAB Provisional Sum Closure, dated August 18, 2022, (ii) the Change Order CO-00068 Performance and Attendance Bonus PAB Provisional Sum Closure (Reconciliation to CO-00067), dated August 18, 2022, and (iii) the Change Order CO-00069 COVID-19 Impacts 1Q2022 and 2Q2022, dated August 29, 2022 
 CQP 10-Q 10.1 11/3/2022 10.44 Change orders to the Lump Sum Turnkey Agreement for the Engineering, Procurement and Construction of the Sabine Pass LNG Stage 4 Liquefaction Facility, dated November 7, 2018, by and between SPL and Bechtel Oil Gas and Chemicals, Inc.: (i) the Change Order CO-00070 80-Acres Bridge, dated October 28, 2022, (ii) the Change Order CO-00071 Mooring System Low-Tension Common Alarm, dated October 31, 2022, (iii) the Change Order CO-00072 FERC Hydrocarbon Permit Conditions, dated October 31, 2022 , (iv) the Change Order CO-00073 BN#2 Beacon Pile Relocation, dated October 31, 202 2 and (v) the Change Order CO-00 074 FERC Condition 56: ISA 84 Gas Detection, dated October 31, 202 2 
 10.45 LNG Sale and Purchase Agreement (FOB), dated November 21, 2011, between SPL (Seller) and Gas Natural Aprovisionamientos SDG S.A. (subsequently assigned to Gas Natural Fenosa LNG GOM, Limited) (Buyer) 
 CQP 8-K 10.1 11/21/2011 10.46 Amendment No. 1 of LNG Sale and Purchase Agreement (FOB), dated April 3, 2013, between SPL (Seller) and Gas Natural Aprovisionamientos SDG S.A. (subsequently assigned to Gas Natural Fenosa LNG GOM, Limited) (Buyer) 
 CQP 10-Q 10.1 5/3/2013 10.47 Amendment of LNG Sale and Purchase Agreement (FOB), dated January 12, 2017, between SPL (Seller) and Gas Natural Fenosa LNG GOM, Limited (assignee of Gas Natural Aprovisionamientos SDG S.A.) (Buyer) 
 SPL 
 (SEC File No. 333-215882) 
 S-4 10.3 2/3/2017 10.48 LNG Sale and Purchase Agreement (FOB), dated December 11, 2011, between SPL (Seller) and GAIL (India) Limited (Buyer) 
 CQP 8-K 10.1 12/12/2011 10.49 Amendment No. 1 of LNG Sale and Purchase Agreement (FOB), dated February 18, 2013, between SPL (Seller) and GAIL (India) Limited (Buyer) 
 CQP 10-K 10.18 2/22/2013 10.50 Amended and Restated LNG Sale and Purchase Agreement (FOB), dated January 25, 2012, between SPL (Seller) and BG Gulf Coast LNG, LLC (Buyer) 
 CQP 8-K 10.1 1/26/2012 10.51 LNG Sale and Purchase Agreement (FOB), dated January 30, 2012, between SPL (Seller) and Korea Gas Corporation (Buyer) 
 CQP 8-K 10.1 1/30/2012 10.52 Amendment No. 1 of LNG Sale and Purchase Agreement (FOB), dated February 18, 2013, between SPL (Seller) and Korea Gas Corporation (Buyer) 
 CQP 10-K 10.19 2/22/2013 10.53 Amended and Restated LNG Sale and Purchase Agreement (FOB), dated August 5, 2014, between SPL (Seller) and Cheniere Marketing, LLC (Buyer) 
 SPL 8-K 10.1 8/11/2014 10.54 Letter agreement, dated December 8, 2016, amending the Amended and Restated LNG Sale and Purchase Agreement (FOB), dated August 5, 2014, between SPL and Cheniere Marketing International LLP (as assignee of Cheniere Marketing, LLC) 
 SPL 10-K 10.14 2/24/2017 
 104 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit No. Incorporated by Reference (1) Description Entity Form Exhibit Filing Date 10.55 Amendment No. 1 of Amended and Restated LNG Sale and Purchase Agreement, dated May 3, 2019, by and between SPL and Cheniere Marketing International LLP 
 CQP 10-Q 10.1 5/9/2019 10.56 Letter Agreement, dated December 9, 2020, regarding the Amended and Restated LNG Sale and Purchase Agreement (FOB), dated August 5, 2014, between SPL and Cheniere Marketing International LLP (as assignee of Cheniere Marketing, LLC). 
 CQP 8-K 10.1 12/9/2020 10.57 Letter Agreement, dated August 4, 2021, regarding the Amended and Restated LNG Sale and Purchase Agreement (FOB), dated August 5, 2014, between SPL and Cheniere Marketing International LLP (as assignee of Cheniere Marketing, LLC) 
 CQP 10-Q 10.2 8/5/2021 10.58 Letter Agreement, dated August 4, 2021, regarding the Amended and Restated LNG Sale and Purchase Agreement (FOB), dated August 5, 2014, between SPL and Cheniere Marketing International LLP (as assignee of Cheniere Marketing, LLC) 
 CQP 10-Q 10.3 8/5/2021 10.59 Letter agreement, dated November 3, 2021, regarding the Amended and Restated LNG Sale and Purchase Agreement (FOB), dated August 5, 2014, between SPL and Cheniere Marketing International LLP (as assignee of Cheniere Marketing, LLC) 
 CQP 10-Q 10.3 11/4/2021 10.60 Letter Agreement, dated November 24, 2021, regarding the Amended and Restated LNG Sale and Purchase Agreement (FOB), dated August 5, 2014, between SPL and Cheniere Marketing International LLP (as assignee of Cheniere Marketing, LLC) 
 CQP 8-K 10.1 11/26/2021 10.61 LNG Sale and Purchase Agreement (Tourmaline Oil Marketing Corp), dated June 15, 2022, between SPL and Cheniere Marketing International LLP 
 CQP 10-Q 10.3 11/3/2022 10.62 Management Services Agreement, dated May 14, 2012, by and between Cheniere Terminals and SPL 
 CQP 8-K 10.6 5/15/2012 10.63 Amendment to Management Services Agreement, dated September 28, 2015, between Cheniere Terminals and SPL 
 SPL 10-Q/A 10.8 11/9/2015 10.64 Amended and Restated Management Services Agreement, dated as of August 9, 2012, by and between Cheniere Terminals and SPLNG 
 CQP 10-Q 10.6 11/2/2012 10.65 Management Services Agreement, dated May 27, 2013, by and between Cheniere Terminals and CTPL 
 CQP 10-Q 10.2 8/2/2013 10.66 Operation and Maintenance Agreement (Sabine Pass Liquefaction Facilities), dated May 14, 2012, by and between Cheniere LNG O M Services, LLC, Cheniere Partners GP and SPL 
 CQP 8-K 10.5 5/15/2012 10.67 Assignment and Assumption Agreement (Sabine Pass Liquefaction O M Agreement), dated as of November 20, 2013, by and between Cheniere Partners GP and Cheniere Investments 
 Cheniere Holdings S-1/A 10.76 12/2/2013 10.68 Amendment to Operation and Maintenance Agreement (Sabine Pass Liquefaction Facilities), dated September 28, 2015, by and among Cheniere LNG O M Services, LLC, Cheniere Investments and SPL 
 SPL 10-Q/A 10.7 11/9/2015 10.69 Amended and Restated Operation and Maintenance Agreement (Sabine Pass LNG Facilities), dated as of August 9, 2012, by and among Cheniere Partners GP, Cheniere LNG O M Services, LLC, and SPLNG 
 CQP 10-Q 10.5 11/2/2012 
 105 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit No. Incorporated by Reference (1) Description Entity Form Exhibit Filing Date 10.70 Assignment and Assumption Agreement (Sabine Pass LNG O M Agreement), dated as of November 20, 2013, by and between Cheniere Partners GP and Cheniere Investments 
 Cheniere Holdings S-1/A 10.75 12/2/2013 10.71 Amended and Restated Management and Administrative Services Agreement, dated as of August 9, 2012, by and between Cheniere Terminals, the Partnership and Cheniere 
 CQP 10-Q 10.4 11/2/2012 10.72 Amended and Restated Operation and Maintenance Services Agreement (Cheniere Creole Trail Pipeline), dated May 27, 2013, by and between CTPL and Cheniere Partners GP 
 CQP 10-Q 10.1 8/2/2013 10.73 Assignment and Assumption Agreement (Creole Trail O M Agreement), dated as of November 20, 2013, between Cheniere Partners GP and Cheniere Investments 
 Cheniere Holdings S-1/A 10.74 12/2/2013 10.74 Cooperative Endeavor Agreement Payment in Lieu of Tax Agreement with eleven Cameron Parish taxing authorities, dated October 23, 2007, by and between Cheniere Marketing, Inc. and SPLNG 
 Cheniere 10-Q 10.7 11/6/2007 10.75 Amended and Restated Services and Secondment Agreement, dated as of August 9, 2012, between Cheniere LNG O M Services, LLC and Cheniere Partners GP 
 CQP 10-Q 10.3 11/2/2012 10.76 Assignment and Assumption Agreement (Services and Secondment Agreement), dated as of November 20, 2013, by and between Cheniere Partners GP and Cheniere Investments 
 Cheniere Holdings S-1/A 10.73 12/2/2013 10.77 Investors and Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of July 31, 2012, by and among Cheniere, Cheniere Partners GP, the Partnership, Cheniere Class B Units Holdings, LLC, Blackstone CQP Holdco LP and the other investors party thereto from time to time 
 CQP 8-K 10.1 8/6/2012 21.1 Subsidiaries of the Partnership 
 22.1 List of Issuers and Guarantor Subsidiaries 
 23.1 Consent of KPMG LLP 
 31.1 Certification by Chief Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Exchange Act 
 31.2 Certification by Chief Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Exchange Act 
 32.1 Certification by Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.2 Certification by Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 106 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit No. Incorporated by Reference (1) Description Entity Form Exhibit Filing Date 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 
 (1) Exhibits are incorporated by reference to reports of Cheniere (SEC File No. 001-16383), CQP (SEC File No. 001-33366), Cheniere Energy Partners LP Holdings, LLC Cheniere Holdings (SEC File No. 333-191298), SPL (SEC File No. 333-192373) and SPLNG (SEC File No. 333-138916), as applicable, unless otherwise indicated. Filed herewith. Furnished herewith. Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

107 

Table of Contents 
 SCHEDULE I CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF REGISTRANT 
 ) ) General and administrative expense affiliate ) ) ) Amortization of capitalized interest associated to investment in subsidiaries ) ) ) Total operating costs and expenses ) ) ) Other income (expense) Interest expense, net of capitalized interest ) ) ) Loss on modification or extinguishment of debt ) Other income Equity income of affiliates Total other income Net income 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed financial statements. 
 
 108 

Table of Contents 
 SCHEDULE I CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF REGISTRANT 

Other current assets Total current assets Capitalized interest associated to investment in subsidiaries, net of amortization Debt issuance costs, net of accumulated amortization Investment in affiliates Total assets LIABILITIES AND PARTNERS EQUITY Current liabilities Accrued liabilities Due to affiliates Total current liabilities Long-term debt, net of debt issuance costs Partners equity ) Total liabilities and partners equity 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed financial statements. 
 
 109 

Table of Contents 
 SCHEDULE I CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF REGISTRANT 

Cash flows from investing activities Capitalized interest associated to investment in subsidiaries ) ) ) Investments in subsidiaries ) ) ) Distributions received from affiliates Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities Proceeds from issuance of debt Redemptions and repayments of debt ) Debt issuance and other financing costs ) Debt extinguishment costs ) Distributions to owners ) ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents ) ) Cash, cash equivalents beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents end of period 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed financial statements. 
 
 110 

Table of Contents 
 SCHEDULE I CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF REGISTRANT 
 
 CHENIERE ENERGY PARTNERS, L.P. 
 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 due 2029 
 due 2031 
 due 2032 
 Total CQP Senior Notes CQP Credit Facilities executed in 2019 
 Total debt Unamortized debt issuance costs ) ) Total long-term debt, net of premium and debt issuance costs 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 
 NOTE 3 SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION 
 
 Non-cash capital distributions (1) 
 
 (1) 
 
 111 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 
 None. 
 
 112 

Table of Contents 
 
 SIGNATURES 

 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 CHENIERE ENERGY PARTNERS, L.P. By: Cheniere Energy Partners GP, LLC, its general partner By: /s/ Jack A. Fusco Jack A. Fusco President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Date: February 22, 2023 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the general partner of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 
 Signature Title Date /s/ Jack A. Fusco President and Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of the Board (Principal Executive Officer) February 22, 2023 Jack A. Fusco /s/ Zach Davis Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Director (Principal Financial Officer) February 22, 2023 Zach Davis /s/ David Slack Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) February 22, 2023 David Slack /s/ Corey Grindal Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, Director February 22, 2023 Corey Grindal /s/ Tim Wyatt Senior Vice President, Corporate Development and Strategy, Director February 22, 2023 Tim Wyatt /s/ James R. Ball Director February 22, 2023 James R. Ball /s/ Christopher Dell Amore Director February 22, 2023 Christopher Dell Amore /s/ Lon McCain Director February 22, 2023 Lon McCain /s/ Mark Murski Director February 22, 2023 Mark Murski /s/ Vincent Pagano Jr. Director February 22, 2023 Vincent Pagano Jr. /s/ Oliver G. Richard, III Director February 22, 2023 Oliver G. Richard, III /s/ Matthew Runkle Director February 22, 2023 Matthew Runkle 
 
 113 

<EX-10.44>
 2
 exhibit1044cqp2022form4thq.htm
 EX-10.44

Document 

Exhibit 10.44 
 CHANGE ORDER 
 80-ACRES BRIDGE 

PROJECT NAME Sabine Pass LNG Stage 4 Liquefaction Facility 
 
 OWNER Sabine Pass Liquefaction, LLC 
 
 CONTRACTOR Bechtel Oil, Gas and Chemicals, Inc. 
 
 DATE OF AGREEMEN T November 7, 2018 
 CHANGE ORDER NUMBE R CO-00070 
 
 DATE OF CHANGE ORD ER 28-Oct-2022 

The Agreement between the Parties listed above is changed as follows 
 
 1. In accordance with Section 6.1 of the Agreement Change Orders Requested by Owner ), the Parties agree this Change Order includes Contractor s costs to provide the Engineering, Procurement, and Construction services to install a permanent beam bridge 80 Acres Bridge between the 80 Acres real estate and Lighthouse Road. This Change Order comprises 
 a. A concrete slab beam design with 12ea concrete beams and 
 b. Includes for the demolition and removal of the existing north and south bridges. 
 
 2. For context this Change Order, therefore, addresses Work that Contractor commenced and subsequently discontinued under Change Orders CO-00047 and CO-00054, executed on 18-Jun-2021 and 01-Dec-2021 respectively. 
 
 3. The detailed cost breakdown for this Change Order is detailed in Exhibit A of this Change Order. 
 
 4. Schedule C-3 (Milestone Payment Schedule) of Attachment C of the Agreement will be amended by including the milestone(s) listed in Exhibit B of this Change Order. 
 
 Adjustment to Contract Price Applicable to Subproject 6(a) 
 1. The original Contract Price Applicable to Subproject 6(a) was 
 2,016,892,573 2. Net change for Contract Price Applicable to Subproject 6(a) by previously authorized Change Orders (#01-08, 10-13, 15, 17-18, 21-22, 24, 28-29, 31-32, 34-35, 38, 41-42, 45-49, 51, 53-58, 61) 697,987 3. The Contract Price Applicable to Subproject 6(a) prior to this Change Order was 2,017,590,560 4. The Contract Price Applicable to Subproject 6(a) will be unchanged by this Change Order in the amount of 5. The Provisional Sum Applicable to Subproject 6(a) will be unchanged by this Change Order in the amount of 6. The Contract Price Applicable to Subproject 6(a) including this Change Order will be 2,017,590,560 
 
 Adjustment to Contract Price Applicable to Subproject 6(b) 
 7. The original Contract Price Applicable to Subproject 6(b) (in CO-00009) was 457,696,000 8. Net change for Contract Price Applicable to Subproject 6(b) by previously authorized Change Orders (#14, 16, 19-20, 23, 25-27, 30-31, 33, 36-37, 39-40, 43-44, 50, 52, 59-60, 62-69) 7,578,450 9. The Contract Price Applicable to Subproject 6(b) prior to this Change Order was 465,274,450 10. The Contract Price Applicable to Subproject 6(b) will be changed by this Change Order 1,584,805 11. The Provisional Sum Applicable to Subproject 6(b) will be unchanged by this Change Order 12. The Contract Price Applicable to Subproject 6(b) including this Change Order will be 466,859,255 
 
 Adjustment to Contract Price 
 13. The original Contract Price for Subproject 6(a) and Subproject 6(b) was (add lines 1 and 7) 2,474,588,573 14. The Contract Price prior to this Change Order was (add lines 3 and 9) 2,482,865,010 

15. The Contract Price will be increased by this Change Order in the amount of (add lines 4, 5, 10 and 11) 1,584,805 16. The new Contract Price including this Change Order will be (add lines 14 and 15) 2,484,449,815 
 
 Adjustment to dates in Project Schedule for Subproject 6(a) 
 The following dates are modified N A 
 Adjustment to other Changed Criteria for Subproject 6(a) N A 
 Adjustment to Payment Schedule for Subproject 6(a) N A 
 Adjustment to Minimum Acceptance Criteria for Subproject 6(a) N A 
 Adjustment to Performance Guarantees for Subproject 6(a) N A 
 Adjustment to Design Basis for Subproject 6(a) N A 
 Other adjustments to liability or obligations of Contractor or Owner under the Agreement for Subproject 6(a) N A 
 
 Adjustment to dates in Project Schedule for Subproject 6(b) 
 The following dates are modified N A This Work is performed post-Substantial Completion 
 
 Adjustment to other Changed Criteria for Subproject 6(b) N A This Work is performed post-Substantial Completion 
 
 Adjustment to Payment Schedule for Subproject 6(b) Yes see Exhibit B 
 Adjustment to Design Basis for Subproject 6(b) N A - This Work is performed post-Substantial Completion 
 Other adjustments to liability or obligation of Contractor or Owner under the Agreement N A - This Work is performed post-Substantial Completion 
 
 Select either A or B 
 
 A This Change Order shall constitute a full and final settlement and accord and satisfaction of all effects of the change reflected in this Change Order upon the Changed Criteria and shall be deemed to compensate Contractor fully for such change. Initials s SS Contractor s DC Owner 
 
 B This Change Order shall not constitute a full and final settlement and accord and satisfaction of all effects of the change reflected in this Change Order upon the Changed Criteria and shall not be deemed to compensate Contractor fully for such change. Initials ____ Contractor ____ Owner 
 
 Upon execution of this Change Order by Owner and Contractor, the above-referenced change shall become a valid and binding part of the original Agreement without exception or qualification, unless noted in this Change Order. Except as modified by this and any previously issued Change Orders, all other terms and conditions of the Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. This Change Order is executed by each of the Parties duly authorized representatives. 
 s David Craft s Steve Smith Owner Contractor David Craft Steve Smith Name Name SVP E&C Senior Project Manager & Principal Vice President Title Title November 18, 2022 Date of Signing Date of Signing 

CHANGE ORDER 
 
 MOORING SYSTEM LOW-TENSION COMMON ALARM 
 
 PROJECT NAME Sabine Pass LNG Stage 4 Liquefaction Facility 
 
 OWNER Sabine Pass Liquefaction, LLC 
 
 CONTRACTOR Bechtel Oil, Gas and Chemicals, Inc. 
 
 DATE OF AGREEMEN T November 7, 2018 
 CHANGE ORDER NUMBE R CO-00071 
 
 DATE OF CHANGE ORD ER 31-Oct-2022 

The Agreement between the Parties listed above is changed as follows 
 
 1. In accordance with Section 6.1 of the Agreement Change Orders Requested by Owner ), the Parties agree this Change Order includes Contractor s costs to provide the Procurement and Construction services to add a Low-Tension Common Alarm to the East, West and Third Berth jetties mooring systems. 
 
 2. The detailed cost breakdown for this Change Order is detailed in Exhibit A of this Change Order. 
 
 3. Schedule C-3 (Milestone Payment Schedule) of Attachment C of the Agreement will be amended by including the milestone(s) listed in Exhibit B of this Change Order. 
 
 Adjustment to Contract Price Applicable to Subproject 6(a) 
 1. The original Contract Price Applicable to Subproject 6(a) was 
 2,016,892,573 2. Net change for Contract Price Applicable to Subproject 6(a) by previously authorized Change Orders (#01-08, 10-13, 15, 17-18, 21-22, 24, 28-29, 31-32, 34-35, 38, 41-42, 45-49, 51, 53-58, 61, 68) 697,987 3. The Contract Price Applicable to Subproject 6(a) prior to this Change Order was 2,017,590,560 4. The Contract Price Applicable to Subproject 6(a) will be unchanged by this Change Order in the amount of 5. The Provisional Sum Applicable to Subproject 6(a) will be unchanged by this Change Order in the amount of 6. The Contract Price Applicable to Subproject 6(a) including this Change Order will be 2,017,590,560 
 
 Adjustment to Contract Price Applicable to Subproject 6(b) 
 7. The original Contract Price Applicable to Subproject 6(b) (in CO-00009) was 457,696,000 8. Net change for Contract Price Applicable to Subproject 6(b) by previously authorized Change Orders (#14, 16, 19-20, 23, 25-27, 30-31, 33, 36-37, 39-40, 43-44, 50, 52, 59-60, 62-70) 9,163,255 9. The Contract Price Applicable to Subproject 6(b) prior to this Change Order was 466,859,255 10. The Contract Price Applicable to Subproject 6(b) will be unchanged by this Change Order 71,174 11. The Provisional Sum Applicable to Subproject 6(b) will be changed by this Change Order 12. The Contract Price Applicable to Subproject 6(b) including this Change Order will be 466,930,429 
 
 Adjustment to Contract Price 
 13. The original Contract Price for Subproject 6(a) and Subproject 6(b) was (add lines 1 and 7) 2,474,588,573 14. The Contract Price prior to this Change Order was (add lines 3 and 9) 2,484,449,815 15. The Contract Price will be increased by this Change Order in the amount of (add lines 4, 5, 10 and 11) 71,174 16. The new Contract Price including this Change Order will be (add lines 14 and 15) 2,484,520,989 
 
 Adjustment to dates in Project Schedule for Subproject 6(a) 
 The following dates are modified N A 

Adjustment to other Changed Criteria for Subproject 6(a) N A 
 Adjustment to Payment Schedule for Subproject 6(a) N A 
 Adjustment to Minimum Acceptance Criteria for Subproject 6(a) N A 
 Adjustment to Performance Guarantees for Subproject 6(a) N A 
 Adjustment to Design Basis for Subproject 6(a) N A 
 Other adjustments to liability or obligations of Contractor or Owner under the Agreement for Subproject 6(a) N A 
 
 Adjustment to dates in Project Schedule for Subproject 6(b) 
 The following dates are modified N A This Work is performed post-Substantial Completion 
 
 Adjustment to other Changed Criteria for Subproject 6(b) N A This Work is performed post-Substantial Completion 
 
 Adjustment to Payment Schedule for Subproject 6(b) Yes see Exhibit B 
 
 Adjustment to Design Basis for Subproject 6(b) N A This Work is performed post-Substantial Completion 
 
 Other adjustments to liability or obligation of Contractor or Owner under the Agreement N A This Work is performed post-Substantial Completion 
 
 Select either A or B 
 
 A This Change Order shall constitute a full and final settlement and accord and satisfaction of all effects of the change reflected in this Change Order upon the Changed Criteria and shall be deemed to compensate Contractor fully for such change. Initials s SS Contractor s DC Owner 
 
 B This Change Order shall not constitute a full and final settlement and accord and satisfaction of all effects of the change reflected in this Change Order upon the Changed Criteria and shall not be deemed to compensate Contractor fully for such change. Initials ____ Contractor ____ Owner 
 
 Upon execution of this Change Order by Owner and Contractor, the above-referenced change shall become a valid and binding part of the original Agreement without exception or qualification, unless noted in this Change Order. Except as modified by this and any previously issued Change Orders, all other terms and conditions of the Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. This Change Order is executed by each of the Parties duly authorized representatives. 
 s David Craft s Steve Smith Owner Contractor David Craft Steve Smith Name Name SVP E&C Senior Project Manager & Principal Vice President Title Title November 18, 2022 Date of Signing Date of Signing 

CHANGE ORDER 
 
 FERC HYDROCARBON PERMIT CONDITIONS 
 
 PROJECT NAME Sabine Pass LNG Stage 4 Liquefaction Facility 
 
 OWNER Sabine Pass Liquefaction, LLC 
 
 CONTRACTOR Bechtel Oil, Gas and Chemicals, Inc. 
 
 DATE OF AGREEMENT November 7, 2018 
 CHANGE ORDER NUMBER CO-00072 
 
 DATE OF CHANGE ORDER 31-Oct-2022 

The Agreement between the Parties listed above is changed as follows 
 
 1. In accordance with Section 6.1 of the Agreement Change Orders Requested by Owner ), and as per the requirements stated in Owner correspondence SPL4-BE-C22-023 dated 02-Sep-2022, the Parties agree this Change Order includes Contractor s costs to provide the Engineering, Procurement, and Construction services for 
 a. A passive system designed to withstand a 20-minute fire exposure per UL 1709 for instrumented valves in Subproject 6(b) which activate emergency systems under Condition 79 and associated conditions 
 b. Flame detection covering a minimum of 90 of all areas by two or more detectors that contain flammable or combustible fluids, including the entire length of the marine transfer piping and valve platform, under Condition 64 and associated conditions 
 c. Replacement of sodium bicarbonate extinguishers with potassium bicarbonate extinguishers in areas where LNG is handled under Condition 73 and associated conditions and 
 d. Firewater hydrants or monitors for the entire length of the marine transfer piping, under Condition 80 and associated conditions. 
 
 2. The detailed cost breakdown for this Change Order is detailed in Exhibit A of this Change Order. 
 
 3. Schedule C-3 (Milestone Payment Schedule) of Attachment C of the Agreement will be amended by including the milestone(s) listed in Exhibit B of this Change Order. 
 Adjustment to Contract Price Applicable to Subproject 6(a) 1. The original Contract Price Applicable to Subproject 6(a) was 2,016,892,573 2. Net change for Contract Price Applicable to Subproject 6(a) by previously authorized Change Orders (#01-08, 10-13, 15, 17-18, 21-22, 24, 28-29, 31-32, 34-35, 38, 41-42, 45-49, 51, 53-58, 61, 68) 697,987 3. The Contract Price Applicable to Subproject 6(a) prior to this Change Order was 2,017,590,560 4. The Contract Price Applicable to Subproject 6(a) will be unchanged by this Change Order in the amount of 5. The Provisional Sum Applicable to Subproject 6(a) will be unchanged by this Change Order in the amount of 6. The Contract Price Applicable to Subproject 6(a) including this Change Order will be 2,017,590,560 Adjustment to Contract Price Applicable to Subproject 6(b) 7. The original Contract Price Applicable to Subproject 6(b) (in CO-00009) was 457,696,000 8. Net change for Contract Price Applicable to Subproject 6(b) by previously authorized Change Orders (#14, 16, 19-20, 23, 25-27, 30-31, 33, 36-37, 39-40, 43-44, 50, 52, 59-60, 62-71) 9,234,429 9. The Contract Price Applicable to Subproject 6(b) prior to this Change Order was 466,930,429 10. The Contract Price Applicable to Subproject 6(b) will be changed by this Change Order 1,308,101 11. The Provisional Sum Applicable to Subproject 6(b) will be unchanged by this Change Order 12. The Contract Price Applicable to Subproject 6(b) including this Change Order will be 468,238,530 Adjustment to Contract Price 13. The original Contract Price for Subproject 6(a) and Subproject 6(b) was (add lines 1 and 7) 2,474,588,573 14. The Contract Price prior to this Change Order was (add lines 3 and 9) 2,484,520,989 

15. The Contract Price will be increased by this Change Order in the amount of (add lines 4, 5, 10 and 11) 1,308,101 16. The new Contract Price including this Change Order will be (add lines 14 and 15) 2,485,829,090 

Adjustment to dates in Project Schedule for Subproject 6(a) 
 
 The following dates are modified N A 
 
 Adjustment to other Changed Criteria for Subproject 6(a) N A 
 Adjustment to Payment Schedule for Subproject 6(a) N A 
 Adjustment to Minimum Acceptance Criteria for Subproject 6(a) N A 
 Adjustment to Performance Guarantees for Subproject 6(a) N A 
 Adjustment to Design Basis for Subproject 6(a) N A 
 Other adjustments to liability or obligations of Contractor or Owner under the Agreement for Subproject 6(a) N A 

Adjustment to dates in Project Schedule for Subproject 6(b) 
 
 The following dates are modified N A - This Work is performed post-Substantial Completion 
 
 Adjustment to other Changed Criteria for Subproject 6(b) N A - This Work is performed post-Substantial Completion 
 
 Adjustment to Payment Schedule for Subproject 6(b) Yes see Exhibit B 
 
 Adjustment to Design Basis for Subproject 6(b) N A - This Work is performed post-Substantial Completion 
 
 Other adjustments to liability or obligation of Contractor or Owner under the Agreement N A - This Work is performed post-Substantial Completion 
 
 Select either A or B 
 
 A This Change Order shall constitute a full and final settlement and accord and satisfaction of all effects of the change reflected in this Change Order upon the Changed Criteria and shall be deemed to compensate Contractor fully for such change. Initials _SS_ Contractor ___ _ Owner 
 
 B This Change Order shall not constitute a full and final settlement and accord and satisfaction of all effects of the change reflected in this Change Order upon the Changed Criteria and shall not be deemed to compensate Contractor fully for such change. Initials Contractor Owner 

Upon execution of this Change Order by Owner and Contractor, the above-referenced change shall become a valid and binding part of the original Agreement without exception or qualification, unless noted in this Change Order. Except as modified by this and any previously issued Change Orders, all other terms and conditions of the Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. This Change Order is executed by each of the Parties duly authorized representatives. 
 
 s David Craft s Steve Smith Owner Contractor David Craft Steve Smith Name Name SVP E&C Senior Project Manager & Principal Vice President Title Title November 18, 2022 Date of Signing Date of Signing 

CHANGE ORDER 
 
 BN#2 BEACON PILE RELOCATION 
 
 PROJECT NAME Sabine Pass LNG Stage 4 Liquefaction Facility 
 
 OWNER Sabine Pass Liquefaction, LLC 
 
 CONTRACTOR Bechtel Oil, Gas and Chemicals, Inc. 
 
 DATE OF AGREEMENT November 7, 2018 
 CHANGE ORDER NUMBER CO-00073 
 
 DATE OF CHANGE ORDER 31-Oct-2022 

The Agreement between the Parties listed above is changed as follows 
 
 1. In accordance with Section 6.1 of the Agreement Change Orders Requested by Owner ), the Parties agree this Change Order includes Contractor s costs to relocate the Third Berth s Beacon Pile BN#2 to an adjacent location in accordance with direction from the Sabine Bank Pilots Association. Refer to Attachment 1 of this Change Order. 
 
 2. The detailed cost breakdown for this Change Order is detailed in Exhibit A of this Change Order. 
 
 3. Schedule C-3 (Milestone Payment Schedule) of Attachment C of the Agreement will be amended by including the milestone(s) listed in Exhibit B of this Change Order. 
 Adjustment to Contract Price Applicable to Subproject 6(a) 1. The original Contract Price Applicable to Subproject 6(a) was 2,016,892,573 2. Net change for Contract Price Applicable to Subproject 6(a) by previously authorized Change Orders (#01-08, 10-13, 15, 17-18, 21-22, 24, 28-29, 31-32, 34-35, 38, 41-42, 45-49, 51, 53-58, 61, 68) 697,987 3. The Contract Price Applicable to Subproject 6(a) prior to this Change Order was 2,017,590,560 4. The Contract Price Applicable to Subproject 6(a) will be unchanged by this Change Order in the amount of 5. The Provisional Sum Applicable to Subproject 6(a) will be unchanged by this Change Order in the amount of 6. The Contract Price Applicable to Subproject 6(a) including this Change Order will be 2,017,590,560 Adjustment to Contract Price Applicable to Subproject 6(b) 7. The original Contract Price Applicable to Subproject 6(b) (in CO-00009) was 457,696,000 8. Net change for Contract Price Applicable to Subproject 6(b) by previously authorized Change Orders (#14, 16, 19-20, 23, 25-27, 30-31, 33, 36-37, 39-40, 43-44, 50, 52, 59-60, 62-72) 10,542,530 9. The Contract Price Applicable to Subproject 6(b) prior to this Change Order was 468,238,530 10. The Contract Price Applicable to Subproject 6(b) will be changed by this Change Order 53,097 11. The Provisional Sum Applicable to Subproject 6(b) will be unchanged by this Change Order 12. The Contract Price Applicable to Subproject 6(b) including this Change Order will be 468,291,627 Adjustment to Contract Price 13. The original Contract Price for Subproject 6(a) and Subproject 6(b) was (add lines 1 and 7) 2,474,588,573 14. The Contract Price prior to this Change Order was (add lines 3 and 9) 2,485,829,090 15. The Contract Price will be increased by this Change Order in the amount of (add lines 4, 5, 10 and 11) 53,097 16. The new Contract Price including this Change Order will be (add lines 14 and 15) 2,485,882,187 

Adjustment to dates in Project Schedule for Subproject 6(a) 
 
 The following dates are modified N A 
 
 Adjustment to other Changed Criteria for Subproject 6(a) N A 

Adjustment to Payment Schedule for Subproject 6(a) N A 
 Adjustment to Minimum Acceptance Criteria for Subproject 6(a) N A 
 Adjustment to Performance Guarantees for Subproject 6(a) N A 
 Adjustment to Design Basis for Subproject 6(a) N A 
 Other adjustments to liability or obligations of Contractor or Owner under the Agreement for Subproject 6(a) N A 

Adjustment to dates in Project Schedule for Subproject 6(b) 
 
 The following dates are modified N A 
 
 Adjustment to other Changed Criteria for Subproject 6(b) N A 
 
 Adjustment to Payment Schedule for Subproject 6(b) Yes see Exhibit B 
 
 Adjustment to Design Basis for Subproject 6(b) N A 
 
 Other adjustments to liability or obligation of Contractor or Owner under the Agreement N A 
 
 Select either A or B 
 
 A This Change Order shall constitute a full and final settlement and accord and satisfaction of all effects of the change reflected in this Change Order upon the Changed Criteria and shall be deemed to compensate Contractor fully for such change. Initials s SS Contractor s DC Owner 
 
 B This Change Order shall not constitute a full and final settlement and accord and satisfaction of all effects of the change reflected in this Change Order upon the Changed Criteria and shall not be deemed to compensate Contractor fully for such change. Initials Contractor Owner 
 
 Upon execution of this Change Order by Owner and Contractor, the above-referenced change shall become a valid and binding part of the original Agreement without exception or qualification, unless noted in this Change Order. Except as modified by this and any previously issued Change Orders, all other terms and conditions of the Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. This Change Order is executed by each of the Parties duly authorized representatives. 
 s David Craft s Steve Smith Owner Contractor David Craft Steve Smith Name Name SVP E&C Senior Project Manager & Principal Vice President Title Title November 18, 2022 Date of Signing Date of Signing 

CHANGE ORDER 
 
 FERC CONDITION 56 ISA 84 GAS DETECTION 

PROJECT NAME Sabine Pass LNG Stage 4 Liquefaction Facility 
 
 OWNER Sabine Pass Liquefaction, LLC 
 
 CONTRACTOR Bechtel Oil, Gas and Chemicals, Inc. 
 
 DATE OF AGREEMEN T November 7, 2018 
 CHANGE ORDER NUMBE R CO-00074 
 
 DATE OF CHANGE ORD ER 31-Oct-2022 

The Agreement between the Parties listed above is changed as follows 
 
 1. In accordance with Section 6.1 of the Agreement Change Orders Requested by Owner ), the Parties agree this Change Order includes Contractor s costs to provide the Engineering, Procurement, and Construction services to comply with FERC Condition 56 referred in Aconex transmittal SPL4-E-EM-TRM-00217 Societal Risk from LNG Spills on Water ), that is, installing 11ea gas detectors to justify the 10-minute release duration assumed in the Quantitative Risk Assessment that was performed to address Condition 56. 
 
 2. The detailed cost breakdown for this Change Order is detailed in Exhibit A of this Change Order. 
 
 3. Schedule C-3 (Milestone Payment Schedule) of Attachment C of the Agreement will be amended by including the milestone(s) listed in Exhibit B of this Change Order. 
 
 Adjustment to Contract Price Applicable to Subproject 6(a) 
 1. The original Contract Price Applicable to Subproject 6(a) was 
 2,016,892,573 2. Net change for Contract Price Applicable to Subproject 6(a) by previously authorized Change Orders (#01-08, 10-13, 15, 17-18, 21-22, 24, 28-29, 31-32, 34-35, 38, 41-42, 45-49, 51, 53-58, 61, 68) 697,987 3. The Contract Price Applicable to Subproject 6(a) prior to this Change Order was 2,017,590,560 4. The Contract Price Applicable to Subproject 6(a) will be unchanged by this Change Order in the amount of 5. The Provisional Sum Applicable to Subproject 6(a) will be unchanged by this Change Order in the amount of 6. The Contract Price Applicable to Subproject 6(a) including this Change Order will be 2,017,590,560 
 
 Adjustment to Contract Price Applicable to Subproject 6(b) 
 7. The original Contract Price Applicable to Subproject 6(b) (in CO-00009) was 457,696,000 8. Net change for Contract Price Applicable to Subproject 6(b) by previously authorized Change Orders (#14, 16, 19-20, 23, 25-27, 30-31, 33, 36-37, 39-40, 43-44, 50, 52, 59-60, 62-73) 10,595,627 9. The Contract Price Applicable to Subproject 6(b) prior to this Change Order was 468,291,627 10. The Contract Price Applicable to Subproject 6(b) will be changed by this Change Order 443,977 11. The Provisional Sum Applicable to Subproject 6(b) will be unchanged by this Change Order 12. The Contract Price Applicable to Subproject 6(b) including this Change Order will be 468,735,604 
 
 Adjustment to Contract Price 
 13. The original Contract Price for Subproject 6(a) and Subproject 6(b) was (add lines 1 and 7) 2,474,588,573 14. The Contract Price prior to this Change Order was (add lines 3 and 9) 2,485,882,187 15. The Contract Price will be increased by this Change Order in the amount of (add lines 4, 5, 10 and 11) 443,977 16. The new Contract Price including this Change Order will be (add lines 14 and 15) 2,486,326,164 

Adjustment to dates in Project Schedule for Subproject 6(a) 
 The following dates are modified N A 
 Adjustment to other Changed Criteria for Subproject 6(a) N A 
 Adjustment to Payment Schedule for Subproject 6(a) N A 
 Adjustment to Minimum Acceptance Criteria for Subproject 6(a) N A 
 Adjustment to Performance Guarantees for Subproject 6(a) N A 
 Adjustment to Design Basis for Subproject 6(a) N A 
 Other adjustments to liability or obligations of Contractor or Owner under the Agreement for Subproject 6(a) N A 
 
 Adjustment to dates in Project Schedule for Subproject 6(b) 
 The following dates are modified N A 
 Adjustment to other Changed Criteria for Subproject 6(b) N A 
 Adjustment to Payment Schedule for Subproject 6(b) Yes see Exhibit B 
 Adjustment to Design Basis for Subproject 6(b) N A 
 Other adjustments to liability or obligation of Contractor or Owner under the Agreement N A 
 
 Select either A or B 
 
 A This Change Order shall constitute a full and final settlement and accord and satisfaction of all effects of the change reflected in this Change Order upon the Changed Criteria and shall be deemed to compensate Contractor fully for such change. Initials s SS Contractor s DC Owner 
 
 B This Change Order shall not constitute a full and final settlement and accord and satisfaction of all effects of the change reflected in this Change Order upon the Changed Criteria and shall not be deemed to compensate Contractor fully for such change. Initials ____ Contractor ____ Owner 
 
 Upon execution of this Change Order by Owner and Contractor, the above-referenced change shall become a valid and binding part of the original Agreement without exception or qualification, unless noted in this Change Order. Except as modified by this and any previously issued Change Orders, all other terms and conditions of the Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. This Change Order is executed by each of the Parties duly authorized representatives. 
 s David Craft s Steve Smith Owner Contractor David Craft Steve Smith Name Name SVP E&C Senior Project Manager & Principal Vice President Title Title November 18, 2022 Date of Signing Date of Signing 

</EX-10.44>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 exhibit211cqp2022form10k.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant as of December 31, 2022 
 
 Entity Name Jurisdiction of Incorporation Cheniere Creole Trail Pipeline, L.P. Delaware Cheniere Energy Investments, LLC Delaware Cheniere Pipeline GP Interests, LLC Delaware Sabine Pass Liquefaction, LLC Delaware Sabine Pass LNG-GP, LLC Delaware Sabine Pass LNG-LP, LLC Delaware Sabine Pass LNG, L.P. Delaware Sabine Pass Tug Services, LLC Delaware 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-22.1>
 4
 exhibit221cqp2022form10k.htm
 EX-22.1

Document 

Exhibit 22.1 
 
 Cheniere Energy Partners, L.P. 
 List of Issuers and Guarantor Subsidiaries 
 
 The following entities are guarantors of the 4.500 Senior Notes due 2029, 4.000 Senior Notes due 2031 and 3.250 Senior Notes due 2032 issued by Cheniere Energy Partners, L.P. 
 
 Entity Jurisdiction of Organization Role Cheniere Energy Partners, L.P. Delaware Issuer Cheniere Energy Investments, LLC Delaware Guarantor Sabine Pass LNG-GP, LLC Delaware Guarantor Sabine Pass LNG, L.P. Delaware Guarantor Sabine Pass Tug Services, LLC Delaware Guarantor Cheniere Pipeline GP Interests, LLC Delaware Guarantor Cheniere Creole Trail Pipeline, L.P. Delaware Guarantor 

</EX-22.1>

<EX-23.1>
 5
 exhibit231cqp2022form10k.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements (No. 333-151155) on Form S-8 and (Nos. 333-220017 and 333-219268) on Form S-3 of our reports dated February 22, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Cheniere Energy Partners, L.P. and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 s KPMG LLP KPMG LLP 
 
 Houston, Texas 
 February 22, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 exhibit311cqp2022form4thqtr.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION BY CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE EXCHANGE ACT 
 I, Jack A. Fusco, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Cheniere Energy Partners, L.P. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 22, 2023 
 s Jack A. Fusco Jack A. Fusco Chief Executive Officer of Cheniere Energy Partners GP, LLC, the general partner of Cheniere Energy Partners, L.P. 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 exhibit312cqp2022form4thqtr.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION BY CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE EXCHANGE ACT 
 I, Zach Davis, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Cheniere Energy Partners, L.P. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 22, 2023 
 s Zach Davis Zach Davis Chief Financial Officer of Cheniere Energy Partners GP, LLC, the general partner of Cheniere Energy Partners, L.P. 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 exhibit321cqp2022form4thqtr.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION BY CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the annual report of Cheniere Energy Partners, L.P. (the Partnership on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Jack A. Fusco, Chief Executive Officer of Cheniere Energy Partners GP, LLC, the general partner of the Partnership, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to my knowledge, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Partnership. 
 
 Date February 22, 2023 
 s Jack A. Fusco Jack A. Fusco Chief Executive Officer of Cheniere Energy Partners GP, LLC, the general partner of Cheniere Energy Partners, L.P. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 exhibit322cqp2022form4thqtr.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION BY CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the annual report of Cheniere Energy Partners, L.P. (the Partnership on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Zach Davis, Chief Financial Officer of Cheniere Energy Partners GP, LLC, the general partner of the Partnership, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to my knowledge, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Partnership. 
 
 Date February 22, 2023 
 s Zach Davis Zach Davis Chief Financial Officer of Cheniere Energy Partners GP, LLC, the general partner of Cheniere Energy Partners, L.P. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 cqp-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 cqp-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 cqp-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 cqp-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 cqp-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

