<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230316_10-K_edgar_data_879635_0000879635-23-000016.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>24656093</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>461676</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3215599</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>10703494</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>5252903</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4509492</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000879635-23-000016.hdr.sgml : 20230316
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230316125701
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000879635-23-000016
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		150
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230316
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230316

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MID PENN BANCORP INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000879635
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		IRS NUMBER:				251666413
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			PA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-13677
		FILM NUMBER:		23738075

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2407 PARK DRIVE
		CITY:			HARRISBURG
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			17110
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8666427736

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2407 PARK DRIVE
		CITY:			HARRISBURG
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			17110

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000879635-23-000016.txt : 20230316

10-K
 1
 mpb-20221231.htm
 10-K

mpb-20221231 
 
 Table of Contents 

 UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, DC 20549 
 FORM 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from ________to ________ 
 Commission file number 
 
 (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 
 (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 
 , 
 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code . 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered The Stock Market LLC 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None. 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes o x 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes o x 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See definition of "large accelerated filer", "accelerated filer", "smaller reporting company", and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer o x Emerging Growth Company Non-accelerated Filer o Smaller Reporting Company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes o No 
 The aggregate market value of the registrant s voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the closing price of the common equity of 26.97 per share, as reported by The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC ("NASDAQ"), on June. 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second quarter was approximately million. As of March 1, 2023, the registrant had shares of common stock outstanding, par value 1.00 per share. 
 Auditor Firm ID: Auditor Name: Auditor Location: 

Table of Contents 
 MID PENN BANCORP, INC. 

 FORM 10-K 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 PAGE PART I 
 Item 1 - 
 Business 
 3 
 Item 1A - 
 Risk Factors 
 14 
 Item 1B - 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 25 
 Item 2 - 
 Properties 
 25 
 Item 3 - 
 Legal Proceedings 
 25 
 Item 4 - 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 25 
 PART II 
 Item 5 - 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 25 
 Item 6 - 
 [Reserved] 
 27 
 Item 7 - 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 28 
 Item 7A - 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure s About Market Risk 
 46 
 Item 8 - 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 48 
 Item 9 - 
 Changes In and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 117 
 Item 9A - 
 Controls and Procedures 
 117 
 Item 9B - 
 Other Information 
 117 
 Item 9C - 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 117 
 PART III 
 Item 10 - 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 117 
 Item 11 - 
 Executive Compensation 
 117 
 Item 12 - 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters 
 118 
 Item 13 - 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 118 
 Item 14 - 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 118 
 PART IV 
 Item 15 - 
 Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 
 118 
 Item 16 - 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 121 
 Signatures 
 122 
 EXHIBITS 
 2 

Table of Contents 
 MID PENN BANCORP, INC. 

 PART I 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 The disclosures set forth in this Item are qualified by the section captioned "Special Cautionary Notice Regarding Forward-Looking Statements" contained in Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, and other cautionary statements set forth elsewhere in this report. 
 Mid Penn Bancorp, Inc. 
 Mid Penn Bancorp, Inc. is a financial holding company incorporated in August 1991 in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. Mid Penn Bancorp, Inc. and its wholly owned bank and nonbank subsidiaries are collectively referred to herein as "Mid Penn" or the "Corporation." On December 31, 1991, Mid Penn acquired, as part of the holding company formation, all of the outstanding common stock of Mid Penn Bank (the "Bank"), and the Bank became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Mid Penn. During the year ended December 31, 2020, Mid Penn established three nonbank subsidiaries, including MPB Financial Services, LLC, under which two additional nonbank subsidiaries have been established: (i) MPB Wealth Management, LLC, created to expand the wealth management function and services of the Corporation, and (ii) MPB Risk Services, LLC, created to fulfill the insurance needs of both existing and potential customers of the Corporation. During the year ended December 31, 2021, Mid Penn formed MPB Launchpad Fund I, LLC to hold certain financial holding company eligible investments. As of December 31, 2022, the accounts and activities of these nonbank subsidiaries were not material to warrant separate disclosure or segment reporting. Mid Penn s primary business is to supervise and coordinate the business of the Bank and its nonbank subsidiaries, and to provide them with the capital and resources to fulfill their respective missions. 
 Mid Penn s consolidated financial condition and results of operations consist almost entirely of that of the Bank, which is managed as a single business segment. At December 31, 2022, Mid Penn had total consolidated assets of 4.5 billion with total deposits of 3.8 billion and total shareholders equity of 512.1 million. The holding company and its nonbank subsidiaries currently do not own or lease any real property. The Bank owns or leases the banking offices as identified in Part I, Item 2. 
 Mid Penn Bank 
 Mid Penn Bank was organized in 1868 under a predecessor name, Millersburg Bank, and became a state-chartered bank in 1931. Millersburg Bank obtained trust powers in 1935, at which time its name was changed to Millersburg Trust Company. In 1971, Millersburg Trust Company adopted the name "Mid Penn Bank". Mid Penn s legal headquarters are located at 2407 Park Drive, Harrisburg, Pennsylvania 17110 and the Bank s legal headquarters are located at 349 Union Street, Millersburg, Pennsylvania 17061. 
 On March 1, 2015, in connection with the acquisition of Phoenix Bancorp, Inc. ("Phoenix") by Mid Penn, Phoenix s wholly-owned banking subsidiary, Miners Bank, was merged with and into the Bank, with the Bank being the surviving charter. 
 On January 8, 2018, Mid Penn completed its acquisition of The Scottdale Bank and Trust Company ("Scottdale") through the merger of Scottdale with and into the Bank (the "Scottdale Merger"). The Scottdale Merger resulted in the addition of five branches in Western Pennsylvania operating as "Scottdale Bank Trust, a Division of Mid Penn Bank". 
 On July 31, 2018, Mid Penn completed its acquisition of First Priority Financial Corp. ("First Priority") pursuant to which First Priority was merged with and into Mid Penn (the "First Priority Merger"), with Mid Penn being the surviving corporation in the First Priority Merger. As part of this acquisition, First Priority s banking subsidiary, First Priority Bank, was merged with and into the Bank. The First Priority Merger resulted in the addition of eight offices in Southeastern Pennsylvania operating as "First Priority Bank, a Division of Mid Penn Bank". 
 On November 30, 2021, Mid Penn completed its acquisition of Riverview Financial Corporation ("Riverview"), the holding company for Riverview Bank, through the merger of Riverview with and into Mid Penn (the "Riverview Acquisition"). In connection with the Riverview Acquisition , Riverview Bank was merged with and into the Bank, with the Bank as the surviving institution. The Riverview merger resulted in the addition of twenty-three community banking offices and three limited purpose offices across Western Pennsylvania. 
 3 

Table of Contents 
 MID PENN BANCORP, INC. 

 On December 20, 2022, Mid Penn entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger ("Merger Agreement") with Brunswick Bancorp ("Brunswick") pursuant to which Brunswick will merge with and into Mid Penn ("Merger"), with Mid Penn being the surviving corporation in the Merger. Upon consummation of the Merger, Brunswick Bank and Trust Company, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Brunswick, will be merged with and into the Bank ("Bank Merger"), with Mid Penn Bank being the surviving bank in the Bank Merger. The Merger Agreement was unanimously approved by the boards of directors of Mid Penn and Brunswick. See "Form 8-K filed on December 20, 2022," for additional details. 
 
 Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, shareholders of Brunswick will have the right to elect to receive, subject to adjustment and proration as described in the Merger Agreement, either (A) 0.598 shares of Mid Penn common stock or (B) Eighteen Dollars 18.00) for each share of Brunswick common stock they own. It is expected that the Merger will be completed in the second quarter of 2023. 
 On December 30, 2022, Mid Penn purchased the assets of Managing Partners, Inc. ("MPI Acquisition") in a business combination. Managing Partners, Inc. was an independent insurance agency that serviced the Central Pennsylvania area. 
 Additional information related to the recent acquisitions can be found in "Note 2 - Business Combinations", to the Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Part II, Item of this report. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Bank had 43 full-service retail banking locations in the Pennsylvania counties of Berks, Blair, Bucks, Centre, Chester, Clearfield, Cumberland, Dauphin, Fayette, Huntingdon, Lancaster, Lehigh, Luzerne, Lycoming, Montgomery, Northumberland, Perry, Schuylkill and Westmoreland. Mid Penn has no branches or offices located outside of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. On December 7, 2021, in connection with the Riverview Acquisition, and as part of a Retail Network Optimization Plan adopted by Mid Penn Bank s Board of Directors, the Corporation announced its intention to close sixteen of its retail locations throughout its expanded footprint. The branch closures occurred on or about March 4, 2022. As a result of this announcement, and in accordance with GAAP, Mid Penn had reclassified the assets associated with these retail locations to held for sale as of December 31, 2021. 
 Mid Penn s primary business consists of attracting deposits and loans from the Bank s network of community banking offices. The Bank engages in full-service commercial banking and trust business, making available to the community a wide range of financial services, including, but not limited to, mortgage and home equity loans, secured and unsecured commercial and consumer loans, lines of credit, construction financing, farm loans, community development and local government loans and various types of time and demand deposits. The Pennsylvania Department of Banking and Securities and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (the "FDIC") supervise the Bank. Deposits of the Bank are insured by the FDIC s Deposit Insurance Fund (the "DIF") to the maximum extent provided by law. In addition, the Bank provides a full range of trust and retail investment services. The Bank also offers other services such as online banking, telephone banking, cash management services, automated teller services and safe deposit boxes. 
 Business Strategy 
 The Bank provides services to commercial businesses and real estate investors, consumers, nonprofit organizations, and municipalities through its 43 full-service retail banking properties, one loan production office, one wealth management office, two corporate administrations office, and one operations facility, which are all based in Pennsylvania. Mid Penn s primary markets reflect a diversified manufacturing and services base across nineteen Pennsylvania counties, including having several offices in and around the state capital region of Harrisburg. The Bank emphasizes developing long-term customer relationships, maintaining high quality service, and providing prompt responses to customer needs. Mid Penn believes that local relationship building and its prudent approach to lending are important factors in the success and growth of Mid Penn. 
 Human Capital 
 The majority of employees of the Corporation are employed by the Bank, with a shared services agreement to support the operation of the holding company. As of December 31, 2022, the Bank had 580 full-time and 31 part-time employees. Additionally, Mid Penn s nonbank subsidiaries employed 10 full-time employees as of December 31, 2022. The Corporation and its employees are not subject to a collective bargaining agreement and the Corporation believes it enjoys good relations with its employees. 
 
 4 

Table of Contents 
 MID PENN BANCORP, INC. 

 Diversity Inclusion 
 The Corporation believes that a diverse and inclusive workforce fosters an environment where everyone can thrive and be successful. As of December 31, 2022 approximately 70 of our workforce is female. Bank leadership has seen the benefits of Employee Resource Groups ("ERG") within our organization. In 2022, Mid Penn formalized committee members on our Women s Leadership Network, Diversity, Equity and Inclusion ("DEI"), and our Culture Committees. Each group allows employees to come together based on a shared characteristics to address common challenges and to drive positive impact within the workforce. We have found that our Women s Leadership Network has provided a sense of belonging and camaraderie for our primarily female workforce. Our DEI group has laid the groundwork help to create a more diverse and inclusive workplace by promoting understanding, respect, and awareness of different cultures, backgrounds, and perspectives. Our Culture Committee has focused on contributing to a positive organizational culture by fostering open communication, collaboration, and a sense of community, this sense of community is important to Mid Penn as we continue to expand geographically. We have found that employees who belong to any of our ERGs are more engaged, are developing leadership skills, and are gaining new experiences through volunteer and networking opportunities. 
 Education and Development 
 We encourage and support the growth and development of our employees and, wherever possible, seek to fill positions by promotion within the organization. The education and development of our employees is a priority, and we continue to invest in tools, education programs, certifications and continuing education to help our employees build their knowledge, skills and experience. We provide in-house training to employees on topics including leadership and professional development, cybersecurity, risk, compliance and technology. 
 Benefits 
 On an ongoing basis, we further promote the health and wellness of our employees by strongly encouraging work-life balance. Our benefits package includes health care coverage, retirement benefits, life and disability insurance, tuition-reimbursement, parental leave, wellness programs, and paid time off. 
 Retention 
 Employee retention helps us operate efficiently and offers continuity to our customers and the community. We believe our concern for our employees well-being, supporting our employees career goals, offering competitive wages and providing valuable benefits aids in retention of our employees. 
 Community Involvement 
 The Bank is dedicated to supporting charitable community organizations through corporate donations, employee volunteerism and fundraising. In 2022, our employees demonstrated their commitment to our communities by personally giving more than 50 thousand to charitable organizations within Mid Penn s footprint through our Dress Down Friday program. 
 Lending Activities 
 The Bank offers a variety of loan products to its customers, including commercial real estate loans, residential real estate loans, commercial and industrial loans, and consumer loans. The Bank s primary lending objectives are as follows: 
 to establish relationships with creditworthy customers who exhibit positive historical repayment trends, stable cash flows and secondary sources of repayment from tangible collateral; 
 to establish a diversified loan portfolio; and 
 to provide a satisfactory return to Mid Penn s shareholders by properly pricing loans to include the cost of funds, administrative costs, bad debts, local economic conditions, competition, customer relationships, the term of the loan, credit risk, collateral quality and a reasonable profit margin. 
 Credit risk is managed through portfolio diversification, underwriting policies and procedures, and loan monitoring practices. Lenders are provided with detailed underwriting policies for all types of credit risks accepted by the Bank and must obtain appropriate internal approvals for credit extensions. The Bank also maintains strict documentation requirements and robust credit quality assurance practices in order to identify credit portfolio weaknesses as early as possible, so any exposures that are discovered might be mitigated or potential losses reduced. The Bank generally secures 
 5 

Table of Contents 
 MID PENN BANCORP, INC. 

 its loans with real estate, with such collateral values dependent and subject to change based on real estate market conditions within its market area. As of December 31, 2022, the Bank s highest concentration of credit is in commercial real estate. 
 Investment Activities 
 Mid Penn s securities portfolio is a source for both liquidity and interest earnings and serves to support pledging requirements on public funds deposits through investments in primarily higher-quality, fixed-income debt securities. Mid Penn does not have any significant non-governmental concentrations within its investment securities portfolio. 
 Mid Penn maintains both a held-to-maturity investment portfolio and an available-for-sale investment portfolio. Both portfolios are comprised primarily of lower-risk debt securities, including U.S. Treasury and U.S. government agencies, mortgage-backed U.S. government agencies, investment-grade municipal securities, and corporate bonds. The held-to-maturity portfolio was established to support the Bank s growth in public fund deposits, which may require pledging of investment securities. The investments in the held-to-maturity portfolio are recorded on the balance sheet at book value (amortized cost), while the available-for-sale securities are recorded on the balance sheet at fair value. These debt securities derive fair values relative to investments of the same type and credit profile with similar maturity dates. As the interest rate environment changes, Mid Penn s fair value of securities will change. This difference between the amortized cost and fair value of available-for-sale investment securities, or unrealized loss, amounted to 24.5 million as of December 31, 2022. On an after-tax basis, this unrealized loss on available-for-sale securities resulted in a reduction to shareholders equity, through the accumulated other comprehensive loss component, of 19.1 million. No investments in either the held-to-maturity portfolio or available-for-sale portfolio as of December 31, 2022 were deemed to have other-than-temporary-impairment. The majority of the investments are high quality United States and municipal securities that, if held to maturity, are expected to result in no realized loss to the Bank. 
 Deposits and Other Sources of Funds 
 The Bank primarily uses deposits and, to a lesser extent, wholesale borrowings to finance lending and investment activities. Wholesale borrowing sources include advances from the Federal Home Loan Bank of Pittsburgh (the "FHLB"), overnight borrowings from the Bank s other correspondent banking relationships, and advances from the Federal Reserve s Discount Window. 
 All borrowings, except for lines of credit with the Bank s correspondent banks, require collateral in the form of loans or securities. Collateral levels, therefore, limit the extent of borrowings and the available lines of credit extended by the Bank s creditors. As a result, generating and retaining retail deposits remains critical to the future funding and growth of the business. Deposit growth within the banking industry has been subject to strong competition from a variety of financial services companies. This competition may require financial institutions to adjust their product offerings and pricing to maintain and grow deposits. 
 Additionally, the safety of traditional bank deposit products has remained an attractive option during periods of market volatility. Mid Penn s ability to attract retail funds in the future will continue to be impacted by the public s appetite for the safety of insured or local investments versus the returns offered by alternative choices as part of their personal investment mix. 
 Competition 
 The financial services and banking business is highly competitive, and the profitability of Mid Penn depends principally upon the Corporation s ability to successfully compete in its market area. The Bank actively competes with other financial services companies for deposit, loan, trust and wealth management business. Competitors include other commercial banks, credit unions, savings banks, savings and loan associations, insurance companies, securities brokerage firms, finance companies, mutual funds, and product/service alternatives via the Internet. Financial institutions compete primarily on the quality of services rendered, interest rates on loans and deposits, service charges, the convenience of banking facilities, location and hours of operation and, in the case of loans to larger commercial borrowers, relative lending limits. 
 Many competitors are larger than the Corporation and have significantly greater financial resources, personnel and locations from which to conduct business. In addition, the Bank is subject to banking regulations while certain non-banking competitors may not be subject to similar regulations. For more information, see the "Supervision and Regulation" section below and Item 1A, "Risk Factors". 
 6 

Table of Contents 
 MID PENN BANCORP, INC. 

 Mid Penn has been able to compete effectively with other financial institutions by emphasizing customer-focused relationship management and services, convenient hours, efficient and friendly employees, a consultative sales approach, local decision making, and quality products. 
 Supervision and Regulation 
 General 
 Financial holding companies and banks are extensively regulated under both federal and state laws. The regulation and supervision of the Corporation and particularly the Bank are primarily focused on the protection of depositors, the DIF, and the monetary system, and do not prioritize shareholder interests. Enforcement actions that may be imposed by federal and state banking regulators include the imposition of a conservator or receiver, cease-and-desist orders and written agreements, the termination of insurance on deposits, the imposition of civil money penalties, and removal and prohibition orders. If a banking regulator takes any enforcement action, the value of an equity investment in Mid Penn could be substantially reduced or eliminated. As of December 31, 2022, the Corporation was not subject to any supervisory enforcement actions. 
 Federal and state banking laws contain numerous provisions affecting various aspects of the business and operations of Mid Penn and the Bank. Mid Penn is subject to, among others, the regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") and the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the "Federal Reserve"). The Bank is subject to, among others, the regulations of the Pennsylvania Department of Banking and Securities and the FDIC. The descriptions below of, and references to, applicable statutes and regulations are not intended to be complete lists or reflective of all applicable provisions or their effects on the Corporation. They are summaries of the more significant laws and regulations and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the complete provisions of such statutes and regulations. 
 Holding Company Regulation 
 Mid Penn is a registered financial holding company subject to supervision and regulation by the Federal Reserve. As such, it is subject to the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 ("BHCA") and many of the Federal Reserve s regulations promulgated thereunder. The Federal Reserve has broad enforcement powers over financial and bank holding companies, including the power to impose substantial fines and civil penalties. 
 The BHCA requires Mid Penn to file an annual report with the Federal Reserve regarding the holding company and its subsidiary bank. The Federal Reserve also conducts examinations of the holding company. The Bank is not a member of the Federal Reserve System; however, the Federal Reserve possesses cease-and-desist powers over financial and bank holding companies and their subsidiaries where actions would constitute an unsafe or unsound practice or violation of law. The Federal Reserve also makes policy that applies to the declaration and distribution of dividends by financial and bank holding companies. 
 The BHCA restricts a financial or bank holding company s ability to acquire control of additional banks. In addition, the BHCA restricts the activities in which financial or bank holding companies may engage directly or through nonbank subsidiaries. 
 Gramm-Leach-Bliley Financial Modernization Act 
 Under the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Financial Modernization Act ("GLB"), bank holding companies that meet certain management, capital, and Community Reinvestment Act standards, are permitted to elect to become financial holding companies. No prior regulatory approval will be required for a financial holding company to acquire a company, other than a bank or savings association, engaged in certain financial activities permitted under GLB. Activities cited by GLB as being financial in nature include: 
 securities underwriting, dealing and market making; 
 sponsoring mutual funds and investment companies; 
 insurance underwriting and agency; 
 merchant banking activities; and 
 activities that the Federal Reserve has determined by regulation to be closely related to banking. 
 7 

Table of Contents 
 MID PENN BANCORP, INC. 

 In addition to permitting financial holding companies entry into new lines of business, the law allows companies the freedom to streamline existing operations and to potentially reduce costs. The GLB may increase both opportunity and competition. 
 In December 2019, Mid Penn made the election to be treated as a financial holding company as its subsidiary bank was well capitalized under the FDIC Improvement Act s prompt corrective action provisions, the holding company and Bank were deemed by the regulators to be well managed, and the Bank had at least a satisfactory rating under the Community Reinvestment Act. The required filing supporting this election was a declaration that the bank holding company wished to become a financial holding company and met all applicable requirements. Mid Penn made the election given the Corporation s growth and the intended broadening spectrum of financial product and service offerings to potentially include, but not be limited to, insurance and wealth management services. 
 Bank Regulation 
 As a Pennsylvania-chartered, non-member bank, the Bank is subject to supervision, regulation and examination by both the Pennsylvania Department of Banking and Securities and the FDIC. The deposits of the Bank are insured by the FDIC to the maximum extent provided by law. The FDIC assesses deposit insurance premiums, the amount of which depends in part on both the asset size and the condition of the Bank. Moreover, the FDIC may terminate deposit insurance of the Bank under certain circumstances. The federal and state banking regulatory agencies have broad enforcement powers over depository institutions under their jurisdiction, including the power to terminate deposit insurance, to impose fines and other civil and criminal penalties, and to appoint a conservator or receiver if any of a number of conditions is met. In addition, the Bank is subject to a variety of local, state and federal laws that affect its operations. 
 Banking regulations affect a wide range of the Bank s activities and operations, including, but not limited to, permissible types and amounts of loans, investments and other activities, capital adequacy, branching, interest rates on loans, compensation standards, payment of dividends, various bank account and bank service disclosures, and the safety and soundness of banking practices. 
 Capital Requirements, Prompt Corrective Action and Basel III Capital Reforms 
 Under risk-based capital requirements for financial or bank holding companies, Mid Penn is required to maintain a minimum ratio of total capital to risk-weighted assets (including certain off-balance-sheet activities, such as standby letters of credit) of 10.5 . At least half of the total capital is to be composed of common equity, retained earnings and qualifying perpetual preferred stock, less goodwill ("Tier 1 Capital"). The remainder may consist of subordinated debt, non-qualifying preferred stock and a limited amount of the loan loss allowance ("Tier 2 Capital"). Combined, the Tier 1 Capital and Tier 2 Capital comprise regulatory "Total Capital". As of December 31, 2022, Mid Penn complied with these risk-based capital requirements. 
 In addition, the Federal Reserve has established minimum leverage ratio requirements for bank holding companies. These requirements provide for a minimum leverage ratio of Tier 1 Capital to adjusted average quarterly assets ("leverage ratio") equal to 3 for bank holding companies that meet certain specified criteria, including having the highest regulatory rating. All other bank holding companies will generally be required to maintain a leverage ratio of at least 4-5 . The requirements also provide that bank holding companies experiencing internal growth or making acquisitions will be expected to maintain strong capital positions substantially above the minimum supervisory levels without significant reliance on intangible assets. Furthermore, the requirements indicate that the Federal Reserve will continue to consider a "Tangible Tier 1 Leverage Ratio" (deducting all intangibles) in evaluating proposals for expansion or new activity. As of December 31, 2022, Mid Penn has met these leverage requirements, and the Federal Reserve has not advised Mid Penn of any specific minimum Tier 1 leverage ratio requirement. 
 The Bank is subject to similar capital requirements adopted by the FDIC, and as of December 31, 2022, the Bank s capital levels were sufficient to be considered "well-capitalized". The FDIC has not advised the Bank of any specific minimum leverage ratios. 
 The capital ratios of Mid Penn and the Bank are described in "Note 17 - Regulatory Matters" , within Item 8, Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, which are included herein. 
 8 

Table of Contents 
 MID PENN BANCORP, INC. 

 Banking regulators may further refine capital requirements applicable to banking organizations, including those discussed in the "Regulatory Capital Changes" section below. Changes to capital requirements could materially affect the profitability of Mid Penn or the fair value of Mid Penn stock. 
 In addition to the required minimum capital levels described above, federal law establishes a system of "prompt corrective actions" which federal banking agencies are required to take, and certain actions which they have discretion to take, based upon the capital category into which a federally regulated depository institution falls. Regulations set forth detailed procedures and criteria for implementing prompt corrective action in the case of any institution that is not adequately capitalized. Under the rules, an institution will be deemed to be "adequately capitalized" if it exceeds the minimum federal regulatory capital requirements. However, it will be deemed "undercapitalized" if it fails to meet the minimum capital requirements, "significantly undercapitalized" if it has a Total Risk-Based Capital ratio that is less than 6 , a Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital ratio that is less than 3 , or a leverage ratio that is less than 3 , and "critically undercapitalized" if the institution has a ratio of tangible equity to total assets that is equal to or less than 2 . 
 The prompt corrective action rules require an undercapitalized institution to file a written capital restoration plan, along with a performance guaranty by its holding company or a third party. In addition, an undercapitalized institution becomes subject to certain automatic restrictions including a prohibition on payment of dividends, a limitation on asset growth and expansion, in certain cases, a limitation on the payment of bonuses or raises to senior executive officers, and a prohibition on the payment of certain "management fees" to any "controlling person". Institutions that are classified as undercapitalized are also subject to certain additional supervisory actions, including increased reporting burdens and regulatory monitoring, a limitation on the institution s ability to make acquisitions, open new branch offices, or engage in new lines of business, obligations to raise additional capital, restrictions on transactions with affiliates, and restrictions on interest rates paid by the institution on deposits. In certain cases, bank regulatory agencies may require replacement of senior executive officers or directors, or sale of the institution to a willing purchaser. If an institution is deemed "critically undercapitalized" and continues in that category for four quarters, the statute requires, with certain limited exceptions, that the institution be placed in receivership. 
 Mid Penn and the Bank are subject to the Basel III Rules that are based upon the final framework of the Basel Committee for strengthening capital and liquidity regulation. Under the Basel III Rules, Mid Penn and the Bank apply the standardized approach in measuring risk weighted assets ("RWA") and regulatory capital. 
 Under the Basel III Rules, Mid Penn and the Bank are subject to the following minimum capital ratios: 
 Common equity tier 1 capital ("CET1")to risk-weighted assets of 4.5 
 Tier 1 capital to RWA of 6.0 
 Total capital to RWA of 8.0 
 Leverage ratio of 4.0 
 The Basel III Rules also included a "capital conservation buffer" of 2.5 , composed entirely of CET1, in addition to the minimum capital to RWA ratios outlined above, resulting in effective minimum common equity tier 1, Tier 1 and total capital ratios of 7.0 , 8.5 and 10.5 , respectively. The capital conservation buffer is designed to absorb losses during periods of economic stress. Banking institutions with a capital ratio above the minimum, but below the conservation buffer, will face restrictions on dividends, equity repurchases, and executive compensation based on the amount of the shortfall and the institution's "eligible retained income" (that is, four quarter trailing net income, net of distributions and tax effects not reflected in net income). As of December 31, 2022, the Corporation and the Bank exceeded the minimum capital requirements, including the capital conservation buffer, as prescribed in the Basel III Rules. 
 The Basel III Rules provide for a number of required deductions from and adjustments to CET1. These deductions and adjustments include, for example, goodwill, other intangible assets, and deferred tax assets ("DTAs") that arise from net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards net of any related valuation allowance. MSRs, DTAs arising from temporary differences that could not be realized through net operating loss carrybacks and investments in non-consolidated financial institutions must also be deducted from CET1 to the extent that they exceed certain thresholds. Through subsequent rulemaking, the federal banking agencies provided certain forms of relief to banking organizations, such as Mid Penn and the Bank, that are not subject to the advanced approaches framework. Mid Penn and the Bank made a one-time, permanent election under the Basel III Rules to exclude the effects of certain components of accumulated ("AOCI") included in shareholders' equity under generally accepted accounting principals in the United States ("GAAP") in determining regulatory capital ratios. 
 
 9 

Table of Contents 
 MID PENN BANCORP, INC. 

 Under the Basel III Rules, certain off-balance sheet commitments and obligations are converted into RWA, that together with on-balance sheet assets, are the base against which regulatory capital is measured. The Basel III Rules defined the risk-weighting categories for bank holding companies and banks that follow the standardized approach, such as Mid Penn and the Bank, based on a risk-sensitive analysis, depending on the nature of the exposure. 
 
 The Capital Simplifications Rules eliminated the standalone prior approval requirement in the Basel III Rules for any repurchase of common stock. In certain circumstances, repurchases of our common stock may be subject to a prior approval or notice requirement under other regulations or policies of the Federal Reserve. Any redemption or repurchase of preferred stock or subordinated debt remains subject to the prior approval of the Federal Reserve. 
 Safety and Soundness Standards 
 The federal banking regulatory agencies have adopted a set of guidelines prescribing safety and soundness standards for depository institutions such as the Bank. The guidelines establish general standards relating to management practices, internal controls and information systems, internal audit systems, loan documentation, credit underwriting, interest rate exposure, asset growth, asset quality, liquidity, capital, earnings, compensation, fees and benefits. In general, the guidelines require, among other things, appropriate systems and practices to identify and manage the risks and exposures specified in the guidelines. The guidelines prohibit excessive compensation as an unsafe and unsound practice and describe compensation as excessive when the amounts paid are unreasonable or disproportionate to the services performed by an executive officer, employee, director or principal shareholder. 
 In addition, the agencies adopted regulations that authorize an agency to order an institution that has been given notice by an agency that it is not satisfying any of such safety and soundness standards to submit a compliance plan. If an institution is not satisfying certain safety and soundness standards and fails to submit to the banking regulatory agency an acceptable compliance plan or fails to implement an accepted plan, the agency may issue an order directing action to correct the deficiency and may issue an order directing other actions be taken, including restricting asset growth, restricting interest rates paid on deposits, restricting dividend payments to shareholders, and requiring an increase in the institution s ratio of tangible equity to assets. For the periods reported in this Form 10-K and in the period subsequent to December 31, 2022, up to the date of the filing of this Form 10-K, Mid Penn was not subject to any such bank regulatory orders. 
 Payment of Dividends and Other Restrictions 
 Mid Penn s holding company is a legal entity separate and distinct from its wholly-owned Bank subsidiary. There are various legal and regulatory limitations on the extent to which the Bank can, among other things, finance, or otherwise supply funds to the holding company. Specifically, dividends from the Bank are the principal source of the holding company s cash funds, and there are certain legal restrictions under Pennsylvania law and Pennsylvania banking regulations on the payment of dividends by state-chartered banks. The relevant regulatory agencies also have authority to prohibit Mid Penn and the Bank from engaging in what, in the opinion of such regulatory body, constitutes an unsafe or unsound banking practice. Depending upon the financial condition of the holding company and the Bank, the payment of dividends could be deemed by a regulatory agency to constitute such an unsafe or unsound practice. The holding company and the Bank were not subject to any such dividend prohibitions during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. 
 Deposit Insurance 
 The FDIC insures deposits of the Bank through the DIF. The FDIC maintains the DIF by assessing depository institutions an insurance premium. The amount each institution is assessed is based upon a variety of factors that include the level of assets and tangible equity, and the condition of the Bank (the degree of risk the institution poses to the insurance fund). The FDIC insures deposits up to 250,000. The Bank pays an insurance premium into the DIF based on a regulatory defined assessment calculation. The FDIC uses a risk-based premium system that assesses higher rates on those institutions that pose greater risks to the DIF. The FDIC places each institution in one of four risk categories using a two-step process based first on capital ratios (the capital group assignment) and then on other relevant information (the supervisory group assignment). Subsequently, the rate for each institution within a risk category may be adjusted depending upon different factors that either enhance or reduce the risk the institution poses to the DIF, including the unsecured debt, secured liabilities and brokered deposits related to each institution. Finally, certain risk multipliers may be applied to the adjusted assessment. 
 10 

Table of Contents 
 MID PENN BANCORP, INC. 

 Beginning with the second quarter of 2011 and as applicable continuously through to the current period, as mandated by the Dodd-Frank Act, the assessment base that the FDIC uses to calculate assessment premiums is the Bank s average assets minus average tangible equity. As the asset base of the banking industry is larger than the deposit base, the range of assessment rates is a low of 2.5 bp and a high of 45 bp, per 100 of assets. 
 The FDIC is required under the Dodd-Frank Act to establish assessment rates that will allow the DIF to achieve a reserve ratio of 1.35 of Insurance Fund insured deposits by September 2020. In addition, the FDIC has established a "designated reserve ratio" of 2 , a target ratio that, until it is achieved, will not likely result in the FDIC reducing assessment rates. In attempting to achieve the mandated 1.35 ratio, the FDIC is required to implement assessment formulas that charge banks over 10 billion in asset size more than banks under that size. These new formulas did not affect the Bank as it was less than 10 billion in total assets size. 
 During the third quarter of 2019, Mid Penn received notification from the FDIC that the FDIC s Deposit Insurance Fund reserve ratio met a threshold resulting in the FDIC providing the Bank with a 492,000 credit, which was applied to the deposit insurance assessments for both the second and third quarters of 2019. 
 Consumer Protection Laws 
 A number of laws govern the relationship between the Bank and its customers. For example, the Community Reinvestment Act is designed to encourage services, investments, and lending activities in low- and moderate-income areas. The Home Mortgage Disclosure Act and the Equal Credit Opportunity Act attempt to minimize lending decisions based on impermissible criteria, such as race or gender. The Truth-in-Lending Act and the Truth-in-Savings Act require banks to provide certain disclosure of relevant terms related to loans and savings accounts, respectively. Anti-tying restrictions (which prohibit conditioning the availability or terms of credit on the purchase of another banking product) further restrict the Bank s relationships with its customers. The Bank maintains a comprehensive compliance management program to promote its compliance with these and other applicable consumer protection laws and regulations. 
 Privacy Laws 
 The federal banking regulators have issued a number of regulations governing the privacy of consumer financial and customer information. The regulations limit the disclosure by financial institutions, such as the Corporation and Bank, of nonpublic personal information about individuals who obtain financial products or services for personal, family, or household purposes. Subject to certain exceptions allowed by law, the regulations cover information sharing between financial institutions and nonaffiliated third parties. More specifically, the regulations require financial institutions to provide: 
 initial notices to customers about their privacy policies, describing the conditions under which they may disclose nonpublic personal financial information to nonaffiliated third parties and affiliates; 
 annual notices of their privacy policies to their current customers; and 
 a reasonable method for consumers to "opt out" of disclosures to nonaffiliated third parties. 
 Affiliate Transactions 
 Transactions between the Bank and the Corporation, and/or its nonbank subsidiary affiliates are governed by Sections 23A and 23B of the Federal Reserve Act. An "affiliate" of a bank or savings institution is any company or entity that controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with the bank or savings institution. Generally, a subsidiary of a depository institution that is not also a depository institution is not treated as an affiliate of the bank for purposes of Sections 23A and 23B. Sections 23A and 23B are intended to protect insured depository institutions from suffering losses arising from transactions with non-insured affiliates, by limiting the extent to which a bank or its subsidiaries may engage in covered transactions with any one affiliate and with all affiliates of the bank in the aggregate, and requiring that such transactions be on terms that are consistent with safe and sound banking practices. 
 The USA Patriot Act, Anti-Money Laundering and Anti-Terrorism Financing 
 The Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 ("USA Patriot Act") broadened the application of anti-money laundering regulations to apply to additional types of financial institutions, such as broker-dealers, and strengthened the ability of the U.S. government to detect and prosecute international money laundering and the financing of terrorism. Under Title III of the USA Patriot Act, also known as the 
 11 

Table of Contents 
 MID PENN BANCORP, INC. 

 International Money Laundering Abatement and Anti-Terrorism Financing Act of 2001, all financial institutions, including Mid Penn and the Bank, are required in general to identify their customers, adopt formal and comprehensive anti-money laundering programs, scrutinize or prohibit altogether certain transactions of special concern, and be prepared to respond to inquiries from U.S. law enforcement agencies concerning their customers and their transactions. The principal provisions of Title III of the USA Patriot Act require that regulated financial institutions, including state-chartered banks: 
 establish an anti-money laundering program that includes training and audit components; 
 comply with regulations regarding the verification of the identity of any person seeking to open an account; 
 take additional required precautions with non-U.S. owned accounts; and 
 perform certain verification and certification of money laundering risk for their foreign correspondent banking relationships. 
 Additional information-sharing among financial institutions, regulators, and law enforcement authorities is encouraged for financial institutions that comply with this provision and the authorization of the Secretary of the Treasury to adopt rules to further encourage cooperation and information-sharing. 
 The USA Patriot Act also expanded the conditions under which funds in a U.S. interbank account may be subject to forfeiture and increased the penalties for violation of anti-money laundering regulations. Failure of a financial institution to comply with the USA Patriot Act s requirements could have serious legal and reputational consequences for the institution. The effectiveness of a financial institution in combating money-laundering activities is a factor to be considered in any application submitted by the financial institution under the Bank Merger Act, which applies to the Bank. 
 The Bank has adopted policies, procedures and controls to address compliance with the requirements of the USA Patriot Act under the existing regulations and will continue to revise and update its policies, procedures and controls to reflect changes required by the USA Patriot Act and implementing regulations. 
 JOBS Act 
 In 2012, the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act (the "JOBS Act") became law. The JOBS Act is aimed at facilitating capital raising by smaller companies, banks, and bank holding companies. Certain changes implemented by the JOBS Act that impacted Mid Penn included (i) raising the threshold requiring registration under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the "Exchange Act") for banks and bank holdings companies from 500 to 2,000 holders of record, and (ii) raising the threshold for triggering deregistration under the Exchange Act for banks and bank holding companies from 300 to 1,200 holders of record. 
 Dodd-Frank Act 
 The Dodd-Frank Act, which became law in July 2010, significantly changed regulation of financial institutions and the financial services industry. Dodd-Frank created a Financial Services Oversight Council to identify emerging systemic risks and improve interagency cooperation, and centralized responsibility for consumer financial protection by creating a new agency, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, which is responsible for implementing, examining and enforcing compliance with federal consumer financial laws. Dodd-Frank also permanently raised the current standard maximum deposit insurance amount to 250,000, established strengthened capital standards for banks, disallowed certain trust preferred securities from qualifying as Tier 1 Capital (subject to certain grandfather provisions for existing trust preferred securities), established new minimum mortgage underwriting standards, granted the Federal Reserve the power to regulate debit card interchange fees, and implemented corporate governance changes. 
 Effects of Government Policy and Potential Changes in Regulation 
 Changes in regulations applicable to the Corporation, the Bank, or its nonbank subsidiaries, or shifts in monetary or other government policies, could have a material effect on our business. The Corporation s business is also affected by the state of the financial services industry in general. As a result of legal, economic, and competitive changes, management believes that the Corporation and the financial services industry will continue to experience an increased rate of change from both the opportunities and competitive challenges resulting from greater product and service offerings, technological advancements, and business combinations. 
 12 

Table of Contents 
 MID PENN BANCORP, INC. 

 From time to time, legislation is enacted that has the effect of increasing the compliance and operations requirements and the cost of doing business, changing the tax structure applicable to Mid Penn, limiting or expanding permissible activities, or affecting the competitive balance between banks and other financial institutions. Proposals to change the laws and regulations governing the operations and taxation of banks, bank holding companies and other financial institutions are frequently made in Congress and the various bank regulatory agencies. Mid Penn cannot predict the likelihood of any major changes or the impact such changes might have on Mid Penn, the Bank, or the nonbank subsidiaries. Congressional bills and other proposals could result in additional significant changes to the financial services and banking system, including, but not limited to, provisions for limitations on deposit insurance coverage, changing the timing and method financial institutions use to pay for deposit insurance, expanding the power of banks by removing the restrictions on bank underwriting activities, changing the regulation of bank derivatives activities, and allowing commercial enterprises to own banks. As a consequence of the extensive regulation of commercial banking activities in the United States, the Bank s business is particularly susceptible to being affected by federal legislation and regulations that may increase the costs of doing business or change the Corporation s competitive landscape. Whether any future legislation will be enacted or additional regulations will be adopted, and how they might impact Mid Penn, cannot be determined at this time. 
 Mid Penn s earnings are, and will be affected by, domestic economic conditions and the monetary and fiscal policies of the United States government and its agencies. The monetary policies of the Federal Reserve have had, and will likely continue to have, an impact on the operating results of commercial banks because of the Federal Reserve s power to implement national monetary policy to, among other things, promote employment, control inflation or combat recession. The Federal Reserve has a major impact on the loan and deposit rates offered by the Bank and its competitors, and on the levels of bank loans, investments and deposits, through its open market operations in United States government securities and through its regulation of, among other things, the discount rate on borrowings of member banks and the reserve requirements against member bank deposits. It is not possible to reasonably predict the nature, amount, frequency, and impact of future changes in monetary and fiscal policies. 
 Environmental Laws 
 Management does not anticipate that compliance with environmental laws and regulations will have any material effect on Mid Penn s capital, expenditures, earnings, or competitive position. However, environmentally-related hazards have become a source of high risk and liability for some financial institutions. 
 Additionally, the Pennsylvania Economic Development Agency, Fiduciary and Lender Environmental Liability Protection Act provides, among other things, protection to lenders from environmental liability and remediation costs under the environmental laws for releases and contamination caused by others. A lender who engages in activities involved in the routine practices of commercial lending, including, but not limited to, the providing of financial services, holding of security interests, workout practices, foreclosure or the recovery of funds from the sale of property shall not be liable under the environmental acts or common law equivalents to the Pennsylvania Department of Environmental Resources or to any other person by virtue of the fact that the lender engages in such commercial lending practice. A lender, however, will be liable if it, its employees or agents, directly cause an immediate release or directly exacerbate a release of a regulated substance on or from the property, or knew and willfully compelled the borrower to commit an action which caused such release or to violate an environmental act. The Pennsylvania Economic Development Agency, Fiduciary and Lender Environmental Liability Protection Act does not limit federal liability, which still exists under certain circumstances. 
 Corporate Governance 
 The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 ("SOX") and related rules and regulations adopted by the SEC and NASDAQ addressed the following issues: corporate governance, auditor independence and accounting standards, executive compensation, insider loans, whistleblower protection, and enhanced and timely disclosure of corporate information. Mid Penn has established policies, procedures, and systems designed to promote compliance with these regulations. Section 404 of SOX requires publicly held companies to document, test and certify that their internal control systems over financial reporting are effective. Effective for year-end financial reports beginning with December 31, 2017, Mid Penn is subject to the independent attestation requirement under Section 404 of the SOX. The Bank remains subject to independent auditor attestation under FDIC regulation 363.3(b), which is a similar independent attestation requirement at the Bank level. 
 Available Information 
 Mid Penn s common stock is registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act and is traded on NASDAQ under the trading symbol MPB. Mid Penn is subject to the informational requirements of the Exchange Act, and, accordingly, files 
 13 

Table of Contents 
 MID PENN BANCORP, INC. 

 reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. Mid Penn is an electronic filer with the SEC. The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. The SEC s Internet site address is www.sec.gov. 
 Mid Penn s headquarters are located at 2407 Park Drive, Harrisburg, Pennsylvania 17110, and its telephone number is 1-866-642-7736. Mid Penn s website is midpennbank.com and Mid Penn makes available through its website, free of charge, its annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports as soon as reasonably possible after filing with the SEC. Mid Penn has adopted a Code of Ethics that applies to all employees and this document is also available on Mid Penn s website. The information included on our website is not considered a part of this document. 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 Before investing in Mid Penn common stock, an investor should carefully read and consider the risk factors described below, which are not intended to be all inclusive, and to review other information contained in this report and in our other filings with the SEC. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones facing Mid Penn s holding company, the Bank, and nonbank subsidiaries. Additional risks and uncertainties that we are not aware of, or that we currently deem less significant, or that we are otherwise not specifically focused on, may also impact our business, results of operations, and our common stock. If any of these known or unknown risks or uncertainties actually occurs, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. If this were to happen, the market price of our common stock could decline significantly, and an investor could lose all or part of his or her investment in Mid Penn. 
 Unless the context otherwise requires, references to "we," "us," "our," "Mid Penn," or "Mid Penn Bancorp, Inc.," collectively refer to Mid Penn Bancorp, Inc. and its subsidiaries, and specific references to the "Bank" refer to Mid Penn Bank, the wholly owned banking subsidiary of Mid Penn Bancorp, Inc. 
 Risks Related to Our Primary Business and Industry 
 Mid Penn is subject to interest rate risk. 
 
 Mid Penn s earnings and cash flows are largely dependent upon the Bank s net interest income. Net interest income is the difference between interest income earned on interest-earning assets such as loans and securities, and interest expense paid on interest-bearing liabilities such as deposits and borrowed funds. Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors that are beyond Mid Penn s control, including general economic conditions and policies of various governmental and regulatory agencies and, in particular, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the "Federal Reserve"). Changes in monetary policy, including changes in interest rates, could influence not only the interest income the Bank receives on loans and securities and the amount of interest expense it pays on deposits and borrowings, but such changes could also affect (i) the Bank s ability to originate loans and obtain deposits, (ii) the fair value of financial assets and liabilities, and (iii) the average duration of mortgage-backed securities in the Bank s investment portfolio. If the interest rates paid on deposits and other borrowings increase at a faster rate than the interest rates received on loans and other investments, Mid Penn s net interest income, and therefore earnings, could be adversely affected. Earnings could also be adversely affected if the interest rates received on loans and investments fall more quickly than the interest rates paid on deposits and borrowings. Mid Penn may be subject to a greater risk of rising interest rates due to the current period of rising interest rates and high inflation. The Federal Reserve aggressively raised interest rates in 2022 to curb inflation, which is likely to drive down the prices of income or dividend-paying securities. The risk that interest rates may continue to rise is pronounced. 
 
 Management believes it has implemented effective asset and liability management strategies and interest rate risk management activities to reduce the potential effects of changes in interest rates on Mid Penn s results of operations. Any substantial, unexpected, prolonged, or rapid change in market interest rates could have a material adverse effect on the Bank s net interest income and Mid Penn s financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Mid Penn is subject to credit risk. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, approximately 88 of the Bank s loan portfolio consisted of commercial real estate, commercial and industrial, and agricultural loans. These types of loans are generally viewed as having more risk of default than residential real estate loans or secured consumer loans. Commercial loans are also typically larger than residential real estate loans and consumer loans. Because the loan portfolio contains a significant number of commercial and industrial loans, and construction and commercial real estate loans with relatively large balances, the deterioration of one or a few of 
 14 

Table of Contents 
 MID PENN BANCORP, INC. 

 these loans could cause a significant increase in non-performing loans. In addition, Mid Penn s credit risk may be exacerbated when the collateral held by Mid Penn cannot be readily realized or liquidated at prices sufficient to recover the full amount of the credit or derivative exposure due to Mid Penn. An increase in non-performing loans or collateral value deficiencies could result in a net loss of earnings from these loans, an increase in the provision for possible loan losses and an increase in loan charge-offs, all of which could have a material adverse effect on Mid Penn s financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 The allowance for loan losses may be not be sufficient to cover actual loan losses. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, Mid Penn maintains an allowance for loan losses, which is a reserve established that represents management s best estimate of probable losses that have been incurred within the existing portfolio of loans. The allowance, in the judgment of management, is necessary to reserve for estimated loan losses and risks inherent in the loan portfolio. The level of the allowance reflects management s continuing evaluation of industry concentrations; specific credit risks; loan loss experience; current loan portfolio quality; changes in present economic, political and regulatory conditions; other external factors such as the ongoing pandemic; and unidentified losses inherent in the current loan portfolio. The determination of the appropriate level of the allowance for possible loan losses inherently involves a high degree of subjectivity and requires Mid Penn to make significant estimates of current credit risks and future trends, all of which may undergo material changes. Changes in economic conditions affecting borrowers, the impact of the ongoing pandemic, new information regarding existing loans, identification of additional problem credits and other factors, both within and outside of Mid Penn s control, impact the determination of the allowance. In addition, bank regulatory agencies periodically review Mid Penn s allowance for possible loan losses and may require an increase in the provision for possible loan losses or the recognition of further loan charge-offs, based on judgments different than those of management. 
 
 In the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis, the Financial Accounting Standards Board determined to review how banks estimate losses in the allowance calculation, and it issued the final current expected credit loss standard CECL in June 2016. For Mid Penn, the current allowance model will be replaced by the new CECL model effective for the first interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2022. Under the new CECL model, financial institutions will be required to use historical information, current conditions and reasonable forecasts to estimate the expected loss over the life of the loan. The transition to the CECL model will bring with it significantly greater data requirements and changes to methodologies to accurately account for expected losses under the new parameters, b ased on current estimates, management estimates that this increase will be no greater than 200 of the total credit loss reserve as of December 31, 2022. This estimate is subject to change based on continuing refinement and validation of the model and methodologies. at adoption date. Any increase in the allowance resulting from future charge-offs or the transition from the current allowance for loan loss model to the CECL model will result in a decrease in net income and, possibly, capital, and may have a material adverse effect on Mid Penn s financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Competition from other financial institutions may adversely affect Mid Penn s and the Bank s profitability. 
 
 Mid Penn s banking subsidiary faces substantial competition in originating both commercial and consumer loans. This competition comes principally from other banks, credit unions, savings institutions, mortgage banking companies and other lenders. Many of its larger competitors who offer loans enjoy advantages over the Bank, including greater financial resources and higher lending limits, a wider geographic presence, more accessible branch office locations, the ability to offer a wider array of services or more favorable pricing alternatives, as well as lower origination and operating costs. This competition could reduce Mid Penn s net income by decreasing the number and size of loans that its banking subsidiary originates and the interest rates it may charge on these loans. 
 
 In attracting business and consumer deposits, the Bank faces substantial competition from other insured depository institutions such as other commercial banks, savings institutions and credit unions, as well as institutions offering uninsured investment alternatives, including money market funds. Many of Mid Penn s larger competitors who accept deposits also enjoy advantages over the Bank, including greater financial resources, more aggressive marketing campaigns, better brand recognition, and more convenient branch locations. These competitors may offer higher interest rates than Mid Penn, which could decrease the deposits that the Bank attracts or require an increase in rates and interest expense to retain existing deposits or attract new deposits. Increased deposit competition could adversely affect Mid Penn s ability to generate the funds necessary for lending operations. As a result, Mid Penn may need to seek other sources of funds that may be more expensive to obtain and could increase its cost of funds. 
 
 Mid Penn s banking subsidiary and nonbank subsidiaries also compete with non-banking providers of financial services, such as brokerage firms, consumer finance companies, credit unions, insurance agencies and governmental organizations, which may offer more favorable terms. Some of its non-banking competitors are not subject to the same extensive and costly regulations that govern Mid Penn s operations. As a result, such non-banking competitors may have advantages over Mid Penn s banking subsidiary and nonbank subsidiaries in providing certain products and services. This competition may 
 15 

Table of Contents 
 MID PENN BANCORP, INC. 

 reduce or limit Mid Penn s margins on banking services, revenues from nonbanking subsidiaries activities, reduce its market share and adversely affect its earnings and financial condition. 
 
 The discontinuance of LIBOR presents risks to the financial instruments originated, held or serviced by Mid Penn that use LIBOR as a reference rate. 
 
 The London Interbank Offered Rate ("LIBOR") and certain other "benchmarks" are the subject of recent national, international, and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past or have other consequences, which cannot be predicted. On July 27, 2017, the United Kingdom s Financial Conduct Authority ("FCA"), which regulates LIBOR, publicly announced that it intends to stop persuading or compelling banks to submit LIBOR rates after 2021. Since then, regulators, industry groups and certain committees (e.g., the Alternative Reference Rates Committee) have, among other things, published recommended fall-back language for LIBOR-linked financial instruments, identified recommended alternatives for certain LIBOR rates (e.g., the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") as the recommended alternative to U.S. Dollar LIBOR), and proposed implementations of the recommended alternatives in floating rate instruments. 
 
 As announced on March 5, 2021, the administrator of LIBOR ceased publishing most non-USD LIBOR settings beginning on January 1, 2022 and Mid Penn currently anticipates that it will cease to publish the overnight, one-month, three-month, six-month and 12-month USD LIBOR settings on July 1, 2023. 
 
 Currently, SOFR is the alternative reference rate replacing LIBOR for most types of transactions. SOFR is viewed as a "riskless rate" as it is derived from rates on overnight U.S. Treasury repurchase transactions, which are essentially overnight loans secured by U.S. Treasury securities, and are largely viewed as not presenting credit risk. The BSBY is another alternative reference rate that is in use primarily in the loan market. BSBY is intended to reflect large banks marginal wholesale cost of funds and is a credit-sensitive rate with a forward-looking term structure. 
 
 In October 2021, the federal bank regulatory agencies issued a Joint Statement on Managing the LIBOR Transition. In that guidance, the agencies offered their regulatory expectations and outlined potential supervisory and enforcement consequences for banks that fail to adequately plan for and implement the transition away from LIBOR. The failure to properly transition away from LIBOR may result in increased supervisory scrutiny. In addition, the implementation of LIBOR reform proposals may result in increased compliance costs and operational costs, including costs related to continued participation in LIBOR and the transition to a replacement reference rate or rates, which cannot currently be reasonably estimated. 
 
 The discontinuance of LIBOR may result in uncertainty or differences in the calculation of the applicable interest rate or payment amount depending on the terms of the governing documents, may adversely affect the value of Mid Penn s floating rate obligations, loans, deposits, derivatives, and other financial instruments tied to LIBOR rates and may also increase operational and other risks to Mid Penn and the industry, including reputational and litigation risk. 
 
 The Basel III capital requirements require Mid Penn to maintain higher levels of capital, which could reduce profitability. 
 
 Basel III established higher levels of base capital, certain capital buffers, and a migration toward common equity as the key source of regulatory capital. Although these capital requirements have been phased in and met by Mid Penn, the Basel III requirements signal a growing effort by domestic and international bank regulatory agencies to require financial institutions, including depository institutions, to maintain higher levels of capital. The Basel III implementation activities and related regulatory capital targets required additional capital to support our business risk profile. Maintaining higher levels of capital potentially reduces opportunities to leverage interest-earning assets, which could limit the net interest income and profitability of Mid Penn, and adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 As a participating lender in the SBA Paycheck Protection Program ("PPP"), we are subject to additional risks of litigation from our clients or other parties regarding our processing of loans for the PPP and risks that the SBA may not fund some or all PPP loan guaranties. 
 
 On March 27, 2020, President Trump signed the CARES Act, which included a loan program administered through the SBA referred to as the PPP. Under the PPP, small businesses and other entities and individuals were permitted to apply for loans from existing SBA lenders and other approved regulated lenders that enrolled in the program, subject to numerous limitations and eligibility criteria. We participated as a lender in the PPP, which commenced on April 3, 2020. Because of the short timeframe between the passing of the CARES Act and the commencement of the PPP, there was some ambiguity in the laws, rules and guidance regarding the operation of the PPP, which exposes the Corporation to risks relating to noncompliance with the PPP. Since its commencement, several other larger banks have been subject to litigation regarding the process and procedures that such banks used in processing applications for the PPP. We may be exposed to the risk of litigation, from both clients and non-clients that approached us regarding PPP loans, regarding our process and procedures 
 16 

Table of Contents 
 MID PENN BANCORP, INC. 

 used in processing applications for the PPP. If any such litigation is filed against us and is not resolved in a manner favorable to us, it may result in significant financial liability or adversely affect our reputation. In addition, litigation can be costly, regardless of outcome. Any financial liability, litigation costs or reputational damage caused by PPP related litigation could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We also have credit risk on PPP loans if a determination is made by the SBA that there is a deficiency in the manner in which the loan was originated, funded, or serviced by us, such as an issue with the eligibility of a borrower to receive a PPP loan, which may or may not be related to the ambiguity in the laws, rules and guidance regarding the operation of the PPP. In the event of a loss resulting from a default on a PPP loan and a determination by the SBA that there was a deficiency in the manner in which the PPP loan was originated, funded, or serviced by us, the SBA may deny its liability under the guaranty, reduce the amount of the guaranty, or, if it has already paid under the guaranty, seek recovery of any loss related to the deficiency from us. 
 
 Our SBA lending program is dependent upon the federal government and we face specific risks associated with originating SBA loans. 
 
 Our SBA lending program is dependent upon the federal government. As an SBA Preferred Lender, we enable our clients to obtain SBA loans without being subject to the potentially lengthy SBA approval process necessary for lenders that are not SBA Preferred Lenders. The SBA periodically reviews the lending operations of participating lenders to assess, among other things, whether the lender exhibits prudent risk management. When weaknesses are identified, the SBA may request corrective actions or impose enforcement actions, including revocation of the lender s Preferred Lender status. If we lose our status as a Preferred Lender, we may lose some or all of our customers to lenders who are SBA Preferred Lenders. Also, any changes to the SBA program, including changes to the level of guarantee provided by the federal government on SBA loans, could adversely affect our business and earnings. 
 
 We generally sell the guaranteed portion of our SBA 7(a) program loans in the secondary market. These sales have resulted in premium income for us at the time of sale and created a stream of future servicing income. We may not be able to continue originating these loans or selling them in the secondary market. Furthermore, even if we are able to continue originating and selling SBA 7(a) program loans in the secondary market, we might not continue to realize premiums upon the sale of the guaranteed portion of these loans. When we sell the guaranteed portion of our SBA 7(a) program loans, we incur credit risk on the non-guaranteed portion of the loans, and if a customer defaults on the non-guaranteed portion of a loan, we share any loss and recovery related to the loan pro-rata with the SBA. If the SBA establishes that a loss on an SBA guaranteed loan is attributable to significant technical deficiencies in the manner in which the loan was originated, funded or serviced by us, the SBA may seek recovery of the principal loss related to the deficiency from us, which could adversely affect our business and earnings. 
 
 The laws, regulations and standard operating procedures that are applicable to SBA loan products may change in the future. We cannot predict the effects of these changes on our business and profitability. Because government regulation greatly affects the business and financial results of all commercial banks and bank holding companies, changes in the laws, regulations and procedures applicable to SBA loans could adversely affect our business and earnings. 
 
 Acts of terrorism, natural disasters, global climate change, pandemics and global conflicts may have a negative impact on our business and operations. 
 
 Acts of terrorism, natural disasters, global climate change, pandemics, global conflicts or other similar events could have a negative impact on our business and operations. While we have business continuity plans in place, such events occurring or persisting, such as the current COVID-19 or any future pandemic, could disrupt or delay the normal operations of our business and our facilities (including communications and technology), result in harm to or cause travel limitations on our employees, and have a similar impact on our clients, suppliers, third-party vendors and counterparties. These events also could impact us negatively to the extent that they result in reduced capital markets activity, lower asset price levels, or disruptions in general economic activity in the United States or abroad, or in financial market settlement functions. In addition, these or similar events may impact economic growth negatively, which could have an adverse effect on our business and operations and may have other adverse effects on us in ways that we are unable to predict. 
 
 The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and measures taken to limit its spread could adversely affect Mid Penn s business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has negatively impacted economic and commercial activity and financial markets. Measures to contain the virus, such as stay-at-home orders, travel restrictions, closure of non-essential businesses, occupancy limitations and social distancing requirements, resulted in significant business and operational disruptions, including business closures, and mass layoffs and furloughs. Though most restrictions have been lifted or eased and consumer and business spending and unemployment levels have improved significantly, the economic recovery has been uneven, with industries such as travel, entertainment, hospitality and food service lagging. Supply chain disruptions precipitated by the abrupt economic 
 17 

Table of Contents 
 MID PENN BANCORP, INC. 

 slowdown have contributed to increased costs, lost revenue, and inflationary pressures for many segments of the economy. Further, a significant number of workers left their jobs during the COVID-19 pandemic, leading to wage inflation in many industries as businesses attempt to fill vacant positions. 
 
 The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic will ultimately affect our business is unknown and will depend, among other things, on the duration of the pandemic, the actions undertaken by national, state and local governments and health officials to contain the virus or mitigate its effects, the safety and effectiveness of the vaccines that have been developed and the extent to which they are accepted by the public, the development of effective therapies, and how quickly and to what extent economic conditions improve and normal business and operating conditions resume. 
 
 The continuation of the COVID-19 pandemic and the efforts to contain the virus, including effects of economic stimulus, and the exhaustion or expiration of stimulus benefits, could: 
 reduce the demand for loans and other financial services; 
 result in increases in loan delinquencies, problem assets, and foreclosures; 
 cause the value of collateral for loans, especially real estate, to decline in value; 
 reduce the availability and productivity of our employees; 
 cause our vendors and counterparties to be unable to meet existing obligations to us; 
 negatively impact the business and operations of third-party service providers that perform critical services for our business; 
 cause the value of our securities portfolio to decline; and 
 cause the net worth and liquidity of loan guarantors to decline, impairing their ability to honor commitments to us. 
 Any one or a combination of the above events could have a material, adverse effect on Mid Penn s business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 Interest rate volatility stemming from COVID-19 could negatively affect our net interest income, lending activities, deposits and profitability. 
 
 Our net interest income, lending activities, deposits and profitability could be negatively affected by volatility in interest rates caused by uncertainties stemming from COVID-19. In March 2020, the Federal Reserve lowered the target range for the federal funds rate to a range from 0 to 0.25 , citing concerns about the impact of COVID-19 on markets and stress in the energy sector. In a series of moves beginning March 17, 2022 through February 1, 2023 intended to curb increasing inflation, the Federal Reserve increased the federal funds rate to a target range of 4.5 to 4.75 . A prolonged period of extremely volatile and unstable market conditions would likely increase our funding costs and negatively affect market risk mitigation strategies. Higher income volatility from changes in interest rates and spreads to benchmark indices could cause a loss of future net interest income and a decrease in current fair market values of our assets. Fluctuations in interest rates will impact both the level of income and expense recorded on most of our assets and liabilities and the market value of all interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on our net income, operating results, or financial condition. 
 
 If Mid Penn s information systems are interrupted or sustain a breach in security, those events may negatively affect Mid Penn s financial performance and reputation. 
 
 In conducting its business, Mid Penn relies heavily on its information systems. Maintaining and protecting those systems and data is difficult and expensive, as is dealing with any failure, interruption, or breach in security of these systems, whether due to acts or omissions by Mid Penn or by a third party, and whether intentional or not. Any such failure, interruption, or breach could result in failures or disruptions in Mid Penn s customer relationship management, general ledger, deposit, loan, and other systems. A breach of Mid Penn s information security may result from fraudulent activity committed against Mid Penn or its clients, resulting in financial loss to Mid Penn or its clients, or privacy breaches against Mid Penn s clients. Such fraudulent activity may consist of check fraud, electronic fraud, wire fraud, "phishing", social engineering, identity theft, or other deceptive acts. The policies, procedures, and technical safeguards put in place by Mid Penn to prevent or limit the effect of any failure, interruption, or security breach of its information systems and data may be insufficient to prevent or remedy the effects of any such occurrences. The occurrence of any failures, interruptions, or security breaches of Mid Penn s information systems and data could damage Mid Penn s reputation, cause Mid Penn to incur additional expenses, result in online services or other businesses becoming inoperable, subject Mid Penn to regulatory sanctions or additional regulatory scrutiny, or expose Mid Penn to civil litigation and possible financial liability, any of which could have a material adverse effect on Mid Penn s financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Mid Penn s business operations and interaction with customers are increasingly done via technology and electronic delivery channels, and this has increased risks related to cyber-attacks and cyber incidents. 
 
 Mid Penn is exposed to the risk of cyber-attacks in the normal course of business. In general, cyber incidents can result from deliberate attacks or unintentional events. An increased level of attention in the industry is focused on cyber-attacks 
 18 

Table of Contents 
 MID PENN BANCORP, INC. 

 that include, but are not limited to, gaining unauthorized access to digital systems for purposes of misappropriating assets or sensitive information, corrupting data, or causing operational disruption. To combat against these attacks, Mid Penn has certain security systems and policies and procedures in place to prevent or limit the effect of the possible security breach of its information systems and it has insurance against some cyber-risks and attacks. While Mid Penn has not incurred any material losses related to cyber-attacks, nor is it aware of any specific or threatened cyber-incidents as of the date of this report, it may incur substantial costs and suffer other negative consequences if it falls victim to successful cyber-attacks. Such negative consequences could include remediation costs that may include liability for stolen assets or information and repairing system damage that cyber-attacks may have caused; deploying additional personnel and protection technologies, training employees, and engaging third party experts and consultants; lost revenues resulting from unauthorized use of proprietary information or the failure to retain or attract customers following an attack; litigation; and reputational damage adversely affecting customer or investor confidence. 
 
 We are required to make a number of judgments in applying generally accepted accounting standards, and different estimates and assumptions in the application of these accounting standards could result in a decrease in capital and/or other material changes to our reports of financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Generally accepted accounting principles involve certain estimates and processes that are particularly susceptible to significant change, including those related to the determination of the allowance for loan losses and reserve for unfunded lending commitments, the fair value of and potential impairment of certain financial instruments including investment securities, income tax assets or liabilities (including deferred tax assets and any related valuation allowance), and share-based compensation. While we have identified critical accounting policies and have procedures and processes in place to support making the related judgments and estimates, changes to the processes, assumptions, or models in the application of these generally accepted accounting principles, and the impact to the related judgments and estimates could result in a decrease to net income and, possibly, capital and may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. From time to time, the Financial Accounting Standards Board and the SEC issues changes to or updated interpretations of the financial accounting and reporting guidance that governs the preparation of Mid Penn s financial statements. These changes are beyond our control, can be difficult to predict, and could materially impact how we report our financial condition and results of operations. We could be required to apply new or revised guidance retrospectively, which may result in the revision of prior financial statements by material amounts. The implementation of new or revised guidance could also result in material adverse effects to our reported capital. 
 
 Mid Penn s mortgage banking income may experience significant volatility. 
 
 Mortgage banking income is highly influenced by the level and direction of market forces including mortgage interest rates, and real estate and refinancing activity. In lower interest rate environments, the demand for mortgage loans and refinancing activity will tend to increase. This has the effect of increasing fee income but could adversely impact the estimated fair value of Mid Penn s mortgage servicing rights as the rate of loan prepayments increase. In higher interest rate environments, the demand for mortgage loans and refinancing activity will generally be lower. This has the effect of decreasing mortgage loan originations and refinance activities, and related fee income opportunities. 
 
 Mid Penn could be required to repurchase mortgage loans or indemnify mortgage loan purchasers due to breaches of representations and warranties, borrower fraud, or certain borrower defaults, which could have a material adverse impact on our liquidity, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Mid Penn originates and sells a significant amount of residential mortgage loans into the secondary market. When Mid Penn sells mortgage loans, Mid Penn is required to make customary representations and warranties to purchasers about the mortgage loans and the manner in which they were originated. The agreements pursuant to which the loans are sold require Mid Penn to repurchase or substitute mortgage loans in the event there was a breach of any of these representations or warranties. In addition, Mid Penn may be required to repurchase mortgage loans as a result of borrower fraud or in the event of early payment default of the borrower on a mortgage loan. If repurchase and indemnity demands increase significantly, Mid Penn s liquidity, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. 
 
 Mid Penn s profitability depends significantly on economic conditions in Pennsylvania. 
 
 Unlike larger or regional financial institutions that are more geographically diversified, Mid Penn s success is dependent to a significant degree on economic conditions in Pennsylvania, especially in the twelve counties and the specific markets primarily served by Mid Penn. The banking industry is affected by general economic conditions, including the effects of inflation, recession, unemployment, real estate values, trends in national and global economics, and other factors beyond our control. An economic recession or a delayed recovery over a prolonged period of time in Pennsylvania, or more specific to the counties or communities in Pennsylvania served by Mid Penn, could cause an increase in the level of the Bank s non-performing assets and loan losses, thereby causing operating losses, impairing liquidity, and eroding capital. 
 19 

Table of Contents 
 MID PENN BANCORP, INC. 

 Mid Penn cannot assure that adverse changes in the local and state economy supporting its market area would not have a material adverse effect on Mid Penn s consolidated financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 
 Mid Penn is subject to claims and litigation pertaining to fiduciary responsibility. 
 
 From time to time, customers may make claims and take legal action pertaining to Mid Penn s performance of its fiduciary responsibilities. Whether customer claims and legal action related to Mid Penn s performance of its fiduciary responsibilities are founded or unfounded, if such claims and legal actions are not resolved in a manner favorable to Mid Penn, the claims or related litigation processes may result in significant financial expense and liability, and/or adversely affect the market perception of Mid Penn and its products and services, as well as impact customer demand for those products and services. Any financial liability or reputation damage could have a material adverse effect on Mid Penn s business, which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on Mid Penn s financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Mid Penn operates in a highly regulated environment and may be adversely affected by changes in federal, state and local laws and regulations. 
 
 The Corporation, the Bank, and its nonbank subsidiaries are collectively subject to extensive regulation, supervision and examination by federal and state banking authorities. The potential exists for additional or amended federal or state laws and regulations, or changes in supervisory policies or activities, to materially affect many aspects of Mid Penn s operations, including capital levels, lending and funding practices, and liquidity standards. New laws and regulations may increase costs of regulatory compliance and of doing business and otherwise affect operations and may significantly affect the markets in which Mid Penn does business, the markets for and value of Mid Penn s loans and investments, the ability to attract deposits at a reasonable cost, the fees charged, and ongoing operations, costs and profitability. Further, additional legislation and regulations that could significantly affect Mid Penn s powers, authority and operations may be enacted or adopted in the future, which could have a material adverse effect on its financial condition and results of operations. Also, regulators have significant discretion and authority to prevent or remedy unsafe or unsound practices or violations of laws by banks and bank holding companies in the performance of their supervisory and enforcement duties. Any changes in applicable regulations or federal, state or local legislation, or the exercise of bank regulatory authority, may have a negative impact on Mid Penn s results of operations, financial condition, and its ability to pay dividends on common stock. 
 
 The soundness of other financial institutions may adversely affect Mid Penn. 
 
 Financial services institutions are interrelated as a result of trading, clearing, counterparty, or other relationships. Mid Penn has exposure to many different industries and counterparties, and routinely executes transactions with counterparties in the financial services industry, including commercial banks, brokers and dealers, investment banks, and other institutional clients. Many of these transactions expose Mid Penn to credit risk and losses in the event of a default by a counterparty or client. Any such losses could have a material adverse effect on Mid Penn s financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 On March 10, 2023, the FDIC took control and was appointed receiver of Silicon Valley Bank ("SVB"), and on March 12, 2023, the FDIC took control and was appointed receiver of Signature Bank, in each case due primarily to liquidity concerns. As of March 13, 2023, Mid Penn did not have any direct exposure to SVB or Signature Bank. However, if other banks and financial institutions enter receivership or become insolvent in the future in response to financial conditions affecting the banking system and financial markets, our ability to access our existing cash, cash equivalents and investments may be threatened and could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. 
 
 Volatility in financial markets and the economy may have materially adverse effects on our liquidity and financial condition . 
 
 The capital and credit markets have recently experienced extreme volatility and economic disruption, most recently due to the takeover by the FDIC of both SVB and Signature Bank in March 2023, and, prior to that, due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Adverse financial market and economic conditions can exert downward pressure on stock prices, security prices, and credit availability for certain issuers without regard to their underlying financial strength. The volatility resulting from the failures of SVB and Signature Bank has particularly impacted the price of securities issued by financial institutions, including Mid Penn s. 
 
 If such levels of financial market and economic disruption and volatility continue, there can be no assurance that Mid Penn will not experience adverse effects, which may materially affect its liquidity, financial condition, and profitability. 

20 

Table of Contents 
 MID PENN BANCORP, INC. 

 Mid Penn s banking subsidiary may be required to pay higher FDIC insurance premiums or special assessments which may adversely affect its earnings . 
 
 Poor economic conditions and the resulting bank failures from the most recent recession stressed the DIF and increased the costs of the Bank s FDIC insurance assessments. Promptly following the recent failures of SVB and Signature Bank in March 2023, the federal banking regulators announced that the FDIC will use funds from the DIF to ensure that all depositors in SVB and Signature Bank are made whole, at no cost to taxpayers. Mid Penn anticipates that the FDIC will impose special assessments on all banks in order to replenish the DIF. Mid Penn generally is unable to control the amount of premiums or special assessments that its banking subsidiary is required to pay for FDIC insurance. Any special assessments or future changes in the calculation or assessment of FDIC insurance premiums may have a material adverse effect on the results of Mid Penn s operations and financial condition. 
 
 If we conclude that the decline in the value of any of our investment securities is other than temporary, we are required to write down the value of that security through a charge to earnings. 
 
 Mid Penn reviews its investment securities portfolio at each quarter-end reporting period to determine whether the fair value of individual securities or the portfolio as a whole is below the current carrying value. When the fair value of any of its investment securities has declined below its carrying value, Mid Penn is required to assess whether the decline is other than temporary. If Mid Penn concludes that the decline is other than temporary, it is required to write down the value of that security through a charge to earnings. Changes in the expected cash flows of these securities and/or prolonged price declines may result in Mid Penn concluding that impairment of these securities is other than temporary, which would require a charge to earnings to write down these securities to their fair value. Due to the complexity of the process, inputs, calculations and assumptions used in determining whether an investment is impaired, Mid Penn s assessment of or disclosure of the impairment status of investments may not accurately reflect the actual impairment in the future. 
 
 Mid Penn is subject to environmental, social and governance ("ESG") risks that could adversely affect our results of operations, reputation, and the market price of our securities. 
 
 Mid Penn is subject to a variety of risks arising from ESG matters. ESG matters include environmental and climate change activism, diversity activism, and racial and social justice issues. Such matters may involve our personnel, customers, or third parties with whom we do business. Risks arising from ESG matters may adversely affect, among other things, our reputation and the market price of our securities. Further, Mid Penn may be exposed to negative publicity based on the identity and activities of our shareholders, those to whom we lend and with which we otherwise do business, and the public s view of the approach and requirements of our state or federal regulators, customers, and business partners with respect to ESG matters. Any such negative publicity could arise through traditional media or electronic social media platforms. Mid Penn s relationships and reputation with our existing and prospective customers and third parties with which we do business could be damaged if we were to become the subject of any such negative publicity. This, in turn, could have an adverse effect on Mid Penn s ability to attract and retain customers and employees and could have a negative impact on the market price for our securities. 
 
 Certain investors have begun to consider the steps taken and resources allocated by financial institutions and other commercial organizations with respect to ESG matters when making investment decisions. Certain investors are beginning to incorporate the business risks of ESG regulation and activism and the adequacy of companies responses to these into their investment decisions. These shifts in investing priorities may result in adverse effects on the market price of Mid Penn s securities. 
 
 The U.S. Congress, state legislatures and federal and state regulatory agencies, as well as certain stock exchanges, continue to propose numerous initiatives related to ESG matters. Similar and even more expansive initiatives are expected under the current administration, including potentially increasing supervisory expectations with respect to banks risk management practices, accounting practices, and credit portfolio concentrations management practices. The lack of empirical data surrounding the credit and other financial risks posed by ESG regulation and activism render it impossible to predict how specifically ESG matters may impact Mid Penn s financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Federal and state banking regulators and supervisory authorities, investors and other stakeholders have increasingly viewed financial institutions as a tool to effect ESG activism, both directly and with respect to their customers, which may result in financial institutions coming under increased pressure regarding the disclosure and management of ESG matters. Given that ESG matters could impose systemic risks upon the financial sector, either via disruptions in economic activity resulting from activism, Mid Penn faces increasing focus on our resilience to ESG risks. Ongoing legislative or regulatory uncertainties and changes regarding ESG risk management and practices may result in higher regulatory, compliance, credit and reputational risks and costs. 
 
 Mid Penn is subject to environmental liability risk associated with lending activities. 
 21 

Table of Contents 
 MID PENN BANCORP, INC. 

A significant portion of Mid Penn s loan portfolio is secured by real property. During the ordinary course of business, Mid Penn may foreclose on and take title to properties securing certain loans. In doing so, there is a risk that hazardous or toxic substances could be found on these properties. If hazardous or toxic substances are found, Mid Penn may be liable for remediation costs, as well as for personal injury and property damage. Environmental laws may require Mid Penn to incur substantial expenses and may materially reduce the affected property s value or limit Mid Penn s ability to use or sell the affected property. In addition, future laws or more stringent interpretations or enforcement policies with respect to existing laws may increase Mid Penn s exposure to environmental liability. Although Mid Penn has policies and procedures to perform an environmental review before initiating any foreclosure action on real property, these reviews may not be sufficient to detect all potential environmental hazards. The remediation costs and any other financial liabilities associated with an environmental hazard could have a material adverse effect on Mid Penn s financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Mid Penn s financial performance may suffer if its information technology is unable to keep pace with its growth or industry developments. 
 
 Effective and competitive delivery of Mid Penn s products and services is increasingly dependent upon information technology resources and processes provided both internally and through third party vendors. In addition to better serving customers, the effective use of technology increases efficiency and enables Mid Penn to reduce costs. Mid Penn s future success will depend, in part, upon its ability to address the needs of its customers by effectively and safely using technology to provide products and services to enhance customer convenience, attract customers who prefer technological delivery channels, and to create additional efficiencies in its operations. Many of Mid Penn s competitors have greater resources to invest in technological improvements and infrastructure. Additionally, as technology and information security requirements in the financial services industry change and evolve, keeping pace becomes increasingly complex and expensive for Mid Penn. There can be no assurance that Mid Penn will be able to effectively keep pace with these technological advancements or the related substantial costs and investments required, which could adversely affect its financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Growing by acquisition entails certain risks, and difficulties in integrating past or future acquisitions could adversely affect our business. 
 
 On December 20, 2022, Mid Penn announced the signing of a definitive merger agreement to acquire Brunswick Bancorp and its wholly-owned subsidiary, Brunswick Bank Trust Company, and Mid Penn has completed three other merger acquisitions in recent years (The Scottdale Bank Trust Company and First Priority Financial Corp. in 2018 and Riverview Financial Corporation on November 30, 2021). 
 
 Growth by acquisition involves substantial risks, as the ultimate success of such acquisitions may depend on, among other things, the ability to realize anticipated cost savings and to integrate the acquired companies and operation in a manner that does not result in decreased revenues. Excessive acquisition costs, conversion costs and the disruption of existing customer relationships in both the acquired companies and legacy markets may occur. If we are not able to successfully achieve the financial efficiencies or integration and growth objectives of acquisitions, the anticipated benefits of an acquisition may not be realized fully, or at all, or may take longer to realize than planned. 
 
 Further, the asset quality or other financial characteristics of an acquired company may deteriorate from the date a merger or other acquisition agreement is entered into and when the transaction is completed or the post-merger period. 
 
 Mid Penn has spent and may continue to spend significant resources identifying companies and businesses to acquire. The efficient and effective integration of any companies and businesses we acquire and integrate into our organization is critical to our growth. The recent Scottdale, First Priority, and Riverview mergers, the pending Brunswick Bancorp acquisition, and any future mergers or acquisitions, involve numerous risks including difficulties in integrating the culture, operations, technologies and personnel of the acquired companies, the diversion of management s attention from other business concerns and the potential loss of customers. Failure to fully integrate the operations of any acquired business successfully, or to integrate the operations of future acquisition targets, could harm Mid Penn s business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 We plan to pursue a growth strategy and there are risks associated with rapid growth. 
 
 We intend to pursue a growth plan consistent with our prior business strategy, including growth by acquisition, as well as leveraging our existing branch network or adding new branch locations or offices and personnel in current and adjacent markets we choose to serve. The Scottdale, First Priority, and Riverview mergers and pending Brunswick Bancorp acquisition are reflective of our growth strategy. 
 
 22 

Table of Contents 
 MID PENN BANCORP, INC. 

 Our ability to manage growth successfully will depend on our ability to attract or retain qualified personnel, maintain cost controls and efficiencies, and ensure our areas of growth continue to meet our high asset quality standards, while attracting additional loans and deposits on favorable terms, as well as on factors beyond our control, such as economic conditions and competition in existing and new markets. If we grow too quickly and are not able to attract qualified personnel, control costs and maintain asset quality, this continued rapid growth could materially adversely affect our financial performance. 
 
 The value of our goodwill and other intangible assets may decline in the future. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 114.2 million of goodwill and 7.2 million of other intangible assets. A significant decline in our expected future cash flows, a significant adverse change in the business climate, slower economic growth or a significant and sustained decline in the price of our common stock, any or all of which could be materially impacted by many of the risk factors discussed herein, may necessitate our taking charges in the future related to the impairment of our goodwill. Future regulatory actions could also have a material impact on assessments of goodwill for impairment. If we were to conclude that a future write-down of our goodwill is necessary, we would record the appropriate charge, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 
 Identifiable intangible assets other than goodwill consist of core deposit intangibles, books of business, and other intangible assets. Adverse events or circumstances could impact the recoverability of these intangible assets including loss of core deposits, significant losses of customer accounts and/or balances, increased competition or adverse changes in the economy. To the extent these intangible assets are deemed unrecoverable, a non-cash impairment charge would be recorded, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 
 Risks Related to Mid Penn Common Stock 
 
 The trading volume in Mid Penn s common stock is less than that of other larger financial services companies. 
 
 Mid Penn s common stock is listed for trading on NASDAQ (symbol: MPB); however, the trading volume in its common stock is less than that of other larger financial services companies. A public trading market having the desired characteristics of depth, liquidity and orderliness depends on the presence in the marketplace of willing buyers and sellers of Mid Penn s common stock at any given time. This presence depends on the individual decisions of investors and general economic and market conditions over which Mid Penn has no control. Given the generally lower trading volume of Mid Penn s common stock, significant sales of Mid Penn s common stock, or the expectation of these sales, could cause Mid Penn s stock price to fall. 
 
 The market price of Mid Penn common stock may fluctuate significantly, and this may make it difficult for investors to resell shares of common stock owned by them at times or at prices they find attractive. 
 
 The market price of our common stock as reported on NASDAQ is subject to constant change during business trading hours. We expect that the market price of Mid Penn common stock will continue to fluctuate and there can be no assurance about the stability or trend of market prices for Mid Penn common stock. Stock price volatility, particularly with a stock like ours with lower trading volumes than larger financial services companies, may make it difficult for investors to resell their Mid Penn common stock when they want and at times or prices that they find attractive. Mid Penn s stock price may fluctuate significantly as a result of a variety of factors, many of which are beyond our control. These factors include those described elsewhere in this entire "Risk Factors" section, in this document, and our other filings with the SEC. 
 
 Mid Penn s ability to pay dividends on its common stock, and principal and interest on its subordinated notes, depends primarily on dividends from its banking subsidiary, which is subject to regulatory limits. 
 
 Mid Penn is a bank holding company and its operations are conducted primarily by its banking subsidiary. Mid Penn s ability to pay dividends on its common stock, and principal and interest on its subordinated notes, depends on its receipt of dividends from the Bank. Dividend payments from its banking subsidiary are subject to legal and regulatory limitations, generally based on net profits and retained earnings, imposed by the respective regulatory agencies that supervise the Bank. The ability of the Bank to pay dividends is also subject to profitability, financial condition, liquidity, and capital management limits. There is no assurance that Mid Penn s banking subsidiary or other subsidiaries established in the future will be able to pay dividends, or that Mid Penn itself will generate adequate cash flow to pay dividends in the future. Federal Reserve policy, which applies to Mid Penn as a registered bank holding company, also provides that dividends by bank holding companies should generally be paid out of earnings from both the current period and a designated look-back period. Mid Penn s ability to pay dividends on its common stock, or the amount of any dividends paid, could have a material adverse effect on the market price of its common stock. 

23 

Table of Contents 
 MID PENN BANCORP, INC. 

 Mid Penn may need to, or be required to, raise additional capital in the future, and capital may not be available when needed and on terms favorable to current stockholders. 
 
 Federal banking regulators require the Corporation and the Bank to maintain adequate levels of capital to support their operations. These capital levels are determined and dictated by law, regulation, and banking regulatory agencies. In addition, capital levels are also determined by Mid Penn s management and board of directors, based on capital levels that they believe are necessary to support Mid Penn s business operations. 
 
 If Mid Penn raises capital through merger and acquisition activities, or through the issuance of additional shares of its common stock or other securities, it would likely dilute the ownership interests of current investors and could dilute the per share book value and earnings per share of its common stock. Furthermore, a capital raise through issuance of additional shares may have an adverse impact on Mid Penn s stock price. New investors also may have rights, preferences and privileges senior to Mid Penn s current common stockholders, which may adversely impact its current common stockholders. 
 
 Mid Penn s ability to raise additional capital will depend on conditions in the capital markets at that time, which are outside of its control, and on its financial performance. Accordingly, Mid Penn cannot be certain of its ability to raise additional capital on acceptable terms and acceptable time frames or to raise additional capital at all. If Mid Penn cannot raise additional capital in sufficient amounts when needed, its ability to comply with regulatory capital requirements could be materially impaired. Additionally, the inability to raise capital in sufficient amounts may adversely affect Mid Penn s financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Offerings of debt, which would be senior to Mid Penn s common stock upon liquidation, and/or preferred equity securities which may be senior to our common stock for purposes of dividend distributions or upon liquidation, may adversely affect the market price of our common stock . 
 
 Mid Penn may attempt to increase its capital resources if the Corporation s or the Bank s capital ratios fall below the required minimums. The Corporation or the Bank could be required to raise additional capital by making additional offerings of debt or preferred equity securities, including medium-term notes, senior or subordinated notes and preferred stock. If a future liquidation of Mid Penn occurs, holders of debt securities and shares of preferred stock and lenders with respect to other borrowings are likely to receive distributions of available assets prior to the holders of our common stock. Additional equity offerings may dilute the holdings of existing shareholders or reduce the market price of our common stock, or both. Holders of Mid Penn common stock are not entitled to preemptive rights or other protections against dilution. 
 
 Also, Mid Penn s board of directors is authorized to issue one or more classes or series of preferred stock from time to time without any action on the part of the shareholders. The board of directors also has the power, without shareholder approval, to set the terms of any such classes or series of preferred stock that may be issued, including voting rights, dividend rights, and preferences over common stock with respect to dividends or upon our dissolution, winding up and liquidation and other terms. If Mid Penn issues preferred stock in the future that has a preference over its common stock with respect to the payment of dividends or upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, or if preferred stock is issued with voting rights that dilute the voting power of common stock, the rights of holders of Mid Penn s common stock or the market price of the common stock could be adversely affected. 
 
 Pennsylvania Business Corporation Law and various anti-takeover provisions under our articles of incorporation and bylaws could impede the takeover of Mid Penn. 
 
 Various Pennsylvania laws affecting business corporations may have the effect of discouraging offers to acquire Mid Penn, even if the acquisition would be advantageous to shareholders. In addition, Mid Penn has various anti-takeover measures in place under its articles of incorporation and bylaws, including a supermajority vote requirement for mergers, the staggered election of Mid Penn s board of directors, and the absence of cumulative voting. Any one or more of these laws or measures may impede the takeover of Mid Penn and may prevent its shareholders from taking part in a transaction in which they could realize a premium over the current market price of its common stock. 
 
 Mid Penn s common stock is not insured by any governmental entity. 
 
 Although Mid Penn and the Bank are regulated by governmental agencies, Mid Penn common stock is not a deposit account or other obligation of the Bank or any other bank and, therefore, is not insured against loss by the FDIC, any other deposit insurance fund, any other governmental entity or by any other public or private entity. Investment in Mid Penn common stock is inherently risky for the reasons described elsewhere in this "Risk Factors" section, in this document, and our other filings with the SEC. Mid Penn common stock is also subject to the same market forces that affect the price of 
 24 

Table of Contents 
 MID PENN BANCORP, INC. 

 common stock in any other publicly traded company. As a result, investors who acquire Mid Penn common stock may lose some or all of their investment. 
 
 General Risk Factors 
 
 Mid Penn s controls and procedures may fail or be circumvented. 
 
 Management maintains Mid Penn s internal controls, disclosure controls and procedures, and corporate governance policies and procedures, and periodically reviews and updates them. Any system of controls, however well designed and operated, is based in part on performance by personnel or certain assumptions and can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurances that the objectives of the system are met. Any failure or circumvention of Mid Penn s controls and procedures or failure to comply with regulations related to controls and procedures could have a material adverse effect on Mid Penn s business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 
 Mid Penn may not be able to attract and retain skilled personnel. 
 
 Mid Penn s success depends, in large part, on its ability to attract and retain qualified, key personnel. Competition for the best personnel in most activities engaged in by Mid Penn can be intense, and Mid Penn may not be able to hire or retain them. The unexpected loss of services of one or more of Mid Penn s key personnel could have a material adverse impact on Mid Penn s business because of their skills, knowledge of Mid Penn s market, years of industry experience, and the difficulty of promptly finding qualified replacement personnel. 
 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 None 
 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 The Bank owns a building in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, located at 2407 Park Drive, which serves as the Corporation s headquarters. The Bank also owns a building in Millersburg, Pennsylvania, located at 349 Union Street, which serves as the Bank s headquarters. Additionally, the Bank owns one building in Halifax, Pennsylvania that serves as an operational support facility and one building in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania that serves as corporate administrative and operational support offices. Administrative space is also leased in Pottsville, Lancaster, Clearfield and Chambersburg, Pennsylvania. As of December 31, 2022, the Bank s retail office network was comprised of 43 full-service retail locations. The Bank owned 24 of those locations and leased 19 locations. 
 All real estate owned by Mid Penn is free and clear of encumbrances. Mid Penn s leases expire at various dates through the year 2039 and generally include options to renew. For additional information regarding the lease commitments, See "Note 7 - Leases" , within Item 8, Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 Management is not aware of any litigation that would have a material adverse effect on the consolidated financial position of the Corporation. Mid Penn and the Bank have no proceedings pending other than ordinary, routine litigation occurring in the normal course of business. In addition, management does not know of any material proceedings contemplated by governmental authorities against Mid Penn, the Bank, or any of its properties. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not Applicable 
 
 PART II 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 The Corporation s common stock is traded on NASDAQ under the symbol MPB. 
 25 

Table of Contents 
 MID PENN BANCORP, INC. 

 Transfer Agent: Computershare, Attn: Shareholder Services, P.O. Box 30170, College Station, TX 77842-3170. Phone: 1-800-368-5948. 
 Number of Shareholders: As of March 1, 2023, there were approximately 2,200 shareholders of record of Mid Penn s common stock. 
 Dividends: Mid Penn s dividend payout philosophy looks to provide reasonable quarterly cash returns to shareholders while still retaining sufficient earnings to finance future growth and maintain sound capital levels. The declaration of cash dividends on Mid Penn s common stock is at the discretion of its Board of Directors, and any decision to declare a dividend is based on a number of factors, including, but not limited to, earnings, prospects, financial condition, regulatory capital levels, applicable covenants under any credit agreements and other contractual restrictions, Pennsylvania law, federal and Pennsylvania bank regulatory law, and other factors deemed relevant. 
 Dividend Reinvestment and Stock Purchases: Shareholders of Mid Penn may acquire additional shares of common stock by reinvesting their cash dividends under the Dividend Reinvestment Plan without paying a brokerage fee. Voluntary cash contributions may also be made under the Plan. For additional information about the Plan, contact the Transfer Agent. 
 Annual Meeting: The Annual Meeting of the Shareholders of Mid Penn is expected to be held virtually at 10:00 a.m. on Tuesday, May 9, 2023. 
 Accounting, Auditing and Internal Control Complaints: Information on how to report a complaint regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or auditing matters is available at Mid Penn's website: www.midpennbank.com 
 Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers: In 2020, Mid Penn announced the adoption of a treasury stock repurchase program ("Repurchase Program") authorizing the repurchase of up to 15.0 million of Mid Penn s outstanding common stock, which represents approximately 3.5 of the issued shares based on Mid Penn s closing stock price and shares issued as of March 31, 2022. The Repurchase Program was extended through March 19, 2023 by Mid Penn s Board of Directors on March 23, 2022. Under the Repurchase Program, Mid Penn may conduct repurchases of its common stock through open market transactions (which may be by means of a trading plan adopted under SEC Rule 10b5-1) or in privately negotiated transactions. Repurchases under the program are made at the discretion of management and are subject to market conditions and other factors. There is no guarantee as to the exact number of shares that Mid Penn may repurchase. The Repurchase Program became effective March 19, 2020 and is authorized to continue through March 19, 2023, unless otherwise extended by Mid Penn s Board of Directors. 
 The Repurchase Program may be modified, suspended or terminated at any time, in Mid Penn s discretion, based upon a number of factors, including liquidity, market conditions, the availability of alternative investment opportunities and other factors Mid Penn deems appropriate. The Repurchase Program does not obligate Mid Penn to repurchase any shares. 
 As of December 31, 2022, Mid Penn had repurchased 208,343 shares of common stock at an average price of 23.42 per share under the Repurchase Program. There were no share repurchases during the fourth quarter of 2022. The Repurchase Program had 10.1 million remaining available for repurchase as of December 31, 2022. 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans: Information regarding the Corporation s equity compensation plans is included in Part III, Item 12, Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters. 
 
 26 

Table of Contents 
 MID PENN BANCORP, INC. 

 Stock Performance Graph 
 
 (1) Comprised of commercial banks with total assets ranging between 2.3 billion and 9.5 billion. 
 In accordance with the rules of the SEC, this section, captioned "Stock Performance Graph," is not incorporated by reference into any of our future filings made under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or the Securities Act of 1933. The Stock Performance Graph, including its accompanying table and footnotes, is not deemed to be soliciting material or to be filed under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act. 
 
 ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 
 27 

Table of Contents 
 MID PENN BANCORP, INC. Management s Discussion and Analysis 

 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 SPECIAL CAUTIONARY NOTICE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 Certain of the matters discussed in this document may constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and as such may involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause the actual results, performance or achievements of Mid Penn or the Bank to be materially different from future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. The words "expect," "anticipate," "intend," "plan," "believe," "estimate," and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. Mid Penn s actual results may differ materially from the results anticipated in these forward-looking statements due to a variety of factors, including, without limitation: 
 the effects of future economic conditions on Mid Penn, the Bank, its nonbank subsidiaries, and their markets and customers; 
 governmental monetary and fiscal policies, as well as legislative and regulatory changes; 
 future actions or inactions of the United States government, including a failure to increase the government debt limit or a prolonged shutdown of the federal government; 
 business or economic disruption from national or global epidemic or pandemic events; 
 the risks of changes in interest rates on the level and composition of deposits, loan demand, and the values of loan collateral, the value of investment securities, and interest rate protection agreements; 
 the effects of competition from other commercial banks, thrifts, mortgage banking firms, consumer finance companies, credit unions, securities brokerage firms, insurance companies, money market and other mutual funds and other financial institutions operating in Mid Penn s market area and elsewhere, including institutions operating locally, regionally, nationally and internationally, together with such competitors offering banking products and services by mail, telephone, computer and the internet; 
 an increase in the Pennsylvania Bank Shares Tax to which Mid Penn Bank s capital stock is currently subject, or imposition of any additional taxes on the capital stock of Mid Penn or Mid Penn Bank; 
 impacts of the capital and liquidity requirements imposed by bank regulatory agencies; 
 the effect of changes in accounting policies and practices, as may be adopted by the regulatory agencies, as well as the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board, Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC, and other accounting and reporting standard setters; 
 the costs and effects of litigation and of unexpected or adverse outcomes in such litigation; 
 technological changes; 
 our ability to implement business strategies, including our acquisition strategy; 
 our ability to successfully expand our franchise, including acquisitions or establishing new offices at favorable prices; 
 our ability to successfully integrate any banks, companies, offices, assets, liabilities, customers, systems and management personnel we acquire into our operations and our ability to realize related revenue synergies and cost savings within expected time frames; 
 potential goodwill impairment charges, or future impairment charges and fluctuations in the fair values of reporting units or of assets in the event projected financial results are not achieved within expected time frames; 
 our ability to attract and retain qualified management and personnel; 
 results of regulatory examination and supervision processes; 
 the failure of assumptions underlying the establishment of reserves for loan losses, the assessment of potential impairment of investment securities, and estimations of values of collateral and various financial assets and liabilities; 
 our ability to maintain compliance with the listing rules of NASDAQ; 
 our ability to maintain the value and image of our brand and protect our intellectual property rights; 
 volatility in the securities markets; 
 disruptions due to flooding, severe weather, or other natural disasters or Acts of God; 
 acts of war, terrorism, or global military conflict; 
 supply chain disruption; and 
 the factors described in Item 1A of this Annual Report. 
 All written or oral forward-looking statements attributable to Mid Penn are expressly qualified in their entirety by these cautionary factors. 
 28 

Table of Contents 
 MID PENN BANCORP, INC. Management s Discussion and Analysis 

 This Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations analyzes the major elements of Mid Penn s Consolidated Financial Statements from the view of management and should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Corporation and Notes thereto and other detailed information appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The comparability of the results of operations for the year ended 2022, compared to 2021 and 2020, in general, have been materially impacted by the Riverview Acquisition, which closed on November 30, 2021. For comparative purposes, some 2021 and 2020 balances have been reclassified to conform to the 2022 presentation. Such reclassifications had no impact on net income available to common shareholders or shareholders equity. 
 Mid Penn is not aware of any current trends, events, uncertainties or any current recommendations by the regulatory authorities which, if they were to be implemented, would have a material effect on Mid Penn s or the Bank s liquidity, capital resources, or operations. 
 
 Executive Overview 
 Mid Penn is a financial holding company incorporated in August 1991 in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. 
 Mid Penn generates the majority of its revenues through net interest income, or the difference between interest earned on loans and investments and interest paid on deposits and borrowings. Growth in net interest income is dependent upon balance sheet growth and maintaining or increasing the net interest margin, which is fully taxable-equivalent basis ("FTE") net interest income as a percentage of average interest-earning assets. The Corporation also generates revenue through fees earned on the various services and products offered to its customers and through gains on sales of assets, such as loans, investments and properties. Offsetting these revenue sources are provisions for loan losses, non-interest expenses and income taxes. 
 The following table presents a summary of the Corporation's earnings and selected performance ratios: 
 December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net Income 54,806 29,319 26,209 Diluted EPS 3.44 2.71 3.10 Dividends Declared 0.80 0.79 0.82 Return on average assets 1.22 0.83 0.95 Return on average equity 10.98 8.91 8.57 Net interest margin (1) 
 3.59 3.30 3.48 Non-performing assets to total assets 0.21 0.22 0.52 Net charge-off to average loans (0.002) 0.068 0.015 
 (1) Presented on a FTE basis using a 21 Federal tax rate and statutory interest expense disallowances. See also the "Net Interest Income" section. 
 Financial Highlights 
 Net Income Per Share - Mid Penn s net income available to common shareholders ("earnings") for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 54.8 million or 3.44 per common share basic and diluted, compared to earnings of 29.3 million or 2.71 per common share basic and diluted for the year ended December 31, 2021. The results for the year ended December 31, 2022 were favorably impacted by loan growth, an increase in net interest margin, noninterest income growth and the Riverview Acquisition. The year ended December 31, 2022 included the recognition of 3.8 million of Paycheck Protection Program ("PPP") loan processing fees generated as a result of Mid Penn s participation in the PPP compared to 22.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. These PPP fees are recognized into interest income over the term of the respective loan, or sooner if the loans are forgiven by the Small Business Administration or the borrowers otherwise pay down principal prior to a loan s stated maturity. The year ended December 31, 2021 also include merger and acquisition expenses of 3.1 million and 
 29 

Table of Contents 
 MID PENN BANCORP, INC. Management s Discussion and Analysis 

 post-acquisition restructuring expenses totaling 9.9 million resulting from the Riverview Acquisition, which was announced on June 30, 2021 and legally closed on November 30, 2021. 
 Net Interest Income 
 Net Interest Margin - For the year ended December 31, 2022, Mid Penn s FTE net interest margin was 3.59 versus 3.30 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The Federal Reserve s Federal Open Market Committee ("FOMC") increased rates seven times during 2022. The yield on interest-earning assets increased 28 basis point(s) ("bp") in 2022 compared to 2021 and the rate on interest-bearing liabilities decreased 3 bp in 2022 compared to 2021. 
 Loan Growth - Total loans, net of unearned income, as of December 31, 2022 were 3.5 billion compared to 3.1 billion as of December 31, 2021 , an increase of 409.7 million, or 13.2 . The loan growth occurred primarily within Mid Penn s commercial real estate loan portfolio. 
 Deposit Growth - Total deposits decreased 223.7 million, or 5.6 , from 4.0 billion at December 31, 2021 , to 3.8 billion at December 31, 2022 . The decrease in total deposits was primarily due to the strategic decision to allow higher cost time deposits obtained through the Riverview Acquisition to run-off during the year. 
 Asset Quality - Mid Penn s allowance for loan losses at December 31, 2022 was 19.0 million, or 0.54 of total loans, as compared to 14.6 million, or 0.47 of total loans at December 31, 2021. 
 Net Recoveries/Charge-offs - Mid Penn had net loan recoveries of 60 thousand and net loan charge-offs of 1.7 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Non-performing assets - Total non-performing assets were 9.3 million at December 31, 2022, a decrease compared to non-performing assets of 10.5 million at December 31, 2021. 
 Provision for loan losses - The provision for loan losses was 4.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily the result of loan growth. 
 Noninterest Income - Noninterest income totaled 23.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, a 2.1 million, or 9.9 , increase compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The growth was primarily attributable to the Riverview Acquisition. 
 Noninterest Expense - Noninterest expense totaled 99.8 million, an increase of 8.7 million, or 9.6 , compared to noninterest expense of 91.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Most noninterest expense items increased primarily as a result of the Riverview Acquisition. 
 Borrowings paid downs - During 2022, Mid Penn paid off 76.8 million of long-term debt and redeemed a total of 16.8 million of subordinated debt and trust preferred securities. 
 Share Repurchases - Mid Penn repurchased 109,891 shares during 2022 at an average price per share of 26.91 under its share repurchase program. 
 Business Combinations 
 As announced on Form 8-K filed on December 20, 2022, Mid Penn entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger with Brunswick Bancorp, pursuant to which Brunswick will merge with and into Mid Penn, 
 30 

Table of Contents 
 MID PENN BANCORP, INC. Management s Discussion and Analysis 

 with Mid Penn being the surviving corporation in the Merger. This transaction is expected to close in the second quarter of 2023. 
 On December 30, 2022, Mid Penn purchased the assets, in a business combination, of Managing Partners, Inc., an independent insurance agency that serviced the Central Pennsylvania area. 
 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 Mid Penn s Consolidated Financial Statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ("GAAP") and conform to general practices within the banking industry. Application of certain principles involves significant judgments and estimates by management that have a material impact on the carrying value of certain assets and liabilities. The judgments and estimates used in applying these principles are based on historical experiences and other factors which are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Because of the nature of the judgments and estimates that have been made, actual results could differ from these judgments and estimates, which could have a material impact on the carrying values of assets and liabilities and the reported results of operations. 
 Management of the Corporation considers the accounting judgments relating to the allowance for loan losses to be the accounting area that requires the most subjective and complex judgments. 
 Allowance for loan losses ("allowance") - The allowance represents management s estimate of probable incurred credit losses inherent in the loan portfolio. Determining the amount of the allowance for loan losses is considered a critical accounting estimate because it requires significant judgment and the use of quantitative estimates related to the amount and timing of expected future cash flows on impaired loans, estimated losses on pools of homogeneous loans based on historical loss experience adjusted for subjectively determined qualitative factors, and consideration of current economic trends and conditions, all of which may be susceptible to significant change. The loan portfolio also represents the largest asset type on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 The allowance includes qualitative adjustments, as appropriate, intended to capture the impact of uncertainties not reflected in the quantitative models. Qualitative adjustments include and consider changes in national, regional and local economic and business conditions, an assessment of the lending environment, including underwriting standards and other factors affecting credit quality and inherent risks in the loan portfolio. It should be noted that this evaluation is inherently subjective as it requires material estimates, including, among others, expected default probabilities, the amounts and timing of expected cash flows on impaired loans and leases, the value of collateral, estimated losses on consumer loans and residential mortgages and the relevance of historical loss experience. All of these factors may be susceptible to significant change. 
 While management uses the best information known to it in order to make loan loss allowance valuations, adjustments to the allowance may be necessary based on changes in economic and other conditions, changes in the composition of the loan portfolio, or changes in accounting guidance. In times of economic slowdown, either local,regional or national, the risk inherent in the loan portfolio could increase resulting in the need for additional provisions to the allowance for loan losses in future periods. An increase could also be necessitated by an increase in the size of the loan portfolio or in any of its components even though the credit quality of the overall portfolio may be improving. Historically, the estimates of the allowance for loan losses have provided adequate coverage against actual losses incurred. 
 
 The allowance for loan losses was 19.0 million as of December 31, 2022, an increase of 4.4 million, or 29.9 , compared to 14.6 million as of December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily the result of loan growth during 2022. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 
 Net Interest Income 
 Net interest income, Mid Penn's primary source of earnings, represents the difference between interest income received on loans, investments, and overnight funds, and interest expense paid on deposits and short- and long-term borrowings. Net interest income is affected by changes in interest rates and changes in average balances (volume) in the various interest-sensitive assets and liabilities. Interest and average rates in the table below are presented on a fully taxable-equivalent basis ("FTE"). Tax-equivalent adjustments were calculated using a statutory corporate tax rate of 21 for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. For purposes of calculating loan yields, average loan balances include non-accrual loans. Loan fees of 8.4 million, 25.5 million and 15.8 million are included with loan interest income in the following table for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 
 31 

Table of Contents 
 MID PENN BANCORP, INC. Management s Discussion and Analysis 

 2021, and 2020, Mid Penn recognized 3.8 million, 22.0 million and 13.1 million of PPP fees, respectively, which are included in loan fees. 
 Average balances, effective interest differential and interest yields for the years ended December 31: 
 Average Balances, Income and Interest Rates on a Taxable-Equivalent Basis 2022 2021 2020 (Dollars in thousands) Average Balance Interest (1) 
 Yield/ Rate Average Balance Interest (1) 
 Yield/ Rate Average Balance Interest (1) 
 Yield/ Rate ASSETS: Interest Bearing Balances 26,633 69 0.26 15,916 13 0.08 3,593 39 1.09 Investment Securities: Taxable 500,156 11,663 2.33 124,692 2,257 1.81 112,636 2,524 2.24 Tax-Exempt 78,039 1,895 2.43 57,361 1,420 2.48 49,410 1,276 2.58 Total Investment Securities 578,195 13,558 2.34 182,053 3,677 2.02 162,046 3,800 2.35 Federal Funds Sold 311,989 1,826 0.59 567,647 809 0.14 135,243 497 0.37 Loans, Net 3,217,282 150,636 4.68 2,539,074 119,082 4.69 2,247,002 103,871 4.62 Restricted Investment in Bank Stocks 6,045 289 4.78 7,351 345 4.69 6,554 360 5.49 Total Interest-earning Assets 4,140,144 166,378 4.02 3,312,041 123,926 3.74 2,554,438 108,567 4.25 Cash and Due from Banks 63,608 38,517 33,485 Other Assets 272,422 169,946 170,506 Total Assets 4,476,174 3,520,504 2,758,429 LIABILITIES SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY: Interest-bearing Demand 1,051,605 3,847 0.37 688,595 2,330 0.34 538,385 3,423 0.64 Money Market 1,040,762 5,277 0.51 842,107 3,157 0.37 605,552 4,072 0.67 Savings 355,229 193 0.05 218,546 237 0.11 186,132 346 0.19 Time 524,944 4,827 0.92 451,277 5,603 1.24 443,607 8,558 1.93 Total Interest-bearing Deposits 2,972,540 14,144 0.48 2,200,525 11,327 0.51 1,773,676 16,399 0.92 Short-term borrowings 11,914 441 3.70 153,850 539 0.35 106,233 371 0.35 Long-term debt 23,344 352 1.51 75,483 821 1.09 66,609 999 1.50 Subordinated debt and trust preferred securities 70,583 2,830 4.01 47,116 2,067 4.39 38,740 1,958 5.05 Total Interest-bearing Liabilities 3,078,381 17,767 0.58 2,476,974 14,754 0.60 1,985,258 19,727 0.99 Noninterest-bearing Demand 848,991 684,022 659,554 Other Liabilities 49,864 30,433 24,037 Shareholders' Equity 498,938 329,075 305,929 Total Liabilities Shareholders' Equity 4,476,174 3,520,504 2,974,778 Net Interest Income (taxable-equivalent basis) 148,611 109,172 88,840 Taxable Equivalent Adjustment (778) (604) (632) Net Interest Income 147,833 108,568 88,208 Total Yield on Earning Assets 4.02 3.74 4.25 Rate on Supporting Liabilities 0.58 0.60 0.99 Average Interest Spread 3.44 3.15 3.26 Net Interest Margin 3.59 3.30 3.48 
 (1) Presented on a fully taxable-equivalent basis using a 21 federal tax rate and statutory interest expense disallowances. 
 32 

Table of Contents 
 MID PENN BANCORP, INC. Management s Discussion and Analysis 

 This table and the discussion that follows is based on FTE amounts. Volume analysis of changes in net interest income as of December 31: 
 Years ended December 31, 2022 vs. December 31, 2021 Years ended December 31, 2021 vs. December 31, 2020 Increase (decrease) Increase (decrease) (Dollars in thousands) Volume Rate (1) 
 Net Volume Rate (1) 
 Net INTEREST INCOME: Interest Bearing Balances 9 47 56 134 (160) (26) Investment Securities: Taxable 6,796 2,610 9,406 270 (537) (267) Tax-Exempt 512 (37) 475 205 (61) 144 Total Investment Securities 7,308 2,573 9,881 475 (598) (123) Federal Funds Sold (364) 1,381 1,017 1,589 (1,277) 312 Loans, Net 31,808 (254) 31,554 13,501 1,710 15,211 Restricted Investment Bank Stocks (61) 5 (56) 44 (59) (15) Total Interest Income 38,700 3,752 42,452 15,743 (384) 15,359 INTEREST EXPENSE: Interest Bearing Deposits: Interest Bearing Demand 1,228 289 1,517 955 (2,048) (1,093) Money Market 745 1,375 2,120 1,591 (2,506) (915) Savings 148 (192) (44) 60 (169) (109) Time 915 (1,691) (776) 148 (3,103) (2,955) Total Interest-Bearing Deposits 3,036 (219) 2,817 2,754 (7,826) (5,072) Short-term Borrowings (497) 399 (98) 166 2 168 Long-term Debt (567) 98 (469) 133 (301) (168) Subordinated Debt 1,030 (267) 763 423 (324) 99 Total Interest Expense 3,002 11 3,013 3,476 (8,449) (4,973) NET INTEREST INCOME 35,698 3,741 39,439 12,267 8,065 20,332 
 (1) The effect of changing volume and rate, which cannot be segregated, has been allocated entirely to the rate column. Tax-exempt income is shown on a tax equivalent basis using a statutory corporate tax rate of 21 for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, Mid Penn s FTE net interest margin was 3.59 versus 3.30 for the year ended December 31, 2021 and 3.48 for the year ended December 31, 2020. During 2022, FTE net interest income increased 39.4 million, or 36.1 , compared to 2021. Interest income increased 38.7 million as the result of a 955.7 million, or 27.1 , increase in average interest-earning assets in 2022 compared to 2021 and increased 3.8 million as the result of a 28 bp increase in the yield on interest-earning assets in 2022 compared to 2021. The growth in average interest-earning assets and average interest-bearing liabilities was primarily the result of the the Riverview Acquisition. The increase in the yield on interest-earning assets was the result of a combination of excess cash being re-deployed into higher yielding loans and investment securities and the increases in the federal fund rates during 2022. The FOMC has increased rates seven times during 2022. 
 Average total loans, net, increased 678.2 million , or 26.7 , contributing 31.8 million to the increase in interest income. The yield on average total loans, net, decreased from 4.69 for 2021 to 4.68 for 2022. The slight decrease in the yield was the result of the recognition of 22.0 million of PPP loan processing fees generated in 2021 compared to 3.8 million received in 2022, which were included in FTE interest income, mostly offset by increases as of result of the higher interest rate environment during 2022. The PPP loan processing fees were a result of Mid Penn s participation in the PPP, and are 
 33 

Table of Contents 
 MID PENN BANCORP, INC. Management s Discussion and Analysis 

 recognized into interest income over the term of the respective loan (most have a 24-month maturity), or sooner if the loans are forgiven by the Small Business Administration ("SBA") or the borrowers otherwise pay down principal prior to a loan s stated maturity. 
 Total average investment securities increased 396.1 million , contributing 7.3 million to the increase in FTE interest income, the average yield investment securities increased 33 bps, contributing 2.6 million to the increase in FTE interest income. 
 Interest expense for 2022 increased by 3.0 million or 20.4 when compared to 2021. The cost of interest-bearing liabilities decreased to 0.58 in 2022 from 0.60 in 2021 and 0.99 in 2020. The rate on total interest-bearing deposits decreased to 0.48 in 2022 from 0.51 in 2021 and 0.92 in 2020. The 3 bp decrease in the rate on interest-bearing liabilities was primarily a result of a lag in the repricing of deposits early in the year, as well as the strategic decision to allow higher cost time deposits obtained through the Riverview Acquisition to run-off, partially offset by an increase of 3.0 million in interest expense due to the 772.0 million, or 35.1 , increase in interest-bearing deposits compared to the same period of 2021. 
 Although the effective interest rate impact on interest-earning assets and funding sources can be reasonably estimated at current interest rate levels, the interest-bearing product and pricing options selected by customers, and the future mix of the loan, investment, and deposit products in the Bank's portfolios, may significantly change the estimates used in Mid Penn s asset and liability management and related interest rate risk simulation models. In addition, our net interest income may be impacted by further interest rate actions of the Federal Reserve s FOMC. 
 
 Provision for Loan Losses 
 The provision for loan losses is the expense necessary to maintain the allowance for loan losses at a level adequate to absorb management s estimate of probable losses inherent in the loan portfolio. Mid Penn s provision for loan losses is based upon management s monthly reviews of the loan portfolio throughout the year. The purpose of the monthly reviews is to assess loan quality, identify impaired loans, analyze delinquencies, ascertain loan growth, evaluate actual and potential charge-offs and recoveries, assess general economic conditions in the markets we serve, and determine appropriate loan loss provisions to maintain an adequate allowance. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the provision for loan losses was 4.3 million, an increase of 46.0 compared to a provision for loan losses of 2.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The provision for loan losses for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 1.3 million, or 29.9 , lower than the 4.2 million provision for loan losses for the year ended December 31, 2020. The allowance for loan losses and the related provision reflect Mid Penn s continued application of the incurred loss method for estimating credit losses as Mid Penn was not required to adopt the current expected credit loss ("CECL") accounting standard, until January 1, 2023. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, Mid Penn had net recoveries of 60 thousand compared to net charge-offs of 1.7 million and 333 thousand for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. A summary of charge-offs and recoveries of loans and the provision for loan losses is shown in the table below. 
 Mid Penn expects an increase to the allowance for credit losses ("ACL"), including the reserves for unfunded commitments, is probable to the total credit loss reserve as of December 31, 2022 upon adoption of CECL on January 1, 2023. The one-time increase will be recorded, net of tax, as an adjustment to retained earnings effective January 1, 2023. 
 34 

Table of Contents 
 MID PENN BANCORP, INC. Management s Discussion and Analysis 

 The following table represents the analysis of the allowance for loan losses: 
 Years ended December 31, (In Thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Balance, beginning of year 14,597 13,382 9,515 Loans charged off: Commercial and industrial 1 866 45 Commercial real estate 7 1,044 258 Commercial real estate - construction 23 7 Residential mortgage 25 13 4 Home equity 1 58 Consumer 97 42 Total loans charged off 131 1,988 372 Recoveries on loans previously charged off: Commercial and industrial 13 13 3 Commercial real estate 128 207 1 Commercial real estate - construction 24 8 2 Residential mortgage 2 11 3 Home equity 2 3 Consumer 22 19 27 Total loans recovered 191 258 39 Net (recoveries) charge-offs (60) 1,730 333 Provision for loan losses 4,300 2,945 4,200 Balance, end of year 18,957 14,597 13,382 Net (recoveries) charge-offs to average loans (0.002) 0.068 0.015 

35 

Table of Contents 
 MID PENN BANCORP, INC. Management s Discussion and Analysis 

 Noninterest income and variance analysis as of December 31: 
 Years Ended December 31, (Dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Variance 2022 vs. 2021 Variance 2022 vs. 2021 Income from fiduciary and wealth management activities 5,071 2,494 1,694 2,577 103.3 ATM debit card interchange income 4,362 2,688 1,960 1,674 62.3 Service charges on deposits 2,078 991 637 1,087 109.7 Mortgage banking income 1,607 10,314 9,682 (8,707) (84.4) Mortgage hedging income 1,471 64 167 1,407 N/M Net gain on sales of SBA loans 262 969 442 (707) (73.0) Earnings from cash surrender value of life insurance 1,013 358 301 655 183.0 Net gain on sales of investment activities 79 467 (79) (100.0) Other income 7,793 3,576 2,558 4,217 117.9 Total Noninterest Income 23,657 21,533 17,908 2,124 9.9 
 N/M - Not Meaningful 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, noninterest income totaled 23.7 million, an increase of 2.1 million or 9.9 , compared to noninterest income of 21.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Income from fiduciary and wealth management activities, ATM debit card interchange income, service charges on deposits and earnings from cash surrender value of life insurance increased primarily as a result of the Riverview Acquisition. 
 In addition to increases as a result of the Riverview Acquisition, growth in income from fiduciary and wealth management activities was attributable to favorable increases in trust assets under management and increased sales of retail investment products. 
 Mortgage banking income decreased 8.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 . Mortgage loan originations and secondary-market loan sales and gains slowed during 2022 as a result of increases in interest rates. As a result of mortgage rate increases and an increase in property values driven by supply shortfalls and high liquidity levels among buyers, the mortgage loan refinancing market slowed and purchase money mortgage originations have slowed relative to the lending volumes experienced during 2021. 
 Mortgage hedging income was 1.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 64 thousand for the same period in 2021. The increase was the result of a hedging program related to mortgage derivative activities that Mid Penn did not participate in during the majority of 2021. 
 Other income increased 4.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in other income was primarily driven by activities related to the Riverview Acquisition, increases in insurance commissions and higher volumes of letter of credit fees. 
 For details on the variances of noninterest income for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020 refer to the "Noninterest Income" section of the Management's Discussion and Analysis in the Corporation's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 36 

Table of Contents 
 MID PENN BANCORP, INC. Management s Discussion and Analysis 

 Noninterest expense and variance analysis as of December 31: 
 Years Ended December 31, (In Thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Variance 2022 vs. 2021 Variance 2022 vs. 2021 Salaries and employee benefits 52,601 41,711 37,758 10,890 26.1 Software licensing and utilization 7,524 6,332 5,286 1,192 18.8 Occupancy expense, net 6,900 5,527 5,505 1,373 24.8 Equipment expense 4,493 3,101 2,910 1,392 44.9 Shares tax 2,786 800 1,986 N/M Legal and professional fees 2,761 1,979 1,665 782 39.5 ATM/card processing 2,139 1,053 819 1,086 103.1 Intangible amortization 2,012 1,180 1,398 832 70.5 FDIC assessment 1,594 1,888 1,680 (294) (15.6) Charitable contributions qualifying for State tax credits 1,033 1,432 1,342 (399) (27.9) Mortgage banking profit-sharing expense 178 2,571 2,004 (2,393) (93.1) (Gain) loss on sale or write-down of foreclosed assets, net (133) (25) 333 (108) N/M Merger and acquisition expense 294 3,067 (2,773) (90.4) Post-acquisition restructuring expense 329 9,880 (9,551) N/M Other expenses 15,332 10,610 9,877 4,722 44.5 Total Noninterest Expense 99,843 91,106 70,577 8,737 9.6 
 N/M - Not Meaningful 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, noninterest expense totaled 99.8 million, an increase of 8.7 million, or 9.6 , compared to noninterest expense of 91.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Most noninterest expense items increased primarily as a result of the Riverview Acquisition as discussed in further detail below. 
 Salaries and employee benefits were 52.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, an increase of 10.9 million, or 26.1 , compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was attributable to the retail staff additions at the seven retail locations added through the Riverview Acquisition, the retention of various Riverview team members through the completion of the systems integration, which occurred on March 4, 2022, and the addition of wealth management professionals, commercial lending professionals, and other staff additions in alignment with Mid Penn s core banking and non-banking growth initiatives. 
 Software licensing and utilization costs were 7.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, an increase of 1.2 million, or 18.8 , compared to 6.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase is a result of additional costs to license the additional Riverview branches, upgrades to internal systems, networks, storage capabilities, cybersecurity management, and data security mechanisms to enhance data management and security capabilities responsive to both the larger company profile and the increasing complexity of information technology management, and increases in certain core processing fees as our customer base and transaction volume continue to grow. 
 Both occupancy and equipment expenses increased 1.4 million, or 24.8 and 44.9 , respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increases were driven by the facility operating costs and increased depreciation expense for building, furniture, and equipment, respectively, associated with the Riverview Acquisition. 
 Shares tax totaled 2.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, a 2.0 million increase compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 due to the increase in shareholders' equity, primarily a result of a stock offering completed in 2021 and the Riverview Acquisition. 
 37 

Table of Contents 
 MID PENN BANCORP, INC. Management s Discussion and Analysis 

 ATM/card processing expenses were 2.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, an increase of 1.1 million as a result of an increase in transaction volume resulting from the accounts assumed in the Riverview Acquisition. 
 Intangible amortization increased from 1.2 million during the year ended December 31, 2021 to 2.0 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 as a result of the customer list and core deposit intangible assets added from the Riverview Acquisition. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, merger and acquisition expenses were 3.1 million and included investment banking fees, merger-related legal expenses, and other professional fees for advisory, valuation, and consulting services associated with the Riverview Acquisition. Similar expenses totaling 294 thousand were incurred during the year ended December 31, 2022 related to the MPI Acquisition and the announcement of the Brunswick Bancorp Acquisition. For additional information on these two acquisitions, see "Note 2 - Business Combinations " , within Item 8, Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Post-acquisition and restructuring expenses were 9.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to 329 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2022. The total of these expenses during 2022 primarily consisted of contract termination fees related to the Riverview Acquisition. The total of these expenses during 2021 was comprised of 7.6 million of termination fees and severance costs, and 2.3 million related to the December 7, 2021 announcement of a Retail Network Optimization Plan under which the Bank announced its intention to close 16 of its retail locations throughout its expanded footprint. The branch closures occurred on or about March 4, 2022. As a result of this announcement, and in accordance with GAAP, Mid Penn reclassified the assets associated with these retail locations to held for sale totaling 3.9 million as of December 31, 2021. 
 Other expenses increased 4.7 million from 10.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, to 15.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. Several categories within other expense increased primarily as a result of the Riverview Acquisition and also organic growth, including marketing, telephone, postage, courier, payroll processing, employee travel costs, and director fees. In addition, the year ended December 31, 2022 contained an impaired asset write-off of 664 thousand, representing the disposal of certain fixed assets and leasehold improvements from Riverview offices not being retained. 
 For details on the variances of noninterest expense for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020 refer to the "Noninterest Expense" section of the Management's Discussion and Analysis in the Corporation's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 The provision for income taxes was 12.5 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 , an increase of 5.8 million compared to 6.7 million for the same period in 2021. The provision for income taxes for the year ended December 31, 2022 reflects an effective combined Federal and state tax rate ("ETR") of 18.6 , compared to an ETR of 18.7 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The ETR is generally lower than the federal statutory rate of 21 due to tax-exempt interest income earned on tax-free municipal securities, loans, and the impact of certain merger-related expenses which are nondeductible for Federal tax purposes. 
 
 Financial Condition 
 Mid Penn s total assets were 4.5 billion as of December 31, 2022, reflecting a decrease of 191.5 million, or 4.1 , compared to total assets of 4.7 billion as of December 31, 2021. Included in total assets as of December 31, 2022 are 2.6 million of PPP loans, net of deferred fees. Comparatively, as of December 31, 2021, Mid Penn had 111.3 million of PPP loans outstanding, net of deferred fees. 
 
 Investment Securities 
 Mid Penn s portfolio of held-to-maturity ("HTM") securities, recorded at amortized cost, increased 70.2 million to 399.5 million as of December 31, 2022, as compared to 329.3 million as of December 31, 2021. Mid Penn s total available-for-sale ("AFS") securities portfolio increased 175.0 million from 62.9 million at December 31, 2021 to 237.9 million at 
 38 

Table of Contents 
 MID PENN BANCORP, INC. Management s Discussion and Analysis 

 December 31, 2022. During 2022, Mid Penn re-deployed excess cash into higher yielding investment securities and also increased its investment securities for both strategic portfolio and asset liability management objectives. 
 At December 31, 2022, the unrealized loss on AFS investment securities resulted in a decrease in shareholders equity of 19.1 million (comprised of a gross unrealized loss on securities of 24.1 million net of a deferred income tax benefit of 5.1 million). At December 31, 2021, the unrealized loss on AFS investment securities resulted in a decrease in shareholders equity of 254 thousand (comprised of a gross unrealized loss on securities of 322 thousand net of a deferred income tax benefit of 68 thousand). Mid Penn does not have any significant concentrations of non-governmental securities within its investment portfolio. 
 Mid Penn s investment portfolio is utilized primarily to support overall liquidity and interest rate risk management, to provide collateral supporting pledging requirements for public funds on deposit, and to generate additional interest income within reasonable risk parameters. Mid Penn s investment portfolio includes both held-to-maturity securities and available-for-sale securities. The following table presents the expected maturities of the investment portfolio and the weighted average yields (calculated based on historical cost) as of December 31, 2022: 
 Maturing (In Thousands) One Year and Less After One Year thru Five Years After Five Years Thru Ten Years After Ten Years As of December 31, 2022 
 Amount Yield Amount Yield Amount Yield Amount Yield Available for sale securities, at fair value: U.S. Treasury and U.S. government agencies 28,057 2.99 6,857 3.00 Mortgage-backed U.S. government agencies 5,627 2.52 161,288 3.02 State and political subdivision obligations 1,247 2.21 2,292 2.52 Corporate debt securities 250 1.50 11,808 4.59 20,452 4.43 250 1.50 39,865 3.46 34,183 3.75 163,580 3.01 Held to maturity securities, at amortized cost: U.S. Treasury and U.S. government agencies 51,578 2.31 172,194 1.98 21,899 2.18 Mortgage-backed U.S. government agencies 1,648 3.02 10,760 2.83 38,302 1.97 State and political subdivision obligations 2,745 2.27 31,560 2.56 31,334 2.21 21,486 2.54 Corporate debt securities 1,000 2.89 4,046 2.92 10,942 3.19 3,745 2.44 88,832 2.44 225,230 2.11 81,687 2.17 

39 

Table of Contents 
 MID PENN BANCORP, INC. Management s Discussion and Analysis 

 Loans 
 The following table presents the ending balance of loans outstanding, by type, as of December 31: 
 
 2022 2021 Change in Balance (Dollars in thousands) Balance of Total Loans Balance of Total Loans Commercial and industrial 596,042 17.0 619,562 20.0 (23,520) (3.8) Commercial real estate 2,052,934 58.3 1,668,142 53.5 384,792 23.1 Commercial real estate - construction 441,246 12.6 372,734 12.0 68,512 18.4 Residential mortgage 305,386 8.7 323,223 10.4 (17,837) (5.5) Home equity 110,835 3.2 110,306 3.6 529 0.5 Consumer 7,676 0.2 10,429 0.5 (2,753) (26.4) 3,514,119 100.0 3,104,396 100.0 409,723 13.2 
 Total loans, net of unearned income, as of December 31, 2022 were 3.5 billion compared to 3.1 billion as of December 31, 2021, an increase of 409.7 million. The 23.5 million, or 3.8 , decrease in commercial and industrial loans was the result of PPP loan forgiveness partially offset by organic growth. Commercial real estate loans totaled 2.5 billion as of December 31, 2022, a 22.2 increase compared to 2.0 billion as of December 31, 2021. Residential mortgage and consumer loan categories both experienced a decrease in demand in 2022 as rates and housing costs increased. 
 The majority of the Bank's loan portfolio is to businesses and individuals located within the Bank's primary market area of the Pennsylvania counties of Berks, Blair, Bucks, Centre, Chester, Clearfield, Cumberland, Dauphin, Fayette, Huntingdon, Lancaster, Lehigh, Luzerne, Lycoming, Montgomery, Northumberland, Perry, Schuylkill and Westmoreland. Commercial real estate, construction, and land development loans are collateralized mainly by mortgages on the income-producing real estate or land involved. Commercial, industrial, and agricultural loans are primarily made to business entities and may be secured by business assets, including commercial real estate, or may be unsecured. Residential real estate loans are secured by liens on the residential property. Consumer loans include installment loans, lines of credit and home equity loans. The Bank has no significant concentration of credit to any one borrower. The Bank s highest concentration of credit by loan type is in commercial real estate. 
 
 40 

Table of Contents 
 MID PENN BANCORP, INC. Management s Discussion and Analysis 

 Maturity distribution by contractual maturity date and rate sensitivity information related to the loan portfolio is reflected in the table below: 
 (In Thousands) As of December 31, 2022 One Year and Less One to Five Years Five to Fifteen Years Over Fifteen Years Total Commercial and industrial 10,061 221,628 133,931 231,465 597,085 Commercial real estate 52,894 313,093 909,276 786,419 2,061,682 Commercial real estate, construction 135,890 192,048 53,882 59,425 441,245 Residential mortgage 8,562 24,796 106,045 152,149 291,552 Home equity 2,856 14,249 36,771 57,183 111,059 Consumer 195 2,560 1,136 2,989 6,880 210,458 768,374 1,241,041 1,289,630 3,509,503 Rate Sensitivity Predetermined rate Commercial and industrial 4,488 174,552 44,670 12,534 236,244 Commercial real estate 29,093 236,425 154,881 18,479 438,878 Commercial real estate, construction 55,312 87,470 2,436 6,795 152,013 Residential mortgage 8,256 20,339 66,482 91,095 186,172 Home equity 1,120 5,516 20,588 2,742 29,966 Consumer 139 2,225 1,136 234 3,734 Floating or adjustable rate Commercial and industrial 5,573 47,076 89,260 218,931 360,840 Commercial real estate 23,801 76,668 754,395 767,940 1,622,804 Commercial real estate, construction 80,578 104,578 51,447 52,630 289,233 Residential mortgage 306 4,457 39,563 61,054 105,380 Home equity 1,736 8,733 16,183 54,441 81,093 Consumer 56 335 2,755 3,146 210,458 768,374 1,241,041 1,289,630 3,509,503 
 
 Credit Quality, Credit Risk, and Allowance for Loan Losses 
 Other than as described herein, Mid Penn does not believe there are current significant credit-related trends, events or uncertainties relating to its loan portfolio that are reasonably expected to have a material impact on future results of operations, liquidity, or capital resources. Mid Penn recognizes that the effects of current and past economic conditions and other unfavorable business conditions, including inflation, may eventually adversely influence certain borrowers abilities to comply with their repayment terms. Mid Penn regularly monitors the financial strength of its borrowers, including those at higher risk of credit stress from the economic effects of COVID-19 or inflation, and does not engage in practices which may be used to artificially shield certain borrowers from the negative economic or business cycle effects that may compromise their ability to repay. Mid Penn does not normally structure construction loans with interest reserve components or perform commercial real estate or other type of loan workouts whereby an existing loan was restructured into multiple new loans. Also, Mid Penn does not extend loans at maturity solely due to the existence of guarantees, without recognizing the credit as impaired. While the existence of a guarantee may be a mitigating factor in determining the proper level of allowance once impairment has been identified, the guarantee does not affect the impairment analysis. 
 Allowance for Loan Losses 
 Mid Penn has maintained the allowance for loan losses in accordance with Mid Penn s portfolio credit risk and potential loss assessment process, which took into consideration the risk characteristics of the loan portfolio, shifting collateral 
 41 

Table of Contents 
 MID PENN BANCORP, INC. Management s Discussion and Analysis 

 values, and the assessment of other relevant qualitative factors from December 31, 2022 to December 31, 2021. The allowance for loan losses as a percentage of total loans was 0.54 at December 31, 2022 compared to 0.47 at December 31, 2021. 
 The following table represents non-performing assets as of: 
 December 31, (Dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Non-performing Assets: Non-accrual loans 8,195 9,547 15,047 Accruing troubled debt restructured loans 390 435 463 Total non-performing loans 8,585 9,982 15,510 Foreclosed real estate 43 134 Total non-performing assets 8,628 9,982 15,644 Accruing loans 90 days or more past due 654 515 Total risk elements 9,282 10,497 15,644 Non-performing loans as a percentage of total loans outstanding 0.24 0.32 0.65 Non-performing assets as a percentage of total loans outstanding and other real estate 0.25 0.32 0.66 Non-accrual loans as a percentage of total loans 0.23 0.31 0.63 Allowance for loan losses as a percentage of total loans 0.54 0.47 0.56 Allowance for loan losses as a percentage of non-accrual loans 231.33 152.90 88.93 Ratio of allowance for loan losses to non-performing loans 220.82 146.23 86.28 Allowance for loan losses as a percentage of non-performing assets 219.72 146.23 85.54 
 Mid Penn assesses a specific allocation for both commercial loans and commercial real estate loans prior to partially or fully charging off the loan. If a partial charge off is taken, the remaining balance remains a non-performing loan with the original terms and interest rate intact and is not treated as a restructured credit. Total non-performing assets were 8.6 million at December 31, 2022, a decrease compared to non-performing assets of 10.0 million at December 31, 2021. 
 As of December 31, 2022, there were no defaulted troubled debt restructured loans, as all troubled debt restructured loans were current with respect to their associated forbearance agreements. For discussion of troubled debt restructured loans see "Note 4 - Loans and Allowance for Loan Losses", within Item 8, Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Mid Penn considers a commercial loan or commercial real estate loan to be impaired when it becomes 90 days or more past due and the collection efforts indicate that receipt of all contractual amounts due is not probable. Impairment may occur before a 90-day or more period of delinquency when it is probable, based upon the facts and circumstances, that Mid Penn will be unable to collect all contractual principal and interest due. This methodology assumes the borrower cannot or will not continue to make additional payments. At that time, the loan would likely be considered collateral dependent as the 
 42 

Table of Contents 
 MID PENN BANCORP, INC. Management s Discussion and Analysis 

 discounted cash flow ("DCF") method would indicate no operating income is available to add to the respective loan s collateral position; therefore, most impaired loans are deemed to be collateral dependent. 
 Mid Penn had loans with an aggregate balance of 8.6 million which were deemed by management to be impaired at December 31, 2022, including 3.7 million in loans from previous acquisitions which were acquired with credit deterioration. Of the 4.9 million of impaired loan relationships excluding the loans acquired with credit deterioration, 2.3 million were commercial real estate relationships, 1.2 million were commercial and industrial relationships, 1.1 million were residential relationships, and 285 thousand were home equity relationships. As of December 31, 2022, there were specific loan loss reserve allocations of 801 thousand against the commercial and industrial relationships, 64 thousand against the commercial real estate relationships and 22 thousand against home equity relationships. Management currently believes that the specific reserves are adequate to cover probable future losses related to these relationships. 
 The allowance for loan losses is maintained at a level believed to be adequate by management to provide for probable losses inherent in the loan portfolio, however, determination of the allowance is inherently subjective, as it requires estimates and consideration of the above-noted qualitative factors which may be susceptible to significant change. Changes in these estimates may impact the provisions charged to expense in future periods. 
 The allocation of the allowance for loan losses are summarized as follows: 
 December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (Dollars in thousands) Amount Amount Amount Commercial and industrial 4,593 24.2 3,439 23.6 3,066 22.9 Commercial real estate 13,142 69.3 9,415 64.5 8,655 64.7 Commercial real estate, construction 0.0 38 0.3 134 1.0 Residential mortgage 658 3.5 459 3.1 429 3.2 Home equity 661 3.5 560 3.8 507 3.8 Consumer 29 0.2 2 0.0 1 0.0 Unallocated (126) 4.6 684 4.6 590 4.4 18,957 100.0 14,597 100.0 13,382 100.0 
 The allowance for loan losses at December 31, 2022 was 19.0 million, or 0.54 of total loans, compared to 14.6 million, or 0.47 of total loans, at December 31, 2021 and 13.4 million, or 0.56 of total loans, at December 31, 2020. The increase in the allowance balance was the result of loan growth during 2022, and one commercial relationship that was downgraded from substandard accrual to substandard non-accrual. Management continues to monitor the portfolio very closely. 
 Management believes, based on information currently available, that the allowance for loan losses of 19.0 million as of December 31, 2022 is adequate to cover specifically identifiable loan losses, as well as estimated losses inherent in our portfolio for which certain losses are probable but not specifically identifiable. See also the discussion in the "Provision for Loan Losses" section and see "Note 1- Summary of Significant Accounting Policies " , within Item 8, Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding the allowance for loan losses. 
 
 Deposits and Other Funding Sources 
 Mid Penn's primary source of funds are retail deposits from businesses, public funds depositors, and consumers in its market area. For the year ended December 31, 2022, deposits totaled 3.8 billion, a decrease of 223.7 million, or 5.6 . The decrease was primarily due to the strategic decision to allow higher cost time deposits obtained through the Riverview Acquisition to run-off during the year. 

43 

Table of Contents 
 MID PENN BANCORP, INC. Management s Discussion and Analysis 

 Average balances and average interest rates applicable to deposits by major classification for the years ended December 31: 
 2022 2021 Change (Dollars in thousands) Balance Rate Balance Rate Noninterest-bearing demand deposits 848,991 0.00 684,022 0.00 164,969 24.12 Interest-bearing demand deposits 1,051,605 0.37 688,595 0.34 363,010 52.72 Money market 1,040,762 0.51 842,107 0.37 198,655 23.59 Savings 355,229 0.05 218,546 0.11 136,683 62.54 Time 524,944 0.92 451,277 1.24 73,667 16.32 3,821,531 0.37 2,884,547 0.39 936,984 32.48 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, uninsured deposits were approximately 1.6 billion compared to 1.4 billion as of December 31, 2021. The maturities of the uninsured time deposits as of December 31, 2022 were as follows: 
 (In thousands) 2022 Three months or less 17,159 Over three months to six months 25,793 Over six months to twelve months 50,348 Over twelve months 26,004 119,304 
 Short-term borrowings as of December 31, 2022 totaled 102.6 million and consisted of FHLB overnight borrowings. Mid Penn had no short-term borrowings as of December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2022, the Bank had long-term debt outstanding in the amount of 4.4 million compared to 81.3 million as of December 31, 2021. The Bank paid off 76.5 million of FHLB fixed rate advances during 2022. 
 Subordinated debt and trust preferred securities totaled 56.9 million as of December 31, 2022 compared to 74.3 million as of December 31, 2021. On August 8, 2022 Mid Penn redeemed 7.5 million aggregate principal amount of subordinated debt that was in the seventh year since issuance; as such, 60 of the principal balance of the notes would have been treated as Tier 2 capital for regulatory capital purposes as of December 31, 2022. In December of 2022, Mid Penn also redeemed the 9.3 million in subordinated debentures assumed as a result of the Riverview Acquisition. For details on the remaining subordinated debt, see "Note 11 - Subordinated Debt and Trust Preferred Securities " , within Item 8, Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Shareholders' Equity and Capital 
 Shareholders' equity, or capital, is evaluated in relation to total assets and the risk associated with those assets. The detailed computation of Mid Penn s regulatory capital ratios can be found in "Note 17 - Regulatory Matters " , within Item 8, Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. The greater the Corporation s capital resources, the more likely it is to meet its cash obligations and absorb unforeseen losses. Capital management practices have been, and will continue to be, of paramount importance to the Corporation in support of both its regulatory capital requirements and its shareholders. 
 Shareholders equity increased 22.0 million, or 4.5 , to 512.1 million as of December 31, 2022 from 490.1 million as of December 31, 2021, primarily as result of net income and restricted stock activity partially offset by a 19.4 million increase in accumulated comprehensive loss, dividends declared of 12.7 million and share repurchases totaling 3.0 million. 
 For details on the change in shareholders' equity for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020 refer to the "Capital Resources" section of the Management's Discussion and Analysis in the Corporation's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. 
 44 

Table of Contents 
 MID PENN BANCORP, INC. Management s Discussion and Analysis 

 Mid Penn maintained regulatory capital levels, leverage ratios, and risk-based capital ratios as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, as follows: 
 2022 2021 Regulatory Minimum for Capital Adequacy Total Risk-Based Capital (to Risk-Weighted Assets) 13.19 14.60 10.50 Tier I Risk-Based Capital (to Risk-Weighted Assets) 11.18 12.00 8.50 Common Equity Tier I (to Risk-Weighted Assets) 11.18 11.70 7.00 Tier I Leverage Capital (to Average Assets) 9.57 8.10 4.00 
 (1) Minimum amounts and ratios include the full phase in of the capital conservation buffer of 2.5 required by the BASEL III framework. 
 Regulatory capital ratios for both Mid Penn and the Bank exceeded regulatory "well-capitalized" levels at both December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 
 Liquidity 
 Mid Penn's asset-liability management policy addresses the management of Mid Penn's liquidity position and its ability to raise sufficient funds to meet deposit withdrawals, fund loan growth and meet other operational needs. In addition to its cash and equivalents, Mid Penn utilizes its investments as a source of liquidity, along with deposit growth and increases in borrowings. For additional information, see "Deposits and Other Funding Sources", which appears earlier in this discussion. Liquidity from investments is provided primarily through investment calls, sales of AFS securities, prepayments on mortgage-backed securities, and from investments and interest-bearing balances with maturities of one year or less. 
 The Bank can obtain funds from overnight borrowings, short-term borrowings, and long-term borrowings from the FHLB, up to the Bank s maximum borrowing capacity with the FHLB, which was 1.6 billion at December 31, 2022. FHLB borrowings require the Bank to make certain restricted stock purchases in accordance with FHLB requirements. Borrowings with the FHLB are collateralized by certain qualifying loans and investment securities of the Bank. The Bank also has unused lines of credit with other correspondent banks amounting to 35.0 million at December 31, 2022. 
 Major sources of cash in 2022 came from the increase in short-term borrowings and net income. Short-term borrowings were used to help fund the loan growth. Major uses of cash in 2022 were the increase in the loan portfolio, purchase of investment securities, long-term debt repayment, subordinated debt redemption and trust preferred securities redemption. The consolidated statements of cash flow provide additional information. 
 
 Contractual Obligations 
 Mid Penn has substantial aggregate contractual obligations to make future cash payments as of December 31, 2022 as outlined below: 
 Total Payments Due by Period (Dollars in thousands) One Year or Less One to Three Years Three to Five Years More than Five Years Operating lease obligations 10,739 2,170 3,905 2,351 2,313 Finance lease obligation 4,461 217 511 520 3,213 Certificates of deposit 664,600 442,424 189,572 28,226 4,378 Long-term debt 1,323 339 720 260 4 Subordinated debt 56,941 56,941 738,064 445,150 194,708 31,357 66,849 
 45 

Table of Contents 
 MID PENN BANCORP, INC. Management s Discussion and Analysis 

 Details on expected maturities of investments, loans and deposits are presented in the above sections of Management's Discussion and Analysis. We are not aware of any other commitments or contingent liabilities which may have a material adverse impact on Mid Penn s liquidity or capital resources. 
 
 Effects of Inflation 
 A bank's asset and liability structure is substantially different from that of an industrial company in that virtually all assets and liabilities of a bank are monetary in nature. Management believes the impact of inflation on its financial results depends principally upon Mid Penn's ability to measure its sensitivity to changes in interest rates and to take appropriate actions, as needed or controllable by the Bank, to mitigate the impacts of inflation on performance. Interest rates do not necessarily move in the same direction or at the same magnitude as the prices of other goods and services. As discussed previously, management seeks to manage the relationship between interest sensitive assets and liabilities in order to protect against wide interest rate fluctuations, including those resulting from inflation. 
 Information included elsewhere in this report will assist in the understanding of how Mid Penn is positioned to react to changing interest rates and inflationary trends. In particular, the previously discussed risk factors, the composition of and yields on loans and investments, and the composition and costs of deposits and other interest-bearing liabilities, should be considered. 
 
 Off-Balance Sheet Risk 
 Mid Penn makes contractual commitments to extend credit and extends lines of credit, which are subject to Mid Penn's credit approval and monitoring procedures. As of December 31, 2022, commitments to extend credit amounted to 1.0 billion compared to 930.7 million as of December 31, 2021. 
 Mid Penn also issues standby letters of credit to its customers. The risk associated with standby letters of credit is essentially the same as the credit risk involved in loan extensions to customers. Standby letters of credit increased to 57.2 million at December 31, 2022, from 55.6 million at December 31, 2021. 
 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 As a financial institution, Mid Penn s primary source of market risk is interest rate risk. Interest rate risk is the exposure to fluctuations in Mid Penn s future earnings (earnings at risk) resulting from changes in interest rates. This exposure or sensitivity is a function of the repricing characteristics of Mid Penn's portfolio of assets and liabilities. Each asset and liability reprices either at maturity or during the life of the instrument. Interest rate sensitivity is measured as the difference between the volume of assets and liabilities that are subject to repricing in a future period of time. 
 The principal purpose of asset-liability management is to maximize current and future net interest income within acceptable levels of interest rate risk while satisfying liquidity and capital requirements. Net interest income is increased by increasing the net interest margin and by volume growth. Thus, the goal of interest rate risk management is to maintain a balance between risk and reward such that net interest income is maximized while risk is maintained at an acceptable level. 
 Mid Penn utilizes an asset-liability management model to measure the impact of interest rate movements on its interest rate sensitivity position. Mid Penn s management also reviews the traditional maturity gap analysis regularly. Mid Penn does not always attempt to achieve an exact match between interest sensitive assets and liabilities because it believes that an actively managed amount of interest rate risk is inherent and appropriate in the management of Mid Penn s profitability. 
 Modeling techniques and simulation analysis involve assumptions and estimates that inherently cannot be measured with complete precision. Key assumptions in the analyses include maturity and repricing characteristics of assets and liabilities, prepayments on amortizing assets, non-maturing deposit sensitivity, and loan and deposit pricing. These assumptions are inherently uncertain due to the timing, magnitude and frequency of rate changes and changes in market conditions and management strategies, among other factors. However, the analyses are useful in quantifying risk and provide a relative gauge of Mid Penn s interest rate risk position over time. 
 Management reviews interest rate risk on a quarterly basis. This analysis includes earnings scenarios whereby interest rates are increased by 100, 200, 300, and 400 bp and decreased by 100 bp. These scenarios, detailed in the table below, indicate that Mid Penn would experience enhanced net interest income over a one-year time frame due to upward interest rate changes, while a reduction in interest rates would result in a decline in net interest income over a one-year time frame; 
 46 

however, actual results could vary significantly from the calculations prepared by management. At December 31, 2022, all interest rate risk levels according to the model were within the tolerance limits of the Board-approved policy. 
 The following table reflects the effect of hypothetical changes in interest rates: 
 Change in Basis Points Change in Net Interest Income Policy Risk Limit 400 0.24 -25 300 0.21 -20 200 0.20 -15 100 0.13 -10 (100) 1.83 -10 
 47 

Table of Contents 
 MID PENN BANCORP, INC. 

 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 The following audited financial statements are set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K on the following pages: 
 Index to Financial Statements Management Report on Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting 
 49 
 Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms 
 50 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 53 
 Consolidated Statements of Income 
 54 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 55 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders' Equity 
 56 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 57 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 59 
 
 48 

Table of Contents 
 MID PENN BANCORP, INC. 

 Management Report on Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting 
 The Corporation carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of the Corporation s management, including the Corporation s Chief Executive Officer and Interim Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of its disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in SEC Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e). Based upon the evaluation, the Corporation s Chief Executive Officer and Interim Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, the Corporation s disclosure controls and procedures are effective. Disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the Corporation s reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. 
 The management of the Corporation is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. The Corporation s internal control system is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness of future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Management assessed the effectiveness of the Corporation s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, using the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013). Based on this assessment, management concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, the Corporation s internal control over financial reporting is effective based on those criteria. 
 The effectiveness of the Corporation s internal control over financial reporting has been audited by RSM US LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which is included herein. 
 /s/ Rory G. Ritrievi /s/ Allison S. Johnson Rory G. Ritrievi Allison S. Johnson President and Chief Financial Officer Chief Executive Officer March 16, 2023 March 16, 2023 
 49 

Table of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Mid Penn Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Mid Penn Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in shareholders' equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes to the consolidated financial statements (collectively, the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in 2013, and our report dated March 16, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to an account or disclosure that is material and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Allowance for Loan Losses Qualitative Factors 
 The allowance for loan losses as of December 31, 2022 was 19.0 million. As described in Notes 1 and 4 to the financial statements, the allowance for loan losses is established through a provision for loan loss and represents an amount which, in management s judgement, will be adequate to absorb losses on existing loans. 
 
 The allowance for loan losses consists of specific and general components in the amounts of 0.9 million and 18.1 million, respectively. The specific component relates to loans that are classified as impaired. For loans that are classified as impaired, an allowance is established when the discounted cash flows, collateral value, or observable market price of the impaired loan is lower than the carrying value of that loan. The general component covers pools of loans by class including commercial loans not considered impaired, as well as smaller balance homogeneous loans, such as residential real estate, home equity and other consumer loans. These pools of loans are evaluated for loss exposure based upon historical loss rates for each of these categories of loans, adjusted for qualitative factors. These qualitative risk factors include changes in economic conditions, fluctuations in loan quality measures, changes in collateral values, changes in the experience of the lending staff and loan review systems, changes in lending policies and procedures (including underwriting standards), changes in the mix and volume of loans originated, the effect of other external factors, such as competition and legal and regulatory requirements on the level of estimated credit losses in the existing loan portfolio, shifting industry or portfolio 
 50 

Table of Contents 

concentrations, and other relevant factors. The evaluation of the qualitative factor adjustments requires a significant amount of judgement by management and involves a high degree of subjectivity. 
 
 We identified the qualitative factor component of the allowance for loan losses as a critical audit matter as auditing the underlying qualitative factors required significant auditor judgment as the estimate determined by management is highly subjective and sensitive to changes in management assumptions. 
 
 Our audit procedures related to the qualitative factors included the following, among others: 
 We obtained an understanding of the relevant controls related to management s assessment and review of the qualitative factors, and tested such controls for design and operating effectiveness, including controls over management s establishment, review and approval of the qualitative factors and the data used in determining the qualitative factors. 
 We obtained an understanding of how management developed the estimates and related assumptions, including: 
 Testing completeness and accuracy of key data inputs used in forming assumptions or calculations and testing the reliability of the underlying data on which these factors are based by comparing information to source documents and external information sources. 
 Evaluating the reasonableness of the qualitative factors established by management as compared to the underlying internal or external information sources. 

/s/ RSM US LLP 
 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2020. 
 
 Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 
 March 16, 2023 

51 

Table of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Mid Penn Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Opinion on the Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited Mid Penn Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiaries' (the Company) internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in 2013. In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in 2013. 
 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements of the Company and our report dated March 16, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting in the accompanying Management Report on Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ RSM US LLP 
 
 Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 
 March 16, 2023 
 52 

Table of Contents 
 MID PENN BANCORP, INC. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 

December 31, (In thousands, except per share data) 2022 2021 ASSETS Cash and due from banks Interest-bearing balances with other financial institutions Federal funds sold Total cash and cash equivalents Investment securities: Held to maturity, at amortized cost (fair value and 
 Available for sale, at fair value Equity securities available for sale, at fair value Loans held for sale, at fair value Loans, net of unearned interest Less: Allowance for loan losses ) ) Net loans Premises and equipment, net Bank premises and equipment held for sale Operating lease right of use asset Finance lease right of use asset Cash surrender value of life insurance Restricted investment in bank stocks Accrued interest receivable Deferred income taxes Goodwill Core deposit and other intangibles, net Foreclosed assets held for sale Other assets Total Assets LIABILITIES SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY Deposits: Noninterest-bearing demand Interest-bearing transaction accounts Time Total Deposits Short-term borrowings Long-term debt Subordinated debt and trust preferred securities Operating lease liability Accrued interest payable Other liabilities Total Liabilities Shareholders' Equity: Common stock, par value ; shares authorized; issued at December 31, 2022 and at December 31, 2021; outstanding at December 31, 2022 and at December 31, 2021 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income ) Treasury Stock, at cost; and shares at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 ) ) Total Shareholders Equity Total Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 53 

Table of Contents 
 MID PENN BANCORP, INC. 
 Consolidated Statements of Income 

Years Ended December 31, (In thousands, except per share data) 2022 2021 2020 INTEREST INCOME Loans, including fees Investment securities: Taxable Tax-exempt Other interest-bearing balances Federal funds sold Total Interest Income INTEREST EXPENSE Deposits Short-term borrowings Long-term and subordinated debt Total Interest Expense Net Interest Income PROVISION FOR LOAN LOSSES Net Interest Income After Provision for Loan Losses NONINTEREST INCOME Fiduciary and wealth management ATM debit card interchange Service charges on deposits Mortgage banking Mortgage hedging Net gain on sales of SBA loans Earnings from cash surrender value of life insurance Net gain on sales of investment activities Other Total Noninterest Income NONINTEREST EXPENSE Salaries and employee benefits Software licensing and utilization Occupancy, net Equipment Shares tax Legal and professional fees ATM/card processing Intangible amortization FDIC Assessment Charitable contributions qualifying for State tax credits Mortgage banking profit-sharing (Gain) loss on sale or write-down of foreclosed assets, net ) ) Merger and acquisition Post-acquisition restructuring Other Total Noninterest Expense INCOME BEFORE PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES Provision for income taxes NET INCOME AVAILABLE TO COMMON SHAREHOLDERS PER COMMON SHARE DATA: Basic Earnings Per Common Share Diluted Earnings Per Common Share Weighted-average basic shares outstanding Weighted-average diluted shares outstanding 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements 
 54 

Table of Contents 
 MID PENN BANCORP, INC. 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 

Years ended December 31, (In Thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Net income Other comprehensive (loss) income: Unrealized (losses) gains arising during the period on available for sale securities, net of income tax benefit (cost) of , and ), respectively (1) 
 ) ) Reclassification adjustment for net gain on sales of available-for-sale securities included in net income, net of income tax benefit of , and , respectively (1), (2) 
 ) ) Change in defined benefit plans, net of income tax benefit (cost) of , and , respectively (1), (3) 
 ) ) Reclassification adjustment for settlement gains and activity related to benefit plans, net of income tax benefit , and , respectively (1), (4) 
 ) ) ) Total other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) Total comprehensive income 
 (1) 
 (2) 
 (3) 
 (4) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 55 

Table of Contents 
 MID PENN BANCORP, INC. 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity 

Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income Treasury Stock Total Shareholders' Equity (In thousands, except per share data) Shares Amount Balance, January 1, 2020 Net income Total other comprehensive loss, net of taxes ) ) Common stock cash dividends declared - per share 
 ) ) Repurchased stock shares) 
 ) ) Employee Stock Purchase Plan Director Stock Purchase Plan Restricted stock activity Balance, December 31, 2020 ) ) Net income Total other comprehensive income, net of taxes Common stock cash dividends declared - per share 
 ) ) Common shares issued through follow-on public offering, net of underwriting discounts and offering expenses (1) 
 Common stock issued to Riverview shareholders (2) 
 Repurchased stock shares) 
 ) ) Employee Stock Purchase Plan Director Stock Purchase Plan Restricted stock activity Balance, December 31, 2021 ) Net income Total other comprehensive loss, net of taxes ) ) Common stock cash dividends declared - per share 
 ) ) Riverview restricted stock (3) 
 Repurchased stock shares) 
 ) ) Employee Stock Purchase Plan Director Stock Purchase Plan Restricted stock activity Balance, December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 
 (1) million. 
 (2) 
 (3) shares of restricted stock were paid out in cash resulting in thousand of cash consideration relating to stock awards. 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 

56 

Table of Contents 
 MID PENN BANCORP, INC. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

(In thousands) Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Operating Activities: Net Income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Provision for loan losses Depreciation Amortization of intangibles Net amortization of security discounts/premiums Noncash operating lease expense Operating right of use asset abandonment Amortization of finance lease right of use asset Loss (gain) on sales of investment securities ) ) Earnings on cash surrender value of life insurance ) ) ) Mortgage loans originated for sale ) ) ) Proceeds from sales of mortgage loans originated for sale Gain on sale of mortgage loans ) ) ) SBA loans originated for sale ) ) ) Proceeds from sales of SBA loans originated for sale Gain on sale of SBA loans ) ) ) (Gain) loss on disposal or write-down of property, plant, and equipment ) ) (Gain) loss on sale or write-down of foreclosed assets ) ) Gain on sale of bank premises and equipment held for sale ) Write-off of bank premises and equipment held for sale Accretion of subordinated debt ) Stock compensation expense Deferred income tax benefit ) Fair value adjustment on equity investments Loss on sale of premises and equipment held for sale (Increase) decrease accrued interest receivable ) ) Increase in other assets ) ) ) Increase (decrease) in accrued interest payable ) ) Decrease in operating lease liability ) ) ) Increase in other liabilities Net Cash Provided By Operating Activities Investing Activities: Proceeds from the sale of available-for-sale securities Proceeds from the maturity or call of available-for-sale securities Purchases of available-for-sale securities ) ) ) Proceeds from the maturity or call of held-to-maturity securities Purchases of held-to-maturity securities ) ) ) Stock dividends of FHLB and other bank stock Reduction (purchases) of restricted investment in bank stock ) Net cash (paid) received from acquisition ) Net (increase) decrease in loans ) ) Purchases of bank premises and equipment ) ) ) Proceeds from the sale of premises and equipment Proceeds from the sale of foreclosed assets Net cash paid on branch sale ) Net Cash (Used In) Provided by Investing Activities ) ) Financing Activities: Net (decrease) increase in deposits ) Proceeds from long-term debt 
 57 

Table of Contents 
 MID PENN BANCORP, INC. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

Common stock dividends paid ) ) ) Proceeds from Employee and Director Stock Purchase Plan stock issuance Proceeds from follow-on common stock public offering (1) 
 Treasury stock purchased ) ) ) Riverview restricted stock (2) 
 Net change in finance lease liability ) ) ) Net change in short-term borrowings ) Long-term debt repayment ) ) ) Subordinated debt redemption and trust preferred securities ) ) ) Subordinated debt issuance Net Cash (Used In) Provided By Financing Activities ) Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents, end of period Supplemental Disclosures of Cash Flow Information: Cash paid for interest Cash paid for income taxes Supplemental Noncash Disclosures: Recognition of operating lease right of use assets Recognition of operating lease liabilities Obsolete Riverview asset write-off Loans transferred to foreclosed assets held for sale Common Stock issued to Riverview shareholders Dividends declared and not paid before year-end Carrying value of assets sold in branch sale Liabilities assigned in branch sale Fair value of assets acquired in business combination, excluding cash (3) 
 Goodwill recorded Goodwill measurement period adjustment Liabilities assumed in business combination 
 (1) million. 
 (2) shares of restricted stock were paid out in cash resulting in thousand of cash consideration relating to stock awards. 
 (3) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 58 

Table of Contents 
 MID PENN BANCORP, INC. 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 Note 1 - 
 reportable segment for financial reporting purposes. All material intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 
 On November 30, 2021, Mid Penn completed its acquisition of Riverview Financial Corporation ("Riverview"), pursuant to the previously announced Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of June 30, 2021. On November 30, 2021, Riverview was merged with and into Mid Penn, with Mid Penn being the surviving corporation ("Riverview Acquisition"). See "Note 2 - Business Combinations" , as well as the Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 1, 2021, for more information. 
 The comparability of Mid Penn s results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, in general, has been materially impacted by this acquisition, as further described in "Note 2 - Business Combinations", as well as events and legislation related to the Novel Coronavirus pandemic ("COVID-19") in 2021 and 2020. Certain amounts have been reclassified in the 2021 and 2020 Consolidated Financial Statements to conform to the 2022 presentation. Such reclassifications had no impact on net income or total shareholders equity. In the opinion of management, all adjustments necessary for fair presentation of the periods presented have been reflected in the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements. All such adjustments are of a normal, recurring nature. 
 Mid Penn has evaluated subsequent events for potential recognition and/or disclosure through the date these consolidated financial statements were issued. 
 The accounting and reporting policies of Mid Penn conform with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ("GAAP") and to general practice within the financial industry. Following is a description of the more significant accounting policies. 
 
 59 

Table of Contents 
 MID PENN BANCORP, INC. 

As of both December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was cash reserve balances required to be maintained at the Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia because the Bank had sufficient vault cash available. 
 60 

Table of Contents 
 MID PENN BANCORP, INC. 

 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, Mid Penn s equity securities consisted of Community Reinvestment Act funds totaling thousand and thousand, respectively. equity securities were sold during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 Federal Home Loan Bank ("FHLB") and Atlantic Community Bankers' Bank ("ACBB") Stock - The Bank is a member of the FHLB and the ACBB and is required to maintain an investment in the stock of the FHLB and ACBB. No market exists for these stocks, and the Bank s investment can be liquidated only through redemption by the FHLB or ACBB, at the discretion of and subject to conditions imposed by the FHLB and ACBB. Historically, FHLB and ACBB stock redemptions have been at cost (par value), which equals the Corporation s carrying value. The Corporation monitors its investment in FHLB and ACBB stock for impairment through review of recent financial results of the FHLB and ACBB including capital adequacy and liquidity position, dividend payment history, redemption history and information from credit agencies. The Corporation has not identified any indicators of impairment of FHLB or ACBB stock. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 dividends received from the FHLB totaled thousand, thousand, and thousand respectively. 
 Investment in Limited Partnership - Mid Penn is a limited partner in a partnership that provides low-income housing in Enola, Pennsylvania. The carrying value of Mid Penn s investment in the limited partnership was thousand at December 31, 2022 and thousand at December 31, 2021, net of amortization, using the straight-line method and is reported in other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Mid Penn s maximum exposure to loss is limited to the carrying value of its investment. 
 Mid Penn also owns a limited partnership interest in a low-income housing project to construct apartments and common amenities in Dauphin County, Pennsylvania. The total investment in this limited partnership, net of amortization, was million and million on December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, and was included in the reported balance of other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. All of the units qualified for Federal Low-Income Housing Tax Credits ("LIHTCs") as provided for in Section 42 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. Mid Penn s limited partner capital contribution commitment is million, and the investment was fully funded within a period beginning in 2018 and ending during the first quarter of 2021. The investment in the limited partnership is reported in other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheet and is being amortized over a period using the cost amortization method which began upon commencement of operations of the facility in December 2019. The project was formally awarded million in total LIHTCs by the Pennsylvania Housing Finance Agency, which will be recognized over the period from December 2019 through November 2029. Mid Penn received low-income housing tax credits related to this project of thousand for both tax years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 and thousand for the tax year ended December 31, 2020. 
 61 

Table of Contents 
 MID PENN BANCORP, INC. 

 62 

Table of Contents 
 MID PENN BANCORP, INC. 

 million and billion as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Determining the fair value of acquired loans involves estimating the amount and timing of principal and interest cash flows expected to be collected on the loans and discounting those cash flows at a market rate of interest. 
 Loans acquired with credit deterioration are accounted for under ASC 310-30, Loans and Debt Securities Acquired with Deteriorated Credit Quality . For these loans, the excess of cash flows expected at acquisition over the estimated fair value is referred to as the accretable discount and is recognized into interest income over the remaining life of the loan. The difference between contractually required payments at acquisition and the cash flows expected to be collected at acquisition is referred to as the nonaccretable discount. The nonaccretable discount includes estimated future credit losses expected to be incurred over the life of the loan. Subsequent decreases to the expected cash flows will require Mid Penn to evaluate the need for an additional allowance. Subsequent improvement in expected cash flows will result in the reversal of a corresponding amount of the nonaccretable discount which Mid Penn will then reclassify as accretable discount that will be recognized into interest income over the remaining life of the loan. 
 Loans acquired through business combinations that meet the specific criteria of ASC 310-30 are individually evaluated each period to analyze expected cash flows. To the extent that the expected cash flows of a loan have decreased due to credit deterioration, Mid Penn establishes an allowance. 
 Loans acquired through business combinations that do not meet the specific criteria of ASC 310-30 are accounted for under ASC 310-20. These loans are initially recorded at fair value and include credit and interest rate marks associated with acquisition accounting adjustments. Purchase premiums or discounts are subsequently amortized as an adjustment to yield, using the level yield method, over the estimated contractual lives of the loans. There is no allowance for loan losses established at the acquisition date for acquired performing loans. An allowance for loan losses is recorded for any credit deterioration in these loans subsequent to acquisition. 
 Acquired loans that met the criteria for impaired or non-accrual of interest prior to the acquisition may be considered performing upon acquisition, regardless of whether the customer is contractually delinquent, if Mid Penn expects to fully collect the new carrying value (i.e. fair value) of the loans established at the time of acquisition. As such, Mid Penn may no longer consider the loan to be non-accrual or non-performing at the date of acquisition and may accrue interest on these loans, including the impact of any accretable discount. In addition, charge-offs on such loans would be first applied to the nonaccretable difference portion of the fair value adjustment. 
 Non-accrual Loans - The Corporation classifies loans as past due when the payment of principal or interest is greater than 30 days delinquent based on the contractual next payment due date. The Corporation s policies related to when loans are placed on non-accrual status conform to guidelines prescribed by regulatory authorities. Loans are placed on non-accrual status when it is probable that principal or interest is not fully collectible, or generally when principal or interest becomes 90 days past due, whichever occurs first. When loans are placed on non-accrual status, interest receivable is reversed against interest income in the current period and amortization of any discount ceases. Interest payments received thereafter are applied as a reduction to the remaining principal balance unless management believes that the ultimate collection of the principal is likely, in which case payments are recognized in earnings on a cash basis. Loans are removed from non-accrual status when they become current as to both principal and interest and the collectability of principal and interest is no longer doubtful. 
 Generally, a non-accrual loan that is restructured remains on non-accrual for a reasonable period of time (generally, at least nine consecutive months) to demonstrate the borrower can meet the restructured terms. However, performance prior to the restructuring, or significant events that coincide with the restructuring, are considered in assessing whether the borrower can meet the new terms and may result in the loan being returned to accrual status after a shorter performance period. If the borrower s ability to meet the revised payment schedule is not reasonably assured, the loan remains classified as a non-accrual loan. 
 Troubled Debt Restructuring ("TDR") - In certain situations, due to economic or legal reasons related to a borrower s financial difficulties, the Corporation may grant a concession to the borrower for other than an insignificant period of time that it would not otherwise consider. At that time, the related loan is classified as a TDR and considered impaired. The concessions granted may include rate reductions, principal forgiveness, payment forbearance, extensions of maturity at 
 63 

Table of Contents 
 MID PENN BANCORP, INC. 

 thousand and thousand at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 The allowance is increased by the provision for loan losses, and decreased by charge-offs, net of recoveries. Loans deemed to be uncollectible are charged off to the allowance, and subsequent recoveries, if any, are credited to the allowance. All, or part, of the principal balance of loans are charged off to the allowance as soon as it is determined that the repayment of all, or part, of the principal balance is highly unlikely. Non-residential consumer loans are generally charged off no later than days past due on a contractual basis, or earlier in the event of bankruptcy or if there is an amount deemed uncollectible. Because all identified losses are immediately charged off, no portion of the allowance for loan losses is restricted to any individual loan or groups of loans, and the entire allowance is available to absorb any and all loan losses. 
 The allowance is maintained at a level considered by management to be adequate to provide for losses that can be reasonably anticipated. Management performs a monthly evaluation of the adequacy of the allowance. The allowance is based on Mid Penn s past loan loss experience, known and inherent risks in the portfolio, adverse situations that may affect the borrower s ability to repay, the estimated value of any underlying collateral, composition of the loan portfolio, current economic conditions, and other relevant factors. This evaluation is inherently subjective, as it requires material estimates that may be susceptible to significant revision as more information becomes available. 
 The allowance consists of specific, general and unallocated components. The specific component relates to loans that are classified as impaired. For loans that are classified as impaired, an allowance is established when the discounted cash flows, collateral value, or observable market price of the impaired loan is lower than the carrying value of that loan. 
 The general component covers pools of loans by loan class including commercial loans not considered impaired, as well as smaller balance homogeneous loans, such as residential real estate, home equity and other consumer loans. These pools of loans are evaluated for loss exposure based upon historical loss rates for each of these categories of loans, adjusted for qualitative factors. These qualitative risk factors include changes in economic conditions, fluctuations in loan quality measures, changes in collateral values, changes in the experience of the lending staff and loan review systems, changes in lending policies and procedures (including underwriting standards), changes in the mix and volume of loans originated, the effect of other external factors, such as competition and legal and regulatory requirements on the level of estimated credit losses in the existing loan portfolio, shifting industry or portfolio concentrations, and other relevant factors. 
 Each factor is assigned a value to reflect improving, stable or declining conditions based on management s best judgment using relevant information available at the time of the evaluation. Adjustments to the factors are supported through documentation of changes in conditions and a narrative accompanying the allowance for loan loss calculation. 
 The unallocated component of the allowance for loan losses covers several considerations that are not specifically measurable through either the specific and general components. The unallocated component allocation recognizes the 
 64 

Table of Contents 
 MID PENN BANCORP, INC. 

 65 

Table of Contents 
 MID PENN BANCORP, INC. 

 . Furniture, fixtures, and equipment are depreciated using an estimated useful life of three to . Land improvements are depreciated over an estimated useful life of ten to . Leasehold improvements are depreciated using an estimated useful life that is the lesser of the remaining life of the lease or ten to . Maintenance and normal repairs are charged to expense when incurred, while major additions and improvements are capitalized. Gains and losses on disposals are reflected in . 
 The Corporation reviews the carrying value of long-lived assets and certain identifiable intangibles for impairment whenever events and changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable, as prescribed by ASC Topic 360, "Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets". 
 million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The balance at December 31, 2021 related to the December 7, 2021 announcement of a Retail Network Optimization Plan pursuant to which the Bank announced its intention to close certain retail locations throughout its expanded footprint. The branch closures occurred on about March 4, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, three properties remained for sale. 

66 

Table of Contents 
 MID PENN BANCORP, INC. 

 reporting unit, community banking, which includes the Bank, the Corporation s wholly-owned banking subsidiary. If certain events occur which indicate goodwill might be impaired between annual tests, goodwill must be tested when such events occur. In making this assessment, we consider a number of factors including operating results, business plans, economic projections, anticipated future cash flows, current market data, etc. There are inherent uncertainties related to these factors and our judgment in applying them to the analysis of goodwill impairment. Changes in economic and operating conditions could result in goodwill impairment in future periods. The Bank did not identify any impairment on its outstanding goodwill from its most recent testing, which was performed as of October 31, 2022. 
 Core deposit intangible ("CDI") is a measure of the value of checking and savings deposits acquired in business combinations. The fair value of the CDI stemming from any given business combination is based on the present value of the expected cost savings attributable to the core deposit funding relative to an alternative source of funding. CDI is amortized over the estimated useful lives of the existing deposit relationships acquired, but does not exceed . Significantly all CDI is amortized using the sum of the years digits method. 
 Customer list intangibles are a measure of the the inherent value of certain customer arrangements acquired in business combinations. The fair value of the customer list is based on the income approach which employs a present value analysis, which calculates the expected after-tax cash flow benefits of the net revenues generated by the acquired customers over the expected life of the acquired customers, discounted at a long-term market-oriented after-tax rate of return on investment. The value assigned to the acquired customers represents the future economic benefit from acquiring the customers (net of operating expenses). The customer list is amortized over a projection period, a sufficient time to capture the economic value of the customer list given an assumed customer attrition rate. 
 impairment charges were required for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, or 2020. 
 67 

Table of Contents 
 MID PENN BANCORP, INC. 

68 

Table of Contents 
 MID PENN BANCORP, INC. 

69 

Table of Contents 
 MID PENN BANCORP, INC. 

70 

Table of Contents 
 MID PENN BANCORP, INC. 

 71 

Table of Contents 
 MID PENN BANCORP, INC. 

Note 2 - 
 shares of Mid Penn common stock as merger consideration with an acquisition date fair value of million based on the closing stock price of Mid Penn s common stock on November 30, 2021 of . This exchange ratio did not change as a result of changes in the Mid Penn share price. Additionally, outstanding options at the time of the merger were converted into the right to receive an amount in cash equal to the product obtained by multiplying the aggregate number of shares of Riverview common stock that were issuable upon exercise of each option outstanding, and the closing sale price of Mid Penn s common stock on the fifth (5th) business day prior to the merger closing date multiplied by the exchange ratio, less the per share exercise price of each option 
 72 

Table of Contents 
 MID PENN BANCORP, INC. 

 options outstanding to purchase Riverview common stock and the closing price of Mid Penn common stock was at per share on the fifth business day prior to the merger closing date. Additionally, shares of restricted stock were paid out in cash, resulting in thousand of cash consideration relating to stock awards. Including thousand of cash paid in lieu of fractional shares, the total fair value of consideration paid was million. 
 The assets and liabilities of Riverview were recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheets of Mid Penn at their estimated fair value as of November 30, 2021, and their results of operations have been included in the Consolidated Income Statement of the Corporation since such date. Riverview has been fully integrated into Mid Penn; therefore, the amount of revenue and earnings of Riverview included in the Consolidated Income Statement since the acquisition date is impracticable to provide. 
 The acquisition of Riverview resulted in the recognition and recording of million of goodwill, a core deposit intangible of million, and a customer list intangible of million. The core deposit intangible and customer list intangible will be amortized over a period using a sum of the years digits basis. The goodwill will not be amortized but will be measured annually for impairment or more frequently if circumstances require. See "Note 6 - Goodwill and Intangible Assets," for additional details. 
 73 

Table of Contents 
 MID PENN BANCORP, INC. 

 Investment securities Restricted stock Loans Goodwill Core deposit intangible Customer list intangible Bank owned life insurance Premises and equipment Deferred income taxes Accrued interest receivable Other assets Total assets acquired Liabilities assumed: Deposits: Noninterest-bearing demand Interest-bearing demand Money Market Savings Time Long-term debt Subordinated debt and trust preferred securities Accrued interest payable Other liabilities Total liabilities assumed Consideration paid Cash paid Fair value of common stock issued 
 thousand to account for changes to the deferred income tax asset and current income tax receivable upon the completion of the Riverview final tax return. 
 74 

Table of Contents 
 MID PENN BANCORP, INC. 

 Net assets acquired: Cash and cash equivalents Investment securities Restricted stock Loans Core deposit intangible Customer list intangible Bank owned life insurance Premises and equipment Deferred income taxes Accrued interest receivable Other assets Deposits: Noninterest-bearing demand ) Interest-bearing demand ) Money Market ) Savings ) Time ) Long-term debt ) Subordinated debt and trust preferred securities ) Accrued interest payable ) Other liabilities ) Net assets acquired Goodwill 
 In general, factors contributing to goodwill recognized as a result of the Riverview acquisition included expected cost savings from combined operations, opportunities to expand into several new markets, and growth and profitability potential from the repositioning of short-term investments into higher-yielding loans. The goodwill acquired as a result of the Riverview Acquisition is not tax deductible. 
 The fair value of the financial assets acquired included loans receivable with a net amortized cost basis of million. 
 Market rate adjustment Credit fair value adjustment on pools of homogeneous loans ) Credit fair value adjustment on impaired loans ) Fair value of purchased loans at November 30, 2021 
 75 

Table of Contents 
 MID PENN BANCORP, INC. 

 Contractual cash flows not expected to be collected (nonaccretable discount) ) Expected cash flows at acquisition Interest component of expected cash flows (accretable discount) ) Fair value of acquired loans 
 The following table presents pro forma information as if the merger between Mid Penn and Riverview had been completed on January 1, 2020. The pro forma information does not necessarily reflect the results of operations that would have occurred had Mid Penn merged with Riverview at the beginning of 2020. The supplemental pro forma earnings for the year ended December 31, 2020 exclude million of merger related costs incurred by Mid Penn in 2021 related to the Riverview acquisition, and goodwill impairment of million recognized by Riverview in 2020. The pro forma financial information does not include the impact of possible business model changes, nor does it consider any potential impacts of current market conditions or revenues, expense efficiencies, or other factors. 
 Noninterest income Noninterest expense Net income Net income per common share 
 
 Managing Partners, Inc. ("MPI Acquisition") 
 On December 30, 2022, Mid Penn purchased the assets of Managing Partners, Inc. in a business combination. Managing Partners Insurance was an independent insurance agency that serviced the Central Pennsylvania area. Goodwill totaling thousand and a customer list with a fair market value of thousand were booked as a result of this business combination. See "Note 6 - Goodwill and Intangible Assets," for additional details. 
 Brunswick Bancorp Acquisition ("Brunswick Acquisition") 
 On December 20, 2022, Mid Penn entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger ("Merger Agreement") with Brunswick Bancorp ("Brunswick") pursuant to which Brunswick will merge with and into Mid Penn ("Merger"), with Mid Penn being the surviving corporation in the Merger. Upon consummation of the Merger, Brunswick Bank and Trust Company, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Brunswick, will be merged with and into Mid Penn Bank ("Bank Merger"), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Mid Penn, with Mid Penn Bank being the surviving bank in the Bank Merger. The Merger Agreement was unanimously approved by the boards of directors of Mid Penn and Brunswick. See "Form 8-K filed on December 20, 2022," for additional details. 
 
 Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, shareholders of Brunswick will have the right to elect to receive, subject to adjustment and proration as described in the Merger Agreement, either (A) shares of Mid Penn common stock or (B) Eighteen Dollars for each share of Brunswick common stock they own. It is expected that the Merger will be completed in the second quarter of 2023. 
 
 76 

Table of Contents 
 MID PENN BANCORP, INC. 

Note 3 - 
 Mortgage-backed U.S. government agencies State and political subdivision obligations Corporate debt securities Total available-for-sale debt securities Held-to-maturity debt securities: U.S. Treasury and U.S. government agencies Mortgage-backed U.S. government agencies State and political subdivision obligations Corporate debt securities Total held-to-maturity debt securities Total 
 (In thousands) Amortized Cost Unrealized Gains Unrealized Losses Fair Value 2021 Available-for-sale debt securities: Mortgage-backed U.S. government agencies State and political subdivision obligations Corporate debt securities Total available-for-sale debt securities Held-to-maturity debt securities: U.S. Treasury and U.S. government agencies Mortgage-backed U.S. government agencies State and political subdivision obligations Corporate debt securities Total held-to-maturity debt securities Total 
 Estimated fair values of debt securities are based on quoted market prices, where applicable. If quoted market prices are not available, fair values are based on quoted market prices of comparable instruments, adjusted for differences between the quoted instruments and the instruments being valued. See "Note 13 - Fair Value Measurement " , for more information on the fair value of investment securities. 
 Investment securities having a fair value of million at December 31, 2022, and million at December 31, 2021, were pledged primarily to secure public fund deposits. Mid Penn also obtains letters of credit from the Federal Home Loan Bank of Pittsburgh ("FHLB") to secure certain public fund deposits of municipality and school district customers who agree to use of the FHLB letters of credit. These FHLB letter of credit commitments totaled million as of December 31, 2022 and million as of December 31, 2021. 
 77 

Table of Contents 
 MID PENN BANCORP, INC. 

 Mortgage-backed U.S. government agencies State and political subdivision obligations Corporate debt securities Total available-for-sale debt securities Held-to-maturity debt securities: U.S. Treasury and U.S. government agencies Mortgage-backed U.S. government agencies State and political subdivision obligations Corporate debt securities Total held-to-maturity debt securities Total 
 (Dollars in thousands) Less Than 12 Months 12 Months or More Total December 31, 2021 Number of Securities Fair Value Unrealized Losses Number of Securities Fair Value Unrealized Losses Number of Securities Fair Value Unrealized Losses Available-for-sale securities: U.S. government agencies State and political subdivision obligations Corporate debt securities Total available-for-sale securities Held-to-maturity securities: U.S. Treasury and U.S. government agencies Mortgage-backed U.S. government agencies State and political subdivision obligations Corporate debt securities Total held to maturity securities Total 
 Management evaluates securities for other-than-temporary impairment at least on quarterly basis, and more frequently when economic or market concerns warrant such evaluation. Consideration is given to the length of time and the extent to which the fair value has been less than cost, and the financial condition and near-term prospects of the issuer. In addition, for debt securities, Mid Penn considers whether management has the intent to sell the security, it is more likely than not that management will be required to sell the security prior to its anticipated recovery, and whether management expects to recover the entire amortized cost basis. For equity securities, management considers the intent and ability to hold securities until recovery of unrealized losses. 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the majority of the unrealized losses on securities in an unrealized loss position were attributable to U.S. Treasury and U.S. government agencies, and mortgage-backed U.S. government agencies. 
 Mid Penn had no securities considered by management to be other-than-temporarily impaired as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, and did not record any securities impairment charges in the respective periods ended on these dates. Mid Penn does not consider the securities with unrealized losses on the respective dates to be other-than-temporarily impaired as the unrealized losses were deemed to be temporary changes in value related to market movements in interest yields at various periods similar to the maturity dates of holdings in the investment portfolio, and not reflective of an erosion of credit quality. 
 78 

Table of Contents 
 MID PENN BANCORP, INC. 

 Gross realized losses ) Net gains 
 Due after 1 year but within 5 years Due after 5 years but within 10 years Due after 10 years Mortgage-backed securities 
 
 Note 4 - 
 million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) rated as "pass" and loans classified as "special mention" and "substandard" within Mid Penn s internal risk rating system are as follows as of December 31: 
 (In thousands) Pass Special Mention Substandard Total 2022 Commercial and industrial Commercial real estate Commercial real estate - construction Residential mortgage Home equity Consumer Total loans 
 (In thousands) Pass Special Mention Substandard Total 2021 Commercial and industrial Commercial real estate Commercial real estate - construction Residential mortgage Home equity Consumer Total loans 
 PPP loans, net of deferred fees, totaling million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively, are included in commercial and industrial loans in the tables above . All PPP loans are fully guaranteed by the SBA; 
 79 

Table of Contents 
 MID PENN BANCORP, INC. 

 million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. During 2022, million of new loans, advances and loans to new related parties were extended and repayments totaled million. None of these loans were past due, in non-accrual status, or restructured at December 31, 2022. 
 Mid Penn had no loans classified as "Doubtful" as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. There was thousand and thousand in loans for which formal foreclosure proceedings were in process at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Commercial real estate Commercial real estate - construction Residential mortgage Home equity With no related allowance recorded and acquired with credit deterioration: Commercial real estate Commercial real estate - construction Residential mortgage Home equity With an allowance recorded: Commercial and industrial Commercial real estate Home equity Total Impaired Loans: Commercial and industrial Commercial real estate Commercial real estate - construction Residential mortgage Home equity 
 
 80 

Table of Contents 
 MID PENN BANCORP, INC. 

 Commercial real estate Commercial real estate - construction Residential mortgage Home equity With no related allowance recorded and acquired with credit deterioration: Commercial and industrial Commercial real estate Commercial real estate - construction Residential mortgage Home equity With an allowance recorded: Commercial and industrial Commercial real estate Home equity Total: Commercial and industrial Commercial real estate Commercial real estate - construction Residential mortgage Home equity 
 Acquisition of impaired loans Accretable yield amortized to interest income ) ) Accretable yield, end of period 
 81 

Table of Contents 
 MID PENN BANCORP, INC. 

 Commercial real estate Commercial real estate - construction Residential mortgage Home equity 
 If non-accrual loans had been current in accordance with their original terms and had been outstanding throughout the period or since origination, if held for part of the period, Mid Penn would have recorded interest income on these loans of thousand, thousand, and thousand, in the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Mid Penn has no commitments to lend additional funds to borrowers with impaired or non-accrual loans. 
 The performance and credit quality of the loan portfolio is also monitored by analyzing the age of the loans receivable as determined by the length of time a recorded payment is past due. 
 Commercial real estate Commercial real estate - construction Residential mortgage Home equity Consumer Loans acquired with credit deterioration: Commercial real estate Residential mortgage Home equity Total 
 82 

Table of Contents 
 MID PENN BANCORP, INC. 

 Commercial real estate Commercial real estate - construction Residential mortgage Home equity Consumer Loans acquired with credit deterioration: Commercial real estate Commercial real estate - construction Residential mortgage Home equity Total 
 83 

Table of Contents 
 MID PENN BANCORP, INC. 

 Loans charged off ) ) ) ) ) ) Recoveries Provisions Balance at December 31, 2020 Loans charged off ) ) ) ) ) ) Recoveries Provisions (credits) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 Loans charged off ) ) ) ) ) ) Recoveries Provisions (credits) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) 
 (In thousands) Allowance for Loan Losses at December 31, 2022 Commercial and industrial Commercial real estate Commercial real estate - construction Residential mortgage Home equity Consumer Unallocated Total Collectively evaluated for impairment ) Individually evaluated for impairment ) Loans, Net of Unearned Interest Collectively evaluated for impairment Individually evaluated for impairment Acquired with credit deterioration 
 (In thousands) Allowance for Loan Losses at December 31, 2021 Commercial and industrial Commercial real estate Commercial real estate - construction Residential mortgage Home equity Consumer Unallocated Total Collectively evaluated for impairment Individually evaluated for impairment Loans, Net of Unearned Interest Collectively evaluated for impairment Individually evaluated for impairment Acquired with credit deterioration 
 
 84 

Table of Contents 
 MID PENN BANCORP, INC. 

 Residential mortgage 
 (In thousands) Pre-Modification Outstanding Recorded Investment Post-Modification Outstanding Recorded Investment Recorded Investment December 31, 2021 Commercial and industrial Commercial real estate Commercial real estate - construction Residential mortgage 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no defaulted troubled debt restructured loans, as all troubled debt restructured loans were current with respect to their associated forbearance agreements. There were also defaults on troubled debt restructured loans within twelve months of restructure during 2022 and 2021. 
 Mid Penn entered into forbearance agreements on all loans currently classified as troubled debt restructurings and all of these agreements have resulted in additional principal repayment. The terms of these forbearance agreements vary whereby principal payments have been decreased, interest rates have been reduced and/or the loan will be repaid as collateral is sold. 
 There were loans modified in 2022 and 2021 that resulted in troubled debt restructurings. 
 Residential mortgage 
 The CARES Act, signed into law in March 2020, along with a joint agency statement issued by banking agencies, provided that short-term modifications made in response to COVID-19 to current and performing borrowers did not need to be accounted for as troubled debt restructurings. Depending upon the specific needs and circumstances affecting each borrower, the majority of these modifications ranged from deferrals of both principal and interest payments, with some borrowers reverting to interest-only payments. The majority of the deferrals were granted for a period of three months, but some as long as six months, depending upon management s specific evaluation of each borrower s circumstances. Interest continued to accrue on loans modified under the CARES Act during the deferral period. During 2020, Mid Penn had provided loan modifications meeting the CARES Act qualifications to over borrowers. Mid Penn made no loan such modifications during 2021 and 2022. As of December 31, 2022, there was principal balance of loans remaining in this CARES Act qualifying deferment status. As of December 31, 2021, the principal balance of loans remaining in this CARES Act qualifying deferment status totaled million, or less than of the total loan portfolio. Borrowers granted a CARES Act deferral have returned to regular payment status. 
 
 85 

Table of Contents 
 MID PENN BANCORP, INC. 

 Note 5 - 
 Buildings Furniture, fixtures, and equipment Leasehold improvements Capital expenditures in process Total cost Less accumulated depreciation ) ) Total premises and equipment 
 Depreciation expense was million in 2022, million in 2021, and million in 2020. 
 During 2022, Mid Penn sold a branch which included the sale of thousand and million of furniture, fixtures and equipment and consumer loans, respectively, and the transfer of million in deposits. 
 
 Note 6 - 
 Riverview Acquisition Riverview Acquisition measurement period adjustment Insurance acquisition Goodwill balance, end of year 
 On December 31, 2022, Mid Penn purchased the assets of an independent insurance agency that serviced the Central Pennsylvania area in a business combination. Goodwill totaling thousand and a customer list with a fair market value of thousand were booked as a result of this business combination. 
 Riverview (adjustment) acquisition ) Amortization of core deposit intangibles Core deposit and other intangible balances, end of year 

86 

Table of Contents 
 MID PENN BANCORP, INC. 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028-thereafter 
 Customer List Intangible 
 As a result of the Riverview Acquisition, Mid Penn recorded a customer list intangible asset included in total intangible assets related to the wealth management customers assumed in the acquisition. This intangible is amortized as an expense over using the sum of the years amortization method. 
 Riverview acquisition Insurance acquisition Amortization of customer list intangible Customer list intangible, end of year 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028-thereafter 
 
 Note 7 - 

87 

Table of Contents 
 MID PENN BANCORP, INC. 

 Lease liability Weighted average remaining lease term (in years) Weighted average discount rate 
 Interest expense on lease liability Total finance lease cost Operating lease cost Short-term and equipment lease costs Sublease income ) ) ) Total lease costs 
 The rental expense paid to related parties was thousand for both 2022 and 2021 and thousand in 2020. 
 Operating cash flows from operating leases Financing cash flows from finance leases 

88 

Table of Contents 
 MID PENN BANCORP, INC. 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 and thereafter Total lease payments Less: imputed interest ) ) Present value of lease liabilities 
 The future minimum payments to related parties are thousand for both 2023 and 2024, thousand for 2025, thousand for both 2026 and 2027 and million thereafter. 
 There were no sale and leaseback transactions or leveraged leases as of December 31, 2022. There were leases that had not commenced as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Note 8 - 
 Interest-bearing demand deposits Money market Savings Total demand and savings Time Total deposits Overdrafts 
 Maturing in 2024 Maturing in 2025 Maturing in 2026 Maturing in 2027 Maturing thereafter 
 Mid Penn had million in brokered certificates of deposits as of December 31, 2022 and as of December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, Mid Penn had million an d million of CDAR deposits, respectively. 
 89 

Table of Contents 
 MID PENN BANCORP, INC. 

 million and million, respectively. 
 
 Note 9 - 
 million as of December 31, 2022 and consisted of FHLB overnight borrowings. There were short-term borrowings as of December 31, 2021. Short-term borrowings generally consist of federal funds purchased and advances from the FHLB with an original maturity of less than a year. Federal funds purchased from correspondent banks mature in one business day and reprice daily based on the Federal Funds rate. Advances from the FHLB are collateralized by our investment in the common stock of the FHLB and by a blanket lien on selected loan receivables comprised principally of real estate secured loans within the Bank s portfolio totaling billion at December 31, 2022. The Bank had short-term borrowing capacity from the FHLB up to the Bank s unused borrowing capacity of billion (equal to billion of maximum borrowing capacity less letter of credit and other FHLB advances outstanding) at December 31, 2022 upon satisfaction of any stock purchase requirements of the FHLB. draws were outstanding on short-term FHLB or correspondent bank borrowings as of December 31, 2022 or 2021. 
 The Bank also has unused overnight lines of credit with other correspondent banks amounting to million at December 31, 2022. draws have been made on these lines of credit and on December 31, 2022 and 2021, the balance was . 
 As of December 31, 2021, the Bank paid all funding obtained from the Federal Reserve through the Paycheck Protection Program Liquidity Facility. 
 
 Note 10 - 
 
 Due March 2023, 
 Due August 2026, 
 Due February 2027, 
 Total FHLB fixed rate instruments Lease obligations included in long-term debt Total long-term debt 
 Mid Penn prepaid million of FHLB fixed rate instruments during the year ended December 31, 2022 and made prepayments of FHLB fixed rate instruments during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 As a member of the FHLB, the Bank can access a number of credit products which are utilized to provide liquidity. As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the Bank had long-term debt outstanding in the amount of million and million, respectively, consisting of FHLB fixed rate instruments, and a finance lease liability. 
 The FHLB fixed rate instruments are secured under the terms of a blanket collateral agreement with the FHLB consisting of FHLB stock and qualifying Mid Penn loan receivables, principally real estate secured loans. Mid Penn also obtains letters of credit from the FHLB to secure certain public fund deposits of municipality and school district customers who agree to use of the FHLB letters of credit. These FHLB letter of credit commitments totaled million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 During the first quarter of 2019, Mid Penn entered into a lease agreement for facility under a non-cancelable finance lease, which commenced March 1, 2019 and expires February 28, 2039 and is included in long-term debt on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. See "Note 7 - Leases", for more information related to Mid Penn s finance lease obligation. 
 Mid Penn made prepayments of FHLB fixed rate instruments during the year ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. 
 90 

Table of Contents 
 MID PENN BANCORP, INC. 

 2024 2025 2026 Thereafter 
 
 Note 11 - 
 million of subordinated notes (the "2015 Notes") due in 2025. The 2015 Notes were redeemable in whole or in part, without premium or penalty, at any time on or after December 9, 2020, and prior to December 9, 2025. On August 8, 2022, Mid Penn redeemed all of the 2015 Notes. Given that the 2015 Notes were in the seventh year since issuance, of the principal balance of the notes would have been treated as Tier 2 capital for regulatory capital purposes as of December 31, 2022. 
 The 2015 Notes paid interest at a rate of per year for the first outstanding, including the three months ended March, 31, 2020. Beginning January 1, 2021, the 2015 Notes bore interest at a floating rate based on the Wall Street Journal s Prime Rate plus , provided that the interest rate applicable to the outstanding principal balance was at no time less than . Interest was payable quarterly in arrears on January 1, April 1, July 1 and October 1 of each year, beginning on January 1, 2016. 
 
 Subordinated Debt Assumed November 2021 with the Riverview Acquisition 
 On November 30, 2021, Mid Penn completed its acquisition of Riverview and assumed million of Subordinated Notes (the "Riverview Notes"). In accordance with purchase accounting principles, the Riverview Notes were assigned a fair value premium of million. The notes are treated as Tier 2 capital for regulatory reporting purposes. 
 The Riverview Notes were entered into by Riverview on October 6, 2020 with certain qualified institutional buyers and accredited institutional investors. The Riverview Notes have a maturity date of October 15, 2030 and initially bear interest, payable semi-annually, at a fixed annual rate of per annum until October 15, 2025. Commencing on that date, the interest rate applicable to the outstanding principal amount due will be reset quarterly to an interest rate per annum equal to the then current three-month secured overnight financing rate ("SOFR") plus bp, payable quarterly until maturity. Mid Penn may redeem the Notes at par, in whole or in part, at its option, anytime beginning on October 15, 2025. 
 Trust Preferred Securities Assumed November 2021 with the Riverview Acquisition 
 In connection with the Riverview Acquisition, Mid Penn assumed the subordinated debentures that Riverview had assumed in its acquisition of CBT Financial Corp. ("CBT") on October 1, 2017 (the "CBT 2017 Notes"). In 2003 a trust formed by CBT which issued million of floating rate trust preferred securities as part of a pooled offering of such securities. CBT was eligible to redeem the subordinated debentures, in whole but not in part, beginning in 2008 at a price of of face value. The subordinated debentures were required to be redeemed no later than 2033. Similarly, in 2005, a trust formed by CBT issued million of fixed rate trust preferred securities as part of a pooled offering of such securities (the "CBT 2015 Notes"). CBT was eligible to redeem the subordinated debentures, in whole but not in part, beginning in 2010 at a price of of face value. In December 2022, Mid Penn redeemed all of the CBT 2017 Notes and CBT 2015 Notes. 
 Subordinated Debt Issued December 2020 
 On December 22, 2020, Mid Penn entered into agreements for and sold, at 100 of their principal amount, an aggregate of million of its Subordinated Notes due December 2030 (the "December 2020 Notes") on a private placement basis to accredited investors. The December 2020 Notes are treated as Tier 2 capital for regulatory capital purposes. 
 91 

Table of Contents 
 MID PENN BANCORP, INC. 

 per year for the first and then float at the Wall Street Journal s Prime Rate, provided that the interest rate applicable to the outstanding principal balance during the period the December 2020 Notes are floating will at no time be less than . Interest is payable quarterly in arrears on March 31, June 30, September 30 and December 31, of each year, beginning on March 31, 2021. The December 2020 Notes will mature on December 31, 2030 and are redeemable, in whole or in part, without premium or penalty, on any interest payment date on or after December 31, 2025 and prior to December 31, 2030, subject to any required regulatory approvals. Additionally, if (i) all or any portion of the December 2020 Notes cease to be deemed Tier 2 Capital, (ii) interest on the December 2020 Notes fails to be deductible for United States federal income tax purposes or (iii) Mid Penn will be considered an "investment company," Mid Penn may redeem the December 2020 Notes, in whole but not in part, by giving 10 days notice to the holders of the December 2020 Notes. In the event of a redemption described in the previous sentence, Mid Penn will redeem the December 2020 Notes at of the principal amount of the December 2020 Notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to but excluding the date of redemption. 
 Holders of the December 2020 Notes may not accelerate the maturity of the December 2020 Notes, except upon the bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation, receivership or similar event of Mid Penn or Mid Penn Bank, its principal banking subsidiary. Related parties held thousand of the December 2020 Notes as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Subordinated Debt Issued March 2020 
 On March 20, 2020, Mid Penn entered into agreements with accredited investors who purchased million aggregate principal amount of Mid Penn Subordinated Notes due March 2030 (the "March 2020 Notes"). As a result of Mid Penn s merger with Riverview on November 30, 2021, million of the March 2020 Notes balance was redeemed as Riverview was a holder of the March 2020 Notes. The balance of March 2020 Notes outstanding as of December 31, 2021 was million. The March 2020 Notes held at December 31, 2022 are treated as Tier 2 capital for regulatory capital purposes. 
 The March 2020 Notes bear interest at a rate of per year for the first and then float at the Wall Street Journal s Prime Rate, provided that the interest rate applicable to the outstanding principal balance during the period the March 2020 Notes are floating will at no time be less than . Interest is payable semi-annually in arrears on June 30 and December 30 of each year, beginning on June 30, 2020, for the first after issuance and will be payable quarterly in arrears thereafter on March 30, June 30, September 30 and December 30. The March 2020 Notes will mature on March 30, 2030 and are redeemable in whole or in part, without premium or penalty, at any time on or after March 30, 2025 and prior to March 30, 2030. Additionally, if all or any portion of the March 2020 Notes cease to be deemed Tier 2 Capital, Mid Penn may redeem, on any interest payment date, all or part of the 2020 Notes. In the event of a redemption described in the previous sentence, Mid Penn will redeem the March 2020 Notes at of the principal amount of the March 2020 Notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to but excluding the date of redemption. 
 Holders of the March 2020 Notes may not accelerate the maturity of the March 2020 Notes, except upon the bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation, receivership or similar event of Mid Penn or Mid Penn Bank, its principal banking subsidiary. Related parties held million of the March 2020 Notes as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Subordinated Debt Issued December 2017 
 On December 19, 2017, Mid Penn entered into agreements with investors to purchase million aggregate principal amount of its Subordinated Notes due 2028 (the "2017 Notes"). The 2017 Notes are treated as Tier 2 capital for regulatory capital purposes. The 2017 Notes bear interest at a rate of per year for the first and then float at the Wall Street Journal s Prime Rate plus , provided that the interest rate applicable to the outstanding principal balance will at no times be less than . Interest is payable semi-annually in arrears on January 15 and July 15 of each year, beginning on July 15, 2018, for the first after issuance and will be payable quarterly in arrears thereafter on January 15, April 15, July 15, and October 15. The 2017 Notes will mature on January 1, 2028 and are redeemable in whole or in part, without premium or penalty, at any time on or after December 21, 2022, and prior to January 1, 2028. Additionally, Mid Penn may redeem the 2017 Notes in whole at any time, or in part from time to time, upon at least 30 days notice if: (i) a change or prospective change in law occurs that could prevent Mid Penn from deducting interest payable on the 2017 Notes for U.S. federal income tax purposes; (ii) an event occurs that precludes the 2017 Notes from being recognized as Tier 2 capital for regulatory capital purposes; or (iii) Mid Penn becomes required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. In the event of a redemption described in the previous sentence, Mid Penn will redeem the 2017 Notes at of the principal amount of the 2017 Notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to but excluding the date of redemption. 
 92 

Table of Contents 
 MID PENN BANCORP, INC. 

 million of the 2017 Notes. 
 
 Note 12 - 
 Negative Fair Values ) ) Forward Commitments Positive Fair Values Negative Fair Values ) Interest Rate Swaps with Customers Positive Fair Values Negative Fair Values ) ) Interest Rate Swaps with Counterparties Positive Fair Values Negative Fair Values ) )) Forward Commitments Total ) 
 93 

Table of Contents 
 MID PENN BANCORP, INC. 

 Gross amounts offset Net Amounts Presented in the Consolidated Balance Sheets Gross amounts not offset: Cash collateral (1) 
 Net Amounts 
 (1) Included in cash and due from banks on the Consolidated Balance Sheet 
 
 Note 13 - 
 Mortgage-backed U.S. government agencies State and political subdivision obligations Corporate debt securities Equity securities Loans held for sale Other assets: Interest rate swap agreements Mortgage banking derivative assets, net Total 
 2021 (In thousands) Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Available-for-sale securities: Mortgage-backed U.S. government agencies State and political subdivision obligations Corporate debt securities Equity securities Loans held for sale Other assets: Interest rate swap agreements Mortgage banking derivative assets, net Total 
 94 

Table of Contents 
 MID PENN BANCORP, INC. 

Foreclosed assets held for sale 
 (1) Includes impaired loans reporting a specific allocation or that have been partially charged-off. 
 Impaired loans - All performing troubled debt restructured loans and loans classified as non-accrual are deemed to be impaired, and all of these loans are considered collateral dependent; therefore, all of Mid Penn s impaired loans, whether reporting a specific allowance allocation or not, are considered collateral dependent. Mid Penn utilized level 3 inputs such as independent appraisals of the underlying collateral, which generally includes various level 3 inputs which are not observable. Appraisals may be adjusted downward by management for qualitative factors such as economic conditions and estimated liquidation expenses. The range of liquidation expenses and other appraisal adjustments are presented as a percent of the appraisal. Higher downward adjustments are caused by negative changes to the collateral or conditions in the real estate market, actual offers or sales contracts received, or age of the appraisal. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the 
 95 

Table of Contents 
 MID PENN BANCORP, INC. 

 - and - , respectively. The weighted average of the discount was and , as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Foreclosed assets held for sale - Values are based on appraisals that consider the sales prices of property in the proximate vicinity. 
 Available-for-sale investment securities Held-to-maturity investment securities Equity securities Loans held for sale Net loans Restricted investment in bank stocks Accrued interest receivable Interest rate swap agreements Mortgage banking derivative assets Financial instruments - liabilities Deposits Short-term debt Long-term debt (1) 
 Subordinated debt Accrued interest payable Interest rate swap agreements Mortgage banking derivative liabilities 
 96 

Table of Contents 
 MID PENN BANCORP, INC. 

 Available-for-sale investment securities Held-to-maturity investment securities Equity securities Loans held for sale Net loans Restricted investment in bank stocks Accrued interest receivable Interest rate swap agreements Mortgage banking derivative assets Financial instruments - liabilities Deposits Long-term debt (1) 
 Subordinated debt Accrued interest payable Interest rate swap agreements Mortgage banking derivative liabilities 
 (1) Long-term debt excludes finance lease obligations 
 The Bank s outstanding and unfunded credit commitments and financial standby letters of credit were deemed to have no significant fair value as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Note 14 - 
 of service as of January 1, 2008 and retire with the Bank after age 55 and at least years of service are eligible for term life insurance coverage. The insurance amount will be thousand until age 65. After age 65, the insurance amount will decrease by thousand per year until age 74. Thereafter, the insurance amount will be thousand. The payment of the life insurance premium by the Corporation shall terminate at any time if the retired employee obtains other employment. 
 
 Health Benefit Plan - Full-time employees who had at least years of service as of January 1, 2008 and who retire at age 55 or later, after completion of at least years of service, are eligible for medical benefits. Medical benefits are provided 
 97 

Table of Contents 
 MID PENN BANCORP, INC. 

 after retirement. Employees who retired prior to December 31, 2015 may elect the least expensive single coverage in the employer s group medical plan. If the retiree becomes eligible for Medicare during the duration of coverage, the Bank will pay, at its discretion, premiums for single 65-special coverage or similar supplemental coverage. For those employees who retired between September 18, 2015 and December 31, 2015, the Bank will only pay up to thousand towards such medical coverage. Employees who retired after December 31, 2015 may not participate in the employer s group medical plan. Instead, the Bank will reimburse the retiree for up to thousand (grossed up by as of December 31, 2022) in medical costs. The reimbursement shall terminate at any time during the period if the retired employee obtains other employment or the retired employee dies. 
 Service cost Interest cost Change in experience ) Change in assumptions ) ) Benefit payments ) ) Benefit obligations, December 31 Change in fair value of plan assets: Fair value of plan assets, January 1 Employer contributions Benefit payments ) ) Fair value of plan assets, December 31 Funded status at year end ) ) 
 Mid Penn has capped the benefit to future retirees under its post-retirement health benefit plan. Employees who had achieved of service as of January 1, 2008 and subsequently retire after at least years of service are eligible for reimbursement of major medical insurance premiums up to thousand, if the employee has not yet reached age 65. Upon becoming eligible for Medicare, Mid Penn will reimburse up to thousand in premiums for Medicare Advantage or a similar supplemental coverage. The maximum reimbursement period will not exceed regardless of retirement age and will end upon the participant obtaining other employment or the participant s death. Net prior service cost, pretax ) 
 The accumulated benefit obligation for health and life insurance plans was thousand and thousand at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 98 

Table of Contents 
 MID PENN BANCORP, INC. 

 Interest cost Amortization of prior service cost ) ) ) Amortization of net loss Net periodic postretirement benefit income ) ) ) 
 Rate of compensation increase 
 Assumptions used in the measurement of Mid Penn s net periodic benefit cost for the years ended December 31 are as follows: 
 Weighted-average assumptions: 2022 2021 2020 Discount rate Rate of compensation increase 
 Rate to which the cost trend rate is assumed to decline (the ultimate trend rate) Year that the rate reaches the ultimate trend rate 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028-2032 
 99 

Table of Contents 
 MID PENN BANCORP, INC. 

 Service cost Interest cost Actuarial loss Change in assumptions ) Benefit payments ) ) Benefit obligations, December 31 Change in fair value of plan assets: Fair value of plan assets, January 1 Employer contributions Benefit payments ) ) Fair value of plan assets, Funded status at year end ) ) 
 
 Net loss, pretax 
 The accumulated benefit obligation for the retirement plan was million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Interest cost Amortization of net loss Net periodic retirement cost 
 100 

Table of Contents 
 MID PENN BANCORP, INC. 

 Change in consumer price index 
 Assumptions used in the measurement of Mid Penn s net periodic benefit cost for the years ended December 31 are as follows: 
 Weighted-average assumptions: 2022 2021 2020 Discount rate Change in consumer price index 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028-2032 
 The Bank is the owner and beneficiary of insurance policies on the lives of certain officers and directors, which informally fund the retirement plan obligation. The aggregate cash surrender value of these policies was million at both December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Scottdale Defined Benefit Pension Plan - As a result of the acquisition of Scottdale on January 8, 2018, Mid Penn has assumed a noncontributory defined benefit pension plan ("Scottdale Plan") covering certain former employees of Scottdale. After the acquisition, Mid Penn does not allow for any further participants to join the Plan. Mid Penn s policy is to fund pension benefits as accrued. The Scottdale Plan s assets are managed by the trust department of the Bank and were primarily invested in corporate equity securities at the time of acquisition but have since been diversified into a more conservative investment profile, including fixed income debt securities. The investment objective of the plan is "Balanced" to provide relatively stable growth from assets offset by a moderate level of income with target portfolio allocations of up to cash, - fixed income securities, and - equity securities. The valuation of the plan s assets is subject to market fluctuations. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, Mid Penn recognized thousand of settlement gains, as a result of certain lump sum payouts to participants of the Scottdale Plan. The settlement gains were recorded in noninterest income as a component of other income in the Consolidated Statements of Income for the year ended December 31, 2021. There were lump sum payouts to participants of the Scottdale Plan for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 101 

Table of Contents 
 MID PENN BANCORP, INC. 

 Service cost Interest cost Actuarial gain ) ) Settlement payments ) Benefit payments ) ) Benefit obligations, December 31 Change in fair value of plan assets: Fair value of plan assets, January 1 Return on plan assets ) Employer contributions Benefit payments ) ) Administrative expenses ) ) Settlement payments ) Fair value of plan assets, December 31 Funded status at year end) ) 
 
 The accumulated benefit obligation for the retirement plan was million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) Recognized net actuarial gain ) Net periodic retirement income ) ) 
 102 

Table of Contents 
 MID PENN BANCORP, INC. 

 Expected long-term return on plan assets Rate of compensation increases 
 Common stock Corporate bonds 
 The description of the valuation methodologies used for assets measured at fair value is disclosed below. 
 Common Stocks 
 Valued at the closing price reported on the active market on which the individual securities are traded and therefore would be categorized as Level 1 assets under the fair value hierarchy. 
 Corporate Bonds 
 Valued using matrix pricing, which is a mathematical technique used widely in the industry to value debt securities without relying exclusively on quoted market prices for the specific securities but rather relying on the securities relationship to other benchmark quoted prices and therefore would be categorized as Level 2 assets under the fair value hierarchy. 
 The methods described above may produce a fair value calculation that may not be indicative of net realizable value or reflective of future fair values. Furthermore, while the Plan believes its valuation methods are appropriate and consistent with other market participants, the use of different methodologies or assumptions to determine the fair value of certain financial instruments could result in a different fair value measurement at the reporting date. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028-2032 
 Riverview Defined Benefit Plan - As a result of the Riverview Acquisition on November 30, 2021, Mid Penn has assumed noncontributory defined benefit pension plans ("Riverview Plans") covering certain former employees of Riverview (or its predecessor-in-interest) as follows: 
 Pursuant to the consolidation with Union Bancorp, Inc. ("Union") effective November 1, 2013, Riverview assumed Union s noncontributory defined benefit pension plan, which substantially covered all Union employees. The plan benefits were based on average salary and years of service. Union elected to freeze all benefits earned under the plan effective January 1, 2007. 
 103 

Table of Contents 
 MID PENN BANCORP, INC. 

 Interest cost Actuarial gain ) ) Benefit payments ) ) Benefit obligations, December 31 Change in fair value of plan assets: Fair value of plan assets, January 1, Return on plan assets ) Contributions Benefit payments ) ) Fair value of plan assets, December 31 Funded status at year end) )) 
 104 

Table of Contents 
 MID PENN BANCORP, INC. 

 Expected return on plan assets ) ) Net periodic pension benefit ) ) 
 (In thousands) 2022 2021 Service credit Interest cost Unrecognized gain ) Net periodic postretirement benefit 
 The accumulated benefit obligation was million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, for the Riverview Plans. 
 Expected long-term return on plan assets n/a 2021 Discount rate Expected long-term return on plan assets n/a 
 The following summarizes the actuarial assumptions used for the Riverview Plans: 
 For the pension plan, the selected long-term rate of return on plan assets was primarily based on the asset allocation of the plan s assets. Analysis of the historic returns on these asset classes and projections of expected future returns were considered in setting the long-term rate of return. 
 
 The benefit offered under the postretirement benefits plan is fixed; therefore, the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation is not impacted by health care cost trends or the rate of compensation increase. 

105 

Table of Contents 
 MID PENN BANCORP, INC. 

 Mutual fund - equity Mutual fund / EFTs - fixed income Common / collective trusts equity 
 The valuation used is based on quoted market prices provided by an independent third party. The fair values of mutual fund investments are considered Level 1 assess in the fair value hierarchy and the collective trusts equity are considered Level 2 assets. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028-2032 
 
 Note 15 - 
 million, million, and thousand for the years ending December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively and is included as a component of salaries and benefits expense in the Consolidated Statements of Income. The plan also includes a funded contributory profit sharing provision for substantially all employees which is funded annually when applicable. The Corporation did make a profit sharing contribution to the plan in 2022, 2021, or 2020. 
 During 2021, Mid Penn assumed the 401(k) plan of Riverview. Riverview maintained a contributory 401(k) retirement plan for all eligible employees. The plan was frozen and all contributions were suspended subsequent to the merger. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Riverview plan was terminated, and all remaining assets were either transferred to the Mid Penn 401(k) Plan or distributed to former employee participants. 
 Deferred Compensation Plan - Mid Penn has a directors deferred compensation plan, which allows directors to defer receipt of director fees for a specified period in order to provide future retirement income. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Corporation accrued a liability of million and million, respectively, for this plan. The expense related to the 
 106 

Table of Contents 
 MID PENN BANCORP, INC. 

 thousand, thousand and thousand in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and is included as a component of other expense in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan - On September 6, 2022, Mid Penn entered into new or amended and restated supplemental executive retirement plan agreements ("SERPs") with named executive officers and other members of the Bank s executive management team. Each SERP provides for the monthly payment of a fixed cash benefit over a period of years, commencing on the first day of the month following the Executive s separation from service: (i) occurring on or after reaching normal retirement age (age ); (ii) due to disability; (iii) due to death; or (iv) within two years following a change in control of the Bank. The annual benefit vests over a term of four to , with a portion of the annual benefit having previously vested for several of the participants. Any unvested portion of the benefit fully vests upon a change in control of the Bank. The accrued liability for the supplemental retirement plans was million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The expense related to the plan was thousand, thousand and thousand in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively and is included as a component of salaries and benefits expense in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 Split Dollar Life Insurance Arrangements - At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Bank had Split Dollar Life Insurance arrangements with two former executives for which the aggregate collateral assignment and cash surrender values are approximately million for December 31, 2022 and 2021. Mid Penn acquired Phoenix s Split Dollar Life Insurance arrangements in 2015 on select employees, which had aggregate cash surrender values of million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021. Mid Penn acquired First Priority s Split Dollar Life Insurance arrangements in 2018 on select employees, which had aggregate cash surrender values of million at both December 31, 2022 and 2021. Mid Penn acquired Riverview s Split Dollar Life Insurance arrangements in 2021 on select employees, which had aggregate cash surrender values of million at both December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Rabbi Trust - As a result of the November 30, 2021 acquisition of Riverview, Mid Penn assumed certain benefit plan liabilities related to compensation arrangements totaling million within other liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets, including certain executive non-qualified retirement benefits, deferred compensation plans, and executive employment and separation agreements associated with Riverview. 
 Executive deferred compensation agreement Director deferred fee agreement Executive employment agreements Separation agreement Total compensation agreements 
 The obligations are fully funded through a Rabbi Trust having a cash balance of million and million within other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 to provide a source of funds in satisfying the obligations under the respective compensation arrangements. 
 107 

Table of Contents 
 MID PENN BANCORP, INC. 

 Note 16 - 
 Loan fees Deferred compensation Benefit plans Unrealized loss on securities Lease adjustments Business combination adjustments Acquired NOL, Section 1231, and charitable contribution carryforwards Rabbi Trust Riverview AMT credits Riverview subordinated debt fair value adjustment Software renewal costs Other Deferred tax liabilities: Depreciation ) ) Bond accretion ) ) Goodwill and intangibles ) ) Prepaid expenses ) ) Business combination adjustments ) ) Benefit plans ) ) ) ) Deferred tax asset, net 
 In assessing the Corporation s ability to realize deferred federal tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income, and prudent, feasible and permissible as well as available tax planning strategies in making this assessment. At December 31, 2022, based on the level of historical taxable income and projections for future taxable income over the periods in which the deferred tax assets are deductible, management believes it is more likely than not that Mid Penn will realize the benefits of these deferred tax assets and has no valuation allowances recorded against any components of its deferred tax asset, including the carryforward balances related to net operating losses ("NOL"), Section 1231 losses, and charitable contribution carryforwards. 
 At December 31, 2022, Mid Penn had NOL carryforwards of thousand resulting from the November 30, 2021 acquisition of Riverview. These NOLs were assumed by Riverview in a previous acquisition and were generated during the tax years ended December 31, 2013, 2014, and 2015 and begin to expire in 2032. The Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security (" CARES") Act, signed into law on March 27, 2020 to mitigate the economic effects of COVID-19, implemented a five-year carryback period for NOLs generated in tax years beginning in 2018, 2019, or 2020. As a result of this CARES Act provision, during the year ended December 31, 2021, Mid Penn filed the required federal tax returns to carryback NOLs to the 2017 tax year, comprised of (i) million of NOLs generated in 2018 and acquired from Scottdale, and (ii) million of NOLs generated in 2018 and acquired from First Priority. The carryback of these NOLs to the 2017 tax year when the tax rate was (versus in 2018) generated a federal tax benefit of thousand recorded in the provision for income taxes on the Consolidated Statements of Income for the year ended December 31, 
 108 

Table of Contents 
 MID PENN BANCORP, INC. 

 thousand at December 31, 2020 was generated in the 2012 tax year, was acquired from First Priority, and expires in 2032. Mid Penn is limited to a deduction of the lesser of the available NOL carryforward or 80 of pre-NOL taxable income in a single tax year as set forth in the TCJA. 
 At December 31, 2022, Mid Penn had thousand of charitable contribution carryforwards which were acquired from Riverview, while at December 31, 2021, Mid Penn had thousand charitable contribution carryforwards. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, Mid Penn generated sufficient taxable income to utilize all charitable contribution carryforwards. Mid Penn expects to generate sufficient taxable income to utilize all charitable contribution carryforwards in the future. 
 The CARES Act also updated Alternative Minimum Tax ("AMT") credit rules to permit AMT credit to be refundable in the 2018 tax year. As a result, during the year ended December 31, 2020, Mid Penn filed the required federal tax returns to request a full refund of the AMT credits that had been acquired from First Priority and Scottdale. During 2021, and as a result of the Riverview Acquisition, Mid Penn assumed thousand of AMT credits to be used on future tax returns. 
 Acquired Section 1231 losses totaling thousand were recorded as a result of filing the final First Priority return in 2019 and expired in 2022. 
 The annual usage of acquired NOL, charitable contribution carryforwards, and Section 1231 losses is limited by IRS Section 382 regulations. These limitations are calculated separately for each acquisition as the federal long-term tax-exempt rate at the date of acquisition multiplied by the valuation of the selling company as calculated in accordance with GAAP. As a result, the usage of acquired NOLs, charitable contribution carryforwards, AMT carryforwards, and Section 1231 losses to offset taxable income related to the Riverview Acquisition is limited to million per year and million per year for the First Priority Acquisition. All contribution carryforwards related to the Scottdale Acquisition were utilized as of December 31, 2022. 
 State Total current tax provision Deferred tax expense (benefit) Federal ) State Total deferred tax expense (benefit) ) Total provision for income taxes 
 109 

Table of Contents 
 MID PENN BANCORP, INC. 

 Low income housing partnership tax credits ) ) ) Effect of tax-exempt income ) ) ) Effect of investment in life insurance ) ) ) Nondeductible merger and acquisition expense State income taxes, net of federal tax benefit Nondeductible interest Other items ) Provision for income taxes 
 Mid Penn has unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized, would favorably affect the effective income tax rate in future periods. Mid Penn does not expect the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits to significantly increase or decrease in the next twelve months. 
 amounts for interest and penalties were recorded in income tax expense in the Consolidated Statement of Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, or 2020. There were amounts accrued for interest and penalties at December 31, 2022 or 2021. 
 Mid Penn and its subsidiaries are subject to U.S. federal income tax and income tax for the states of Pennsylvania, New Jersey, and Maryland. With limited exceptions, Mid Penn is no longer subject to examination by taxing authorities for years before 2017. 
 
 Note 17 - 
 of risk-weighted assets; 
 Meet a minimum Tier I capital ratio of of risk-weighted assets; 
 Meet a minimum Total capital ratio of of risk-weighted assets; 
 Meet a minimum Tier I leverage capital ratio of of average assets; 
 Maintain a "capital conservation buffer" of above the minimum risk-based capital requirements, which must be maintained to avoid restrictions on capital distributions and certain discretionary bonuses; and 
 Comply with the definition of capital to improve the ability of regulatory capital instruments to absorb losses. 
 110 

Table of Contents 
 MID PENN BANCORP, INC. 

 million of undistributed earnings of the Bank, included in the consolidated shareholders equity balance, was available for distribution to the Corporation as dividends without prior regulatory approval, subject to regulatory capital requirements below. 
 N/A N/A Common Equity Tier 1 Capital (to Risk Weighted Assets) N/A N/A Tier 1 Capital (to Risk Weighted Assets) N/A N/A Total Capital (to Risk Weighted Assets) N/A N/A Mid Penn Bank 2022 Tier 1 Capital (to Average Assets) Common Equity Tier 1 Capital (to Risk Weighted Assets) Tier 1 Capital (to Risk Weighted Assets) Total Capital (to Risk Weighted Assets) Mid Penn Bancorp, Inc. 2021 Tier 1 Capital (to Average Assets) N/A N/A Common Equity Tier 1 Capital (to Risk Weighted Assets) N/A N/A Tier 1 Capital (to Risk Weighted Assets) N/A N/A Total Capital (to Risk Weighted Assets) N/A N/A Mid Penn Bank 2021 Tier 1 Capital (to Average Assets) Common Equity Tier 1 Capital (to Risk Weighted Assets) Tier 1 Capital (to Risk Weighted Assets) Total Capital (to Risk Weighted Assets) 
 111 

Table of Contents 
 MID PENN BANCORP, INC. 

 Note 18 - 
 apartments and common amenities in Cumberland County, Pennsylvania. All of the units are expected to qualify for Federal Low-Income Housing Tax Credits ("LIHTCs") as provided for in Section 42 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. Mid Penn s limited partner capital contribution commitment is expected to be million which will be paid in installments over the course of construction of the low-income housing facilities. The investment in the limited partnership will be reported in other assets on the balance sheet and amortized over a period. The project has been conditionally awarded million in annual LIHTCs by the Pennsylvania Housing Finance Agency, with a total anticipated LIHTC amount of million to be received by Mid Penn over the amortization period. Mid Penn s commitment to purchase the limited partnership interest is conditional upon the review and approval of all closing documents, an opinion letter for tax counsel to the Partnership that the project qualifies for the LIHTCs and review and approval by Mid Penn of other documents it may deem necessary. 
 As a result of the Riverview Acquisition on November 30, 2021, Mid Penn assumed a commitment to purchase a limited partnership interest in a low-income housing project to preserve and rehabilitate buildings consisting of apartments and commercial shops in Tamaqua, Schuylkill County. All the units are expected to qualify for Federal Low-Income Housing Tax Credits ("LIHTCs") as provided for in Section 42 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. Mid Penn s limited partner capital contribution commitment is expected to be million which will be paid in installments over the course of construction of the low-income housing facilities. The investment in the limited partnership will be reported in other assets on the balance sheet and amortized over a period. Additionally, the agreement commits Mid Penn to a construction loan in the maximum principal amount of million which will bear interest at annum with a term of . The project has been conditionally awarded thousand in annual LIHTCs by the Pennsylvania Housing Finance Agency, with a total anticipated LIHTC amount of million to be received by Mid Penn over the amortization period. Mid Penn s commitment to purchase the limited partnership interest is conditional upon the review and approval of all closing documents, an opinion letter for tax counsel to the Partnership that the project qualifies for the LIHTCs and review and approval by Mid Penn of other documents it may deem necessary. 
 Contingencies - As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, Mid Penn received a total of million and million, respectively, of nonrefundable loan processing fees related to the loans disbursed as a result of Mid Penn s participation in the SBA s Paycheck Protection Program ("PPP"). These fees, and any offsetting loan origination costs, were deferred in accordance with FASB ASC 310-20, Receivables Nonrefundable Fees and Other Costs, and have since been and will continue to be amortized to interest and fees on loans and leases on the Consolidated Statements of Income over the life of the respective loans. 
 As of December 31, 2022, Mid Penn is not aware of any PPP loans outstanding, or for which fees have been received from the SBA, that have been cancelled, terminated, or repaid due to a borrower being determined to be ineligible for a PPP loan. 
 Litigation - Mid Penn is subject to lawsuits and claims arising out of its normal conduct of business. In the opinion of management, after consultation with legal counsel, the ultimate disposition of these matters is not expected to have a material adverse effect on the consolidated financial condition of Mid Penn. 
 112 

Table of Contents 
 MID PENN BANCORP, INC. 

 Note 19 - 
 Weighted average shares outstanding (basic) Effect of dilutive unvested restricted stock grants Weighted average shares outstanding (diluted) Basic earnings per common share Diluted earnings per common share 
 There were antidilutive shares at December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. 
 shares of common stock at a price of per share, with the aggregate gross proceeds of the offering totaling million before underwriting discounts and offering expenses. The net proceeds of the offering after deducting the underwriting discount and other offering expenses were million. Additionally, as previously announced on a Form 8-K on December 1, 2021, Mid Penn issued shares of common stock as a result of the merger with Riverview on November 30, 2021. The additional shares issued on May 4, 2021 and November 30, 2021 significantly impacted the weighted average number of shares outstanding used for the year ended December 31, 2022 earnings per share calculations. 
 
 Note 20 -) OCI before reclassifications ) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI ) ) ) Balance - December 31, 2020 ) ) ) OCI before reclassifications ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI ) ) ) Balance - December 31, 2021 ) OCI before reclassifications ) ) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI ) ) Balance - December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 
 Treasury Stock Repurchase Program 
 Mid Penn adopted a treasury stock repurchase program ("Repurchase Program") and it was extended through March 19, 2023 by Mid Penn s Board of Directors on March 23, 2022. The Repurchase Program authorized the repurchase of up to million of Mid Penn s outstanding common stock, which represented approximately of the issued shares based 
 113 

Table of Contents 
 MID PENN BANCORP, INC. 

 shares during 2022 at an average price per share of under its share repurchase program. As of December 31, 2022, Mid Penn had repurchased shares of common stock at an average price of per share under the Repurchase Program. The Repurchase Program had million remaining available for repurchase as of December 31, 2022. 
 Dividend Reinvestment Plan 
 Under Mid Penn s amended and restated dividend reinvestment plan ("DRIP"), shares of Mid Penn s authorized but unissued common stock are reserved for issuance. The DRIP also allows for voluntary cash payments, within specified limits, to be used for the purchase of additional shares. 
 
 Note 21 - 
 Tax benefit ) ) ) Net income effect 
 The tax benefits were calculated using Mid Penn's federal statutory tax rate of 21 . Mid Penn may grant awards not exceeding, in the aggregate, shares of common stock under the 2014 Restricted Stock Plan, which was amended in 2020. The Plan was established for employees and directors of Mid Penn and the Bank, selected by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors, to align the interest of plan participants with those of Mid Penn s shareholders. 
 Share-based compensation expense relating to restricted stock is calculated using grant date fair value and is recognized on a straight-line basis over the vesting periods of the awards. Generally, restricted shares granted to employees vest in equal amounts on the anniversary of the grant date over a vesting period, and the expense is a component of salaries and benefits expense on the Consolidated Statements of Income. Restricted shares granted to directors have a vesting period, and the expense is a component of directors fees and benefits within the other expense line item on the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 114 

Table of Contents 
 MID PENN BANCORP, INC. 

 Vested ) Forfeited ) Granted Non-vested at December 31, 2022 
 At December 31, 2022, there was million of unrecognized compensation cost related to all non-vested share-based compensation awards, which will be recognized as compensation expense through June 2026 with a weighted average recognition period of years. Mid Penn recognizes the impact of forfeitures as of the forfeiture date. 
 
 Note 22 - 
 Investment in subsidiaries Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY Subordinated debt and trust preferred securities Other liabilities Shareholders' equity Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 
 Other income Total Income Expenses (Loss) income before income tax and equity in undistributed earnings of subsidiaries ) ) Income Tax Benefit Equity in undistributed earnings of subsidiaries Net Income 
 115 

Table of Contents 
 MID PENN BANCORP, INC. 

 Equity in undistributed earnings of subsidiaries ) ) ) Stock based compensation Amortization of debt issuance costs Net change in other assets ) Net change in other liabilities ) Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities ) CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES Net cash paid for acquisition ) Investment in subsidiary ) ) ) Purchases of premises and equipment Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES Dividends paid ) ) ) Employee and Director Stock Purchase Plans stock issuance Proceeds from issuance of common stock Treasury stock purchased ) ) ) Riverview restricted stock (1) 
 Subordinated debt and trust preferred securities (redemption) issuance ) ) Other, net ) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents, end of year 
 (1) Additionally, shares of restricted stock were paid out in cash resulting in thousand of cash consideration relating to stock awards. 
 116 

Table of Contents 
 MID PENN BANCORP, INC. 

 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None 
 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Mid Penn carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of its management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-15 as of December 31, 2022. Based upon that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded, as of December 31, 2022, that Mid Penn s disclosure controls and procedures were effective in recording, processing, summarizing, and reporting information required to be disclosed by Mid Penn within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and such information is accumulated and communicated to management to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. Management s Report on Internal Controls over Financial Reporting is located on page 49 of this report and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Our independent registered public accounting firm, RSM US LLP, also attested to, and reported on, the effectiveness of Mid Penn s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. RSM US LLP s attestation report appears in Part II, Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplemental Data." 
 Changes in Internal Controls over Financial Reporting 
 There have been no changes in Mid Penn s internal control over financial reporting during the fourth quarter of 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, Mid Penn s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 None 
 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 Not applicable. 
 
 PART III 
 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 The information required by this Item, relating to directors, executive officers, and control persons, is set forth under the captions "Executive Officers", "Information Regarding Director Nominees and Continuing Directors", "Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports", "Audit Committee Report", and "Governance of the Corporation" in Mid Penn s definitive proxy statement to be used in connection with the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which pages are incorporated herein by reference. 
 The Corporation has adopted a Code of Ethics that applies to directors, officers and employees of the Corporation and the Bank. The Corporation amended the Code of Ethics on January 26, 2022. A copy is posted under Governance Documents in the Corporate Information section under the Investors link on the Corporation s website, www.midpennbank.com. The Corporation s Code of Ethics may be viewed on the Mid Penn website at www.midpennbank.com or requested from the Corporate Secretary by telephone at 1-866-642-7736. 
 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 The information required by this Item, relating to executive compensation, is set forth under the captions "Compensation Discussion and Analysis", "Executive Compensation", "Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change In Control", "Information Regarding Director Nominees and Continuing Directors", "Compensation Committee Report", "Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation", and "Pay Versus Performance" of Mid Penn s definitive proxy statement to be used in connection with the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which pages are incorporated herein by reference. In accordance with Items 402(v) and 407(e)(5) of Regulation S-K, the information set forth under the captions Pay versus Performance and Compensation Committee Report in such proxy statement will be deemed to be 
 117 

Table of Contents 
 MID PENN BANCORP, INC. 

 furnished in this Report and will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act as a result of furnishing the disclosure in this manner. 
 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS 
 The information required by this Item, relating to beneficial ownership of Mid Penn s common stock, is set forth under the caption "Beneficial Ownership of Mid Penn Bancorp s Stock Held By Principal Shareholders and Management" of Mid Penn s definitive proxy statement to be used in connection with the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which pages are incorporated herein by reference. All awards under the Mid Penn Bancorp, Inc. 2014 Restricted Stock Plan are in the form of restricted stock. Accordingly, they were not included in calculating the weighted-average exercise price because the shares of common stock will be issued for no consideration. 
 The following table provides information related to equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2022: 
 Plan Category Number of Securities to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants, and Rights Weighted- average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options, Warrants, and Rights Number of Securities Remaining for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) (a) (b) (c) Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 68,416 40,536 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders Total 68,416 40,536 
 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 The information required by this Item, relating to transactions with management and others, certain business relationships and indebtedness of management, is set forth under the captions "Certain Relationships and Related Transactions" and "Governance of the Corporation" of Mid Penn s definitive proxy statement to be used in connection with the 2022 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which pages are incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 The information required by this Item, relating to the fees and services provided by Mid Penn s principal accountant, is set forth under the caption "Audit Committee Report" and "Proposal No. 5: Ratification of the Appointment of RSM US, LLP as the Corporation s Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm for 2023" of Mid Penn s definitive proxy statement to be used in connection with the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which pages are incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 PART IV 
 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBIT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 (a) Financial statements are incorporated by reference in Part II, Item 8 hereof. 
 Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 Consolidated Statements of Income 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 118 

Table of Contents 
 MID PENN BANCORP, INC. 

 (b) The financial statement schedules, required by Regulation S-X, are omitted because the information is either not applicable or is included elsewhere in the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 (c) The following Exhibits are filed as part of this filing on Form 10-K, or incorporated by reference hereto: 
 2.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of March 29, 2017, by and among Mid Penn Bancorp, Inc., Mid Penn Bank, and The Scottdale Bank and Trust Company (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 30, 2017.) 
 2.2 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of January 16, 2018, by and between First Priority Financial Corp. and Mid Penn Bancorp, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 16, 2018.) 
 2.3 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of June 30, 2021, by and between Riverview Financial Corporation and Mid Penn Bancorp, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 30, 2021.) 
 2.4 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of December 20, 2022, by and between Brunswick Bancorp. and Mid Penn Bancorp, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 20, 2022.) 
 3(i) The Registrant s amended Articles of Incorporation. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3(i) to Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2019). 
 3(ii) The Registrant s By-laws. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 24, 2022.) 
 4.1 Description of Registrant s Securities (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed on September 13, 2021.) 
 10.1 Employment Agreement among Mid Penn Bancorp, Inc., Mid Penn Bank and Joseph Paese dated September 6, 2022 - filed herewith. 
 10.2 Amended and Restated Change in Control Agreement among Mid Penn Bancorp, Inc., Mid Penn Bank and Joseph Paese dated September 6, 2022 - filed herewith. 
 10.3 Amended and Restated Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan Agreement between Mid Penn Bank and Joseph Paese dated September 6, 2022 - filed herewith. 
 10.4 The Registrant s Dividend Reinvestment Plan, as amended and restated. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 of Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-3, filed with the SEC on October 12, 2005.) 
 10.5 Mid Penn Bancorp, Inc. 2014 Restricted Stock Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Appendix A of Registrant s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A as filed with the SEC on March 27, 2014.) 
 10.6 Form of Mid Penn Bancorp, Inc. Restricted Stock Agreement. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 12, 2018.) 
 10.7 Mid Penn Bancorp, Inc. Director Stock Purchase Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 of Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-8, filed with the SEC on June 8, 2017.) 
 10.8 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement among Mid Penn Bancorp, Inc., Mid Penn Bank and Rory G. Ritrievi dated September 6, 2022 . (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 9, 2022.) 
 10.9 Employment Agreement among Mid Penn Bancorp, Inc., Mid Penn Bank and Allison Johnson dated September 6, 2022. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 9, 2022.) 
 
 119 

Table of Contents 
 MID PENN BANCORP, INC. 

 10.10 Employment Agreement among Mid Penn Bancorp, Inc., Mid Penn Bank and Scott Micklewright dated September 6, 2022. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 9, 2022.) 
 10.11 Employment Agreement among Mid Penn Bancorp, Inc., Mid Penn Bank and Justin T. Webb dated September 6, 2022. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 9, 2022.) 
 10.12 Amended and Restated Change in Control Agreement among Mid Penn Bancorp, Inc., Mid Penn Bank and Rory G. Ritrievi dated September 6, 2022. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 9, 2022.) 
 10.13 Change in Control Agreement among Mid Penn Bancorp, Inc., Mid Penn Bank and Allison Johnson dated September 6, 2022. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 9, 2022.) 
 10.14 Amended and Restated Change in Control Agreement among Mid Penn Bancorp, Inc., Mid Penn Bank and Scott Micklewright dated September 6, 2022. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 9, 2022.) 
 10.15 Amended and Restated Change in Control Agreement among Mid Penn Bancorp, Inc., Mid Penn Bank and Justin T. Webb dated September 6, 2022. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 9, 2022.) 
 10.16 Amended and Restated Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan Agreement between Mid Penn Bank and Rory G. Ritrievi dated September 6, 2022. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 9, 2022.) 
 10.17 Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan Agreement between Mid Penn Bank and Allison Johnson dated September 6, 2022. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 9, 2022.) 
 10.18 Amended and Restated Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan Agreement between Mid Penn Bank and Scott Micklewright dated September 6, 2022. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 9, 2022.) 
 10.19 Amended and Restated Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan Agreement between Mid Penn Bank and Justin T. Webb dated September 6, 2022. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 9, 2022.) 
 10.20 Form of Director Deferred Fee Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 of the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 15, 2021.) 
 10.21 Director Retirement Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 of the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 15, 2021.) 
 21 Subsidiaries of Registrant 
 23 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 31.1 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of the Principal Executive Officer. 
 31.2 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of the Principal Financial Officer. 
 32 Principal Executive and Financial Officer s 1350 Certifications. 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 
 120 

Table of Contents 
 MID PENN BANCORP, INC. 

 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted in inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 
 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 None. 
 121 

Table of Contents 
 MID PENN BANCORP, INC. 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 MID PENN BANCORP, INC. (Registrant) By: /s/ Rory G. Ritrievi Rory G. Ritrievi Chair, President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Date: March 16, 2023 By: /s/ Allison S. Johnson Allison S. Johnson Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) Date: March 16, 2023 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 122 

Table of Contents 
 MID PENN BANCORP, INC. 

 By: /s/ Rory G. Ritrievi March 16, 2023 Rory G. Ritrievi Chair, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) By: /s/ Allison S. Johnson March 16, 2023 Allison S. Johnson Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) By: /s/ Tracie D. Youngblood March 16, 2023 Tracie D. Youngblood Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) By: /s/ Robert A. Abel March 16, 2023 Robert A. Abel, Director By: /s/ Kimberly J. Brumbaugh March 16, 2023 Kimberly J. Brumbaugh, Director By: /s/ Matthew G. DeSoto March 16, 2023 Matthew G. DeSoto, Director By: /s/ Maureen M. Gathagan March 16, 2023 Maureen M. Gathagan, Director By: /s/ Howard R. Greenawalt March 16, 2023 Howard R. Greenawalt, Director By: /s/ Robert C. Grubic March 16, 2023 Robert C. Grubic, Director By: /s/ Brian A. Hudson, Sr. March 16, 2023 Brian A. Hudson, Sr., Director By: /s/ Bruce A. Kiefer March 16, 2023 Bruce A. Kiefer, Director By: /s/ Gregory M. Kerwin March 16, 2023 Gregory M. Kerwin, Director By: /s/ Theodore W. Mowery March 16, 2023 Theodore W. Mowery, Director By: /s/ John E. Noone March 16, 2023 John E. Noone, Director By: /s/ Noble C. Quandel, Jr. March 16, 2023 Noble C. Quandel, Jr., Director By: /s/ David E. Sparks March 16, 2023 David E. Sparks, Director By: /s/ William A. Specht, III March 16, 2023 William A. Specht, Director 
 123 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 mpb-20221231xexx101.htm
 EX-10.1

Document 

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 
 
 THIS EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT Agreement is made as of this 6th day of September, 2022 (the Effective Date ), between MID PENN BANCORP, INC. , a Pennsylvania business corporation (the Corporation ), MID PENN BANK , a state-chartered commercial bank (the Bank ), and JOSEPH PAESE , an adult individual Executive ). 
 WITNESSETH 
 WHEREAS , the Corporation, the Bank, and Executive desire to enter into an agreement providing for the terms of Executive s employment with the Corporation and the Bank. 
 
 AGREEMENT 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the covenants hereinafter set forth, and intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties agree, effective the date hereof, as follows 
 1. Employment . The Corporation and the Bank each hereby employs Executive, and Executive hereby accepts employment with the Corporation and the Bank, on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement. 
 2. Duties of Executive . Executive shall serve as the Executive Vice President and Director of Trust and Wealth Management of the Corporation and the Bank, reporting to the Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation, and shall have such powers and duties as may from time to time be reasonably prescribed by the Board of Directors of the Corporation (the Board and or the Board of Directors of the Bank (the Bank Board ), provided such powers and duties are consistent with Executive s position as an executive officer of the Corporation and the Bank. Excluding any periods of time off for vacation, illness, or leave to which he is entitled in accordance with the Bank s policies, Executive shall devote his full time, attention, and energies to the business of the Corporation and the Bank during the Employment Period (as defined in Section 3 of this Agreement) provided, however, that this Section 2 shall not be construed as preventing Executive from (a) engaging in activities incident or necessary to personal investments (b) acting as a member of the board of directors of any non-profit association or corporation or (c) being involved in any other business activity with the prior approval of the Board and the Bank Board. Executive shall not engage in any business or commercial activities, duties, or pursuits which compete with the business or commercial activities of the Corporation or the Bank, nor may Executive serve as a director or officer or in any other capacity in a company which competes with the Corporation or the Bank. Executive s primary place of employment shall be Harrisburg, Pennsylvania. 
 3. Term of Agreement . 
 a. Employment Period . This Agreement shall be for a period (the Employment Period beginning on the Effective Date and, if not previously terminated pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, ending on the date that is two (2) years subsequent thereto provided, however, that on the first and each subsequent annual anniversary date of this Agreement, and unless a party has given the other party written notice at least 60 days prior to such anniversary date that such party does not agree to renew this Agreement, the term of this Agreement and the Employment Period shall be deemed renewed for a term ending two (2) years subsequent to such anniversary date. 
 b. Notwithstanding anything herein contained to the contrary, nothing in this Agreement shall mandate or prohibit a continuation of Executive s employment following the expiration of the term of this Agreement upon such terms as the Board and Executive may mutually agree. 
 c. Termination for Cause . Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 3(a) of this Agreement, this Agreement may be terminated by the Corporation or the Bank for Cause (as defined herein). As used in this Agreement, Cause shall mean any of the following 
 i. willful act of material dishonesty with respect to any material matter involving the Corporation or the Bank 
 ii. theft or material misuse of Corporation or Bank property 
 iii. willful violation of any material law or regulation applicable to the Corporation or the Bank or any subsidiary thereof 
 iv. willful violation of the Corporation s or the Bank s material written policies or procedures or 
 v. conviction of, or plea of guilty or nolo contendere to, a felony, any criminal charge involving moral turpitude, or illegal substance abuse. 

vi. If this Agreement is terminated for Cause, all of Executive s rights under this Agreement shall cease as of the effective date of such termination, except that 
 1. the Bank shall pay to Executive the unpaid portion, if any, of his Annual Base Salary and any accrued but unused vacation and personal days through the date of termination and 
 2. the Bank shall provide to Executive such post-employment benefits, if any, as may be provided for under the terms of the employee benefit plans of the Bank then in effect. 
 d. Death . Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 3(a) of this Agreement, this Agreement shall terminate automatically upon Executive s death, and Executive s rights under this Agreement shall cease as of the date of such termination, except that (i) the Bank shall pay to Executive s spouse, personal representative, or estate the unpaid portion, if any, of his Annual Base Salary through his date of death and (ii) the Bank shall provide to Executive s dependents any benefits due under the Bank s employee benefit plans. 
 e. Disability . Executive, the Corporation, and the Bank agree that if Executive becomes Disabled, within the meaning of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code and the regulations thereunder, and becomes eligible for employer-provided short-term and or long-term disability benefits, or worker s compensation benefits, then the Bank s obligation to pay Executive his Annual Base Salary shall be reduced by the amount of the disability or worker s compensation benefits received by Executive. 
 f. Termination for Good Reason . Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 3(a) of this Agreement, this Agreement may be terminated by Executive for Good Reason (as defined herein). As used in this Agreement, Good Reason shall mean any of the following, if taken without Executive s written consent 
 i. Any action taken by the Bank or the Corporation which results in a material reduction or diminution in Executive s authority, duties, or responsibilities 
 ii. The assignment to Executive of duties that are materially inconsistent with Executive s authority, duties, or responsibilities 
 iii. Any material decrease in Executive s Annual Base Salary and or benefits, including any incentive compensation plan 
 iv. The reassignment of Executive to any primary place of employment that would require an additional one-way commute of 50 or more miles or 
 v. A material breach of the Agreement. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, Executive must give the Bank or the Corporation written notice of any event or condition that would constitute Good Reason within 30 days of the event or condition which would constitute Good Reason, and upon the receipt of such written notice the Bank or the Corporation shall have 30 days to remedy such event or condition. If such event or condition is not remedied within such 30-day period, any termination of employment by Executive for Good Reason must occur within 30 days after the period for remedying such condition or event has expired. 
 g. Resignation from Board of Directors . In the event Executive s employment under this Agreement is terminated for any reason, if applicable, Executive s service as a Director of the Corporation, the Bank, and any affiliate or subsidiary thereof shall immediately terminate. This Section 3(g) shall constitute a resignation notice for such purposes. 
 4. Employment Period Compensation, Benefits and Expenses . 
 a. Annual Base Salary . For services performed by Executive under this Agreement, the Bank shall pay Executive an annual base salary during the Employment Period, minus applicable withholdings and deductions, payable at the same times as salaries are payable to other executive employees of the Bank (the Annual Base Salary ). The Annual Base Salary shall be at the rate of 275,000.18 per year. The Annual Base Salary shall be reviewed annually by the Board or the Bank Board and either may, from time to time, increase Executive s Annual Base Salary, and any and all such increases shall be deemed to constitute amendments to this Agreement. 
 b. Bonus . Executive shall participate in any short-term performance plan generally made available to executives of the Corporation or Bank. 
 c. Vacations, Holidays, Etc . During the term of this Agreement, Executive shall be entitled to paid time off of at least 25 days per year or, if greater, such other amount as provided under the policies as established from time to time by the Board or the Bank Board. Executive shall also be entitled to all paid holidays, sick days, and personal days provided by the Bank to its regular full-time employees and senior executive officers. 

d. Stock Based Incentives . During the term of this Agreement, Executive shall be entitled to such stock based incentives as may be granted from time to time by the Board under the Corporation s stock based incentive plans and consistent with Executive s responsibilities and performance. 
 e. Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan . During the term of this Agreement, Executive shall be eligible to participate in a supplemental executive retirement plan under the terms and conditions as determined by the Board or the Bank Board 
 f. Employee Benefit Plans . During the term of this Agreement, Executive shall be entitled to participate in or receive the benefits of any employee benefit plan currently in effect at the Bank, subject to the eligibility and terms of each such plan, until such time that the Board or the Bank Board authorizes a change in such benefits. The Corporation and the Bank shall not make any changes in such plans or benefits which would adversely affect Executive s rights or benefits thereunder unless such change occurs pursuant to a program applicable to all executive officers of Corporation and Bank and does not result in a proportionately greater adverse change in the rights of or benefits to Executive as compared with any other executive officer of Corporation and Bank. Nothing paid to Executive under any plan or arrangement presently in effect or made available in the future shall be deemed to be in lieu of the salary payable to Executive pursuant to Section 4(a) hereof. 
 g. Perquisites and Business Expenses . During the term of this Agreement, Executive shall be entitled to receive prompt reimbursement for all customary and usual expenses incurred by him, which are properly accounted for, in accordance with the policies and procedures established by the Corporation or the Bank in accordance with industry practice for its senior executive officers. 
 h. Automobile . During the term of this Agreement, Executive shall be entitled to use of a company automobile in accordance with the automobile policy as established from time to time by the Corporation or the Bank. The Corporation or the Bank will cover the cost of maintenance, insurance, and fuel for this vehicle, and Executive will be responsible for the taxes associated with any personal use of the vehicle. 
 i. Country Club Membership . During the term of this Agreement, the Corporation or the Bank will pay the initiation fee and annual membership fee for one country club of Executive s choice. 
 5. Rights in Event of Termination of Employment . 
 a. Upon the termination of Executive s employment for any reason 
 i. the Bank shall pay to Executive in a lump sum within 30 days after the termination date (A) any Annual Base Salary that has accrued but is unpaid (B) any bonus that has been earned for the year prior to the year in which the termination date occurs, but is unpaid (C) any reimbursable expenses that have been incurred but are unpaid and (D) any accrued but unused vacation or personal days, as of the termination date and 
 ii. the Bank shall provide any vested plan benefits that by their terms extend beyond termination of Executive s employment, but only to the extent provided in any such benefit plan in which Executive has participated in accordance with the terms thereof. 
 b. If Executive s employment is involuntarily terminated by the Corporation or the Bank without Cause (other than for death or Disability) or is terminated by Executive for Good Reason, Executive shall be entitled to receive the compensation set forth below 
 i. Executive shall be paid severance equal to continuation of Executive s Annual Base Salary for the greater of (A) the remaining term of the Employment Period determined as of Executive s termination of employment or (B) six (6) months. Such amount shall be paid in accordance with the Bank s payroll practices commencing with the first payroll date following Executive s termination of employment. The amount shall be subject to federal, state and local tax withholdings. 
 ii. In addition, through the end of the period that Executive is receiving severance pursuant to Section 5(b)(i), or until Executive is eligible for substantially similar benefits through other employment, whichever shall first occur, Executive shall be permitted to continue participation in, and the Bank shall maintain the same level of contribution for, Executive s participation in the Bank s life, disability, and medical health insurance, and any other health and welfare benefits in effect with respect to Executive as of the date of his termination of employment, or, if the Bank cannot provide such benefits because Executive is no longer an employee, a dollar amount equal to the after-tax cost to Executive of obtaining such benefits (or substantially similar benefits). 
 c. Executive shall not be required to mitigate the amount of any payment provided for in Section 5(b)(i) by seeking other employment or otherwise, nor shall the amount of payment or the benefit 

provided for in Section 5(b)(i) be reduced by any compensation earned by Executive as the result of employment by another employer or by reason of Executive s receipt of or right to receive any retirement or other benefits after the date of termination of employment or otherwise. 
 d. In addition to the payments and benefits provided under Section 5(a) and 5(b), if Executive s employment is involuntarily terminated by the Corporation or the Bank without Cause (other than for death or Disability), Executive may elect with respect to any automobile made available to him by the Bank to (i) in the case of a vehicle owned by the Bank, purchase such vehicle for a cash price equal to then-applicable wholesale value as published by Kelley Blue Book or a similar service reasonably identified by the Bank or (ii) in the case of a vehicle leased by the Bank on conventional terms, assume the lease for the vehicle (provided that assumption is permitted by the lessor) or (iii) return such vehicle to the Bank without any liability of any kind whatsoever to Executive in respect of future liabilities related to such vehicle. 
 6. Restrictive Covenants Confidentiality, Non-Solicitation, Non-Disparagement . 
 a. Executive agrees that he shall not at any time, except in performance of his obligations to the Corporation and the Bank or with the prior written consent of the Corporation or the Bank, directly or indirectly, reveal to any Person (as defined in Section 3(9) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended) (other than the Corporation, the Bank, or their employees, officers, directors, shareholders, or agents) or use for the Executive s own benefit any confidential information of the Corporation, the Bank, or any of their subsidiaries or affiliates (such subsidiaries and affiliates, collectively Affiliates relating to the assets, liabilities, employees, goodwill, or business affairs of the Corporation, the Bank, or any of their Affiliates, including, without limitation, any information concerning past, present, or prospective customers, marketing, operating, or financial data, or other confidential information used by, or useful to, the Corporation, the Bank, or any of their Affiliates and known (whether or not known with the knowledge and permission of the Corporation, the Bank, or any of their Affiliates and whether or not at any time prior to the Effective Date developed, devised, or otherwise created in whole or in part by Executive s efforts) to Executive by reason of Executive s employment by, shareholdings in, or other association with the Corporation, the Bank, or any of their Affiliates and which is of tangible or intangible value to the Corporation, the Bank, or any of their Affiliates and the details of which are not generally known to their competitors or the general public Confidential Information ). Executive further agrees that Executive will retain all copies and extracts of any written or electronic Confidential Information acquired or developed by Executive during any such employment, shareholding, or association in trust for the sole benefit of the Corporation, the Bank, their Affiliates, and their successors and assigns. Upon the request and at the expense of the Corporation or the Bank, Executive will promptly make all disclosures, execute all instruments and papers, and perform all acts reasonably necessary to vest and confirm in the Corporation, the Bank, and their Affiliates, fully and completely, all rights created or contemplated by this Section 6(a). The term Confidential Information will not include information that is or becomes generally available to the public other than as a result of a disclosure by, or at the direction of, Executive. Executive s agreements set forth in this Section 6(a) regarding Confidential Information are independent of, and in addition to, Executive s agreements set forth in the rest of Section 6 and will not be construed either to enlarge or to contract the scope of such other agreements. 
 b. Executive agrees with the Corporation and the Bank that, for so long as Executive is employed by the Corporation, the Bank, or any of their Affiliates, and for a period of time (defined below) following Executive s termination of employment (whether prior to or after a Change in Control) Non-Solicit Period ), Executive will not in any way, directly or indirectly (except in the course of Executive s employment with the Corporation, the Bank, and their Affiliates), for the purpose of conducting or engaging in any Competing Business, call upon, solicit, advise, or accept business from any Person who is, or was, during the then most recent 12-month period, a customer of the Corporation, the Bank, or any of their Affiliates, or take away or interfere or attempt to take away or interfere with any custom, trade, business, patronage, or affairs of the Corporation, the Bank, or any of their Affiliates, or hire or attempt to hire, or otherwise engage or attempt to engage as an independent contractor or otherwise any Person who is, or was during the then most recent 12-month period, an employee, officer, representative, or agent of the Corporation, the Bank, or any of their Affiliates, or solicit, induce, or attempt to solicit or induce any Person who is an employee, officer, representative, or agent of the Corporation, the Bank, or any of their Affiliates to leave the employ of the Corporation, the Bank, or any of their Affiliates or cease their business 

relationship with Corporation, the Bank, or any of their Affiliates (as the case may be), or violate the terms of their contracts, or any employment arrangements, with the Corporation, the Bank, or any of their Affiliates. 
 i. In the event that Executive is involuntarily terminated for Cause or voluntary terminates employment without Good Reason, the Non-Solicit Period for all purposes (i.e., both customers and employees) will last for 12 months from the date of such termination. 
 ii. In the event that Executive is involuntarily terminated without Cause or voluntary terminates employment for Good Reason, the Non-Solicit Period with respect to customers will last for six (6) months from the date of such termination, and the Non-Solicit Period with respect to employees will last for 12 months from the date of such termination. 
 c. For purposes of this Section 6, a Competing Business means a business or enterprise (other than the Corporation, the Bank, and their Affiliates) that is engaged in the commercial banking, financial services or investment, insurance, or any similar financial services-related business in which the Corporation, the Bank, or any of their Affiliates is are currently engaged or was were so engaged during the most recent 12 months. 
 d. For purposes of this Section 6, a Change in Control means, a change in the ownership or effective control of the Corporation or a change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of the Corporation, as determined pursuant to Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code and the regulations and guidance thereunder. 
 e. Executive confirms that all Confidential Information is and will remain the exclusive property of the Corporation, the Bank, and their Affiliates. All business records, papers, and documents kept or made by Executive relating to the business of the Corporation, the Bank, and or their Affiliates will be and remain the property of the Corporation, the Bank, and their Affiliates. 
 f. Executive agrees to refrain from making, publishing, or communicating to any person or entity or in any public forum any defamatory or disparaging remarks, comments, or statements concerning the Corporation, the Bank, or any of their Affiliates, or any of its or their employees, officers, directors, agents, or advisors in their capacities as such. Subject to the provisions of this Agreement, nothing in this Section 6(f) will preclude Executive from fulfilling any duty or obligation that Executive may have at law, from responding to any subpoena or official inquiry from any court or government agency (including providing truthful testimony and or documents subpoenaed or requested), from cooperating in good faith with any such proceeding or investigation, from consulting with an attorney retained by Executive, or from taking any reasonable actions to enforce Executive s rights under this Agreement. 
 g. Without intending to limit the remedies available to the Corporation, the Bank, and their Affiliates, Executive agrees that a breach of any of the covenants contained in this Section 6 may result in material and irreparable injury to the Corporation, the Bank, or their Affiliates for which there is no adequate remedy at law, that it will not be possible to measure damages for such injuries precisely and that, in the event of such a breach or threat thereof, the Corporation, the Bank, and their Affiliates will be entitled to seek a temporary restraining order or a preliminary or permanent injunction, or both, without bond or other security, restraining Executive from engaging in activities prohibited by this Section 6 or such other relief as may be required specifically to enforce any of the covenants in this Section 6. Such injunctive relief in any court will be available to the Corporation, the Bank, and their Affiliates in lieu of, or prior to or pending determination in, any arbitration proceeding. 
 h. Although the parties consider the restrictions contained in this Section 6 to be the minimum restriction reasonable for the purposes of preserving the Corporation s and the Bank s goodwill and other proprietary rights, if a final determination is made by a court that any restriction contained in this Section 6 is an unreasonable or otherwise unenforceable restriction against the Executive, the provisions of this Section 6 will not be rendered void, but will be deemed amended to apply to the maximum extent permitted by the court. 
 i. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 5, in the event that Executive breaches any of the covenants contained in this Section 6 
 i. Any remaining payments or benefits to be provided under Section 5 will not be paid or will cease immediately upon such breach and 
 ii. The Corporation and the Bank will be entitled to the immediate repayment of all payments and benefits provided to Executive under Section 5 following the date of any such breach. 

j. Executive agrees that the covenants contained in this Section 6 may be assigned by the Corporation and the Bank, as needed, to affect its purpose and intent and that the Corporation s or the Bank s assignee will be entitled to the full benefit of the restrictions enjoyed by the Corporation and the Bank under the terms of these covenants. 
 k. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement 
 i. Executive will not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for any disclosure of a trade secret that 
 1. is made (a) in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney and (b) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law or 
 2. is made in a complaint or other document filed under seal in a lawsuit or other proceeding. 
 ii. If Executive files a lawsuit for retaliation by the Corporation, the Bank, or their Affiliates for reporting a suspected violation of law, Executive may disclose the Corporation s, the Bank s, or their Affiliate s trade secrets to Executive s attorney and use the trade secret information in the court proceeding, but only if Executive 
 1. files any document containing trade secrets under seal and 
 2. does not disclose trade secrets, except pursuant to court order. 
 7. Required Release . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, Executive s entitlement to any payments under Section 5 shall be contingent upon Executive s prior agreement with and signature to a complete release agreement in the form as mutually agreed by the parties. Such release agreement shall be executed, if at all, and the applicable payments and benefits contingent upon the execution of such agreement shall be provided or commence being provided, if at all, within 60 days following the date of termination provided, however, that if such 60-day period begins in one taxable year and ends in a second taxable year, the payments and benefits will be provided or commence being provided, if at all, in the second taxable year. The form of such release agreement is attached hereto as Exhibit A and incorporated herein by reference. 
 8. Notices . Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, any notice required or permitted to be given under this Agreement shall be deemed properly given if in writing and if mailed by registered or certified U.S. mail, postage prepaid with return receipt requested, and by regular U.S. mail, postage prepaid, to Executive s address, in the case of notices to Executive, and to the principal executive office of the Corporation, in the case of notice to the Corporation or the Bank. 
 9. Waiver . No provision of this Agreement may be modified, waived, or discharged unless such waiver, modification, or discharge is agreed to in writing and signed by Executive and an executive officer specifically designated by the Board. No waiver by either party hereto at any time of any breach by the other party hereto of, or compliance with, any condition or provision of this Agreement to be performed by such other party shall be deemed a waiver of similar or dissimilar provisions or conditions at the same or at any prior or subsequent time. 
 10. Assignment . This Agreement shall not be assignable by any party, except by the Bank and the Corporation to any successor in interest to its business. 
 11. Integration . In the event that Executive (i) is a party to an agreement with the Corporation and or the Bank providing for compensation and or benefits in the event Executive s employment terminates following a change in control of the Corporation and or the Bank (not including any Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan Agreement entered into between Executive and the Bank) (a Change in Control Agreement (ii) becomes entitled to such compensation and or benefits and (iii) becomes entitled to the compensation and benefits under Section 5, then the compensation and or benefits payable to Executive under the Change in Control Agreement shall offset any compensation and or benefits payable to Executive pursuant to Section 5. Except as provided under a Change in Control Agreement, this Agreement contains the entire agreement of the parties relating to the subject matter of this Agreement and supersedes and replaces any prior written or oral agreements between them respecting the within subject matter. 
 12. Successors, Binding Agreement . 
 a. The Corporation and the Bank will require any successor (whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation, or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the business and or assets of the Corporation and or the Bank to expressly assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Corporation and the Bank would be required to perform it if no such succession had taken place. As used in this Agreement, Corporation and Bank shall mean the Corporation and the Bank as defined previously and any successor to its respective 

business and or assets as aforesaid which assumes and agrees to perform this Agreement by operation of law or otherwise. 
 b. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by Executive s personal or legal representatives, executors, administrators, heirs, distributees, devisees, or legatees. If Executive should die following termination of Executive s employment without Cause, and any amounts would be payable to Executive under this Agreement if Executive had continued to live, all such amounts shall be paid in accordance with the terms of this Agreement to Executive s devisee, legatee, or other designee, or, if there is no such designee, to Executive s estate. 
 13. Legal Expenses Indemnification . 
 a. In the event that a party to this Agreement is required to commence litigation to obtain or enforce any right or benefit of such party under this Agreement, such party shall be entitled to reimbursement from the other party for fees and costs reasonably incurred by such party in such litigation to the extent that such party is the prevailing party in such litigation. 
 b. The Bank shall indemnify Executive against payment of any claims arising out of or in connection with any business of the Bank or the Corporation, and against payment of any costs reasonably incurred by Executive in defending against any such claims, to the fullest extent permitted by law and by the articles of incorporation and bylaws of the Corporation and the Bank. 
 14. Validity . The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement, which shall remain in full force and effect. 
 15. Applicable Law . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the domestic, internal laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, without regard to its conflicts of laws principles. 
 16. Headings . The section headings of this Agreement are for convenience only and shall not control or affect the meaning or construction or limit the scope or intent of any of the provisions of this Agreement. 
 17. Limitations on Payments . 
 a. Anything in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, in the event that it shall be determined as set forth herein that any payment or distribution by the Corporation or the Bank to or for the benefit of Executive, whether paid or payable or distributed or distributable pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or otherwise (a Payment ), would constitute an excess parachute payment within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code, and that it would be economically advantageous to Executive to reduce the Payment to avoid or reduce the taxation of excess parachute payments under Section 4999 of the Code, the aggregate present value of amounts payable or distributable to or for the benefit of Executive pursuant to this Agreement (such payments or distributions pursuant to this Agreement are hereinafter referred to as Agreement Payments shall be reduced (but not below zero) to the Reduced Amount. The Reduced Amount shall be an amount expressed in present value which maximizes the aggregate present value of Agreement Payments without causing any Payment to be subject to the taxation under Section 4999 of the Code. For purposes of this Section 17, present value shall be determined in accordance with Section 280G(d)(4) of the Code. 
 b. All determinations to be made under this Section 17 shall be made, in writing, by the Corporation s independent certified public accountant immediately prior to the Change of Control (the Accounting Firm ), which firm shall provide its determinations and any supporting calculations in writing to both the Corporation and you within 10 days of the date of termination. Any such determination by the Accounting Firm shall be binding upon the Corporation and you. You shall in your sole discretion determine which and how much of the Agreement Payments shall be eliminated or reduced consistent with the requirements of this Section 17, which determination shall be made by delivery of written notice to the Corporation within 10 days of your receipt of the determination of the Accounting Firm. Within five (5) days after your timely determination, the Corporation shall pay (or cause to be paid) or distribute (or cause to be distributed) to or for the benefit of you, such amounts as are then due to you under this Agreement. In the event you do not make such timely determination then within 15 days after Corporation s receipt of the determination of the Accounting Firm, the Corporation, in its sole discretion, may pay (or cause to be paid) or distribute (or cause to be distributed) to or for the benefit of you such portion of the Agreement Payments as it may deem appropriate, but no less than the Reduced Amount. 
 c. As a result of the uncertainty in the application of Section 280G of the Code at the time of the initial determination by the Accounting Firm hereunder, it is possible that Agreement Payments, as the case may be, will have been made by the Corporation which should not have been made Overpayment or that additional Agreement Payments which have not been made by the Corporation could have been made Underpayment ), in each case, consistent with the 

calculations required to be made hereunder. Within two (2) years after the Separation from Service, the Accounting Firm shall review the determination made by it pursuant to the preceding paragraph. In the event that the Accounting Firm determines that an Overpayment has been made, any such Overpayment shall be treated for all purposes as a loan to you which you shall repay to the Corporation together with interest at the applicable Federal rate provided for in Section 7872(f)(2) of the Code (the Federal Rate provided, however, that no amount shall be payable by you to the Corporation if and to the extent such payment would not reduce the amount which is subject to taxation under Section 4999 of the Code. In the event that the Accounting Firm determines that an Underpayment has occurred, any such Underpayment shall be promptly paid by the Corporation to or for the benefit of you together with interest thereon at the Federal Rate. 
 d. All of the fees and expenses of the Accounting Firm in performing the determinations referred to in paragraphs (b) and (c) above shall be borne solely by the Corporation. The Corporation agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Accounting Firm of and from any and all claims, damages and expenses of any nature resulting from or relating to its determinations pursuant to paragraphs (b) and (c) above, except for claims, damages or expenses resulting from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the Accounting Firm. 
 e. All payments made to Executive pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise, are subject to and conditioned upon their compliance with applicable laws and any regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 18. Recovery of Bonuses and Incentive Compensation . Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, all bonuses and incentive compensation, but not Annual Base Salary or payments due Executive under Section 5, paid hereunder (whether in equity or in cash) shall be subject to recovery by the Corporation or the Bank in the event that such bonuses or incentive compensation are based on materially inaccurate financial statements or other materially inaccurate performance metric criteria provided that a determination as to the recovery of a bonus or incentive compensation shall be made within 24 months following the date such bonus or incentive compensation was paid. In the event that the Board or the Bank Board determines that a bonus or incentive compensation payment to Executive is recoverable, Executive shall reimburse all or a portion of such bonus or incentive compensation, to the fullest extent permitted by law, as soon as practicable following written notice to Executive by the Corporation or the Bank of the same 
 19. Application of Code Section 409A . 
 a. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the receipt of any benefits under this Agreement as a result of a termination of employment shall be subject to satisfaction of the condition precedent that Executive undergo a separation from service within the meaning of Treas. Reg. 1.409A-1(h) or any successor thereto. In addition, if Executive is deemed to be a specified employee within the meaning of that term under Code Section 409A(a)(2)(B), then with regard to any payment or the provisions of any benefit that is required to be delayed pursuant to Code Section 409A(a)(2)(B), such payment or benefit shall not be made or provided prior to the earlier of (i) the expiration of the six (6) month period measured from the date of Executive s separation from service (as such term is defined in Treas. Reg. 1.409A-1(h)), or (ii) the date of Executive s death (the Delay Period ). Within 10 days following the expiration of the Delay Period, all payments and benefits delayed pursuant to this Section (whether they would have otherwise been payable in a single sum or in installments in the absence of such delay) shall be paid or reimbursed to Executive in a lump sum, and any remaining payments and benefits due under this Agreement shall be paid or provided in accordance with the normal payment dates specified for them herein. Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent that the foregoing applies to the provision of any ongoing welfare benefits to Executive that would not be required to be delayed if the premiums therefore were paid by Executive, Executive shall pay the full costs of premiums for such welfare benefits during the Delay Period and the Corporation or the Bank shall pay Executive an amount equal to the amount of such premiums paid by Executive during the Delay Period within 10 days after the conclusion of such Delay Period. 
 b. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, to the extent any expense reimbursement or other in-kind benefit is determined to be subject to Code Section 409A, the amount of any such expenses eligible for reimbursement or in-kind benefits in one calendar year shall not affect the expenses eligible for reimbursement or in-kind benefits in any other taxable year (except under any lifetime limit applicable to expenses for medical care), in no event shall any expenses be reimbursed or in-kind benefits be provided after the last day of the calendar year following the calendar year in which Executive incurred such expenses or received such benefits, and in no 

event shall any right to reimbursement or in-kind benefits be subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit. 
 c. Any payments made pursuant to Section 5, to the extent of payments made from the date of termination through March 15th of the calendar year following such date, are intended to constitute separate payments for purposes of Treas. Reg. 1.409A-2(b)(2) and thus payable pursuant to the short-term deferral rule set forth in Treas. Reg. 1.409A-1(b)(4) to the extent such payments are made following said March 15th, they are intended to constitute separate payments for purposes of Treas. Reg. 1.409A-2(b)(2) made upon an involuntary termination from service and payable pursuant to Treas. Reg. 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii), to the maximum extent permitted by said provision. 
 d. To the extent it is determined that any benefits described in Section 5(a)(ii) are taxable to Executive, they are intended to be payable pursuant to Treas. Reg. 1.409A-1(b)(9)(v), to the maximum extent permitted by said provision. 
 20. Limitation on Golden Parachute Payments . Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the obligation to make payment of any severance benefits as provided herein (including, without limitation, any payments due Executive under Section 5, and, to the extent incurred after termination, legal fees and expenses covered by Section 13) is conditioned upon compliance with applicable law, including 12 C.F.R. Part 359. In addition, Executive covenants and agrees that the Corporation and the Bank and their successors and assigns shall have the right to demand the return of any golden parachute payments (as defined in 12 C.F.R. Part 359) in the event that any of them obtain information indicating that Executive committed, is substantially responsible for, or has violated, the respective acts or omissions, conditions, or offenses contained in 12 C.F.R. 359.4(a)(4), and Executive shall promptly return any such golden parachute payment upon such demand. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the Effective Date first set forth above. 
 ATTEST MID PENN BANCORP, INC. s Rory G. Ritrievi President and CEO ATTEST MID PENN BANK s Margaret E. Steinour FSVP, Chief Administrative Officer WITNESS JOSEPH PAESE s Joseph Paese 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.2>
 3
 mpb-20221231xexx102.htm
 EX-10.2

Document 

Exhibit 10.2 
 September 6, 2022 

Re Change in Control Severance Agreement 
 AMENDED AND RESTATED 
 
 Dear Joe 
 
 Mid Penn Bancorp, Inc. (the Corporation considers it essential and in the best interests of its shareholders to foster the continuous employment of key management personnel. In this regard, the Board of Directors of the Corporation (the Board recognizes that the possibility of a termination of employment related to a change in control of the Corporation may exist and that such possibility, and the uncertainty and questions that it may raise among management, may result in the departure or distraction of management personnel to the detriment of the Corporation and its shareholders. 
 
 The Board has determined that appropriate steps should be taken to reinforce and encourage the continued attention and dedication of members of senior management of the Corporation and or Mid Penn Bank (the Bank ), including you, to their assigned duties without distraction in the face of potentially disturbing circumstances arising from the possibility of a termination of employment. 
 
 In order to induce you to remain in the employ of the Corporation and or the Bank, and in exchange for your agreement to the covenants contained herein, the Corporation and the Bank agree that you will receive the severance benefits set forth in this letter agreement (the Agreement in the event your employment is terminated under the circumstances described below. 
 Amended and Restated Agreement 
 This Agreement amends, restates, and replaces in its entirety any prior Change in Control Severance Agreement between you and the Corporation and or the Bank, including any and all subsequent amendment(s) thereto. All such prior agreements or arrangements relating to severance payments upon a Change in Control are without any further effect and are hereby rescinded. 
 1. Term of Agreement . The term of this Agreement will commence on the date above (the Effective Date and will continue for a period of three (3) years thereafter. On each anniversary of the Effective Date prior to a termination of the Agreement, without action by any party, this Agreement will automatically be renewed for one (1) additional year beyond the term otherwise established, unless one party provides written notice to the other party, at least 90 days in advance of an Anniversary Date, of its intent not to renew this Agreement. Nothing in this provision will preclude termination as otherwise provided or permitted under this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a Change in Control occurs after the Effective Date and during the term of this Agreement, this Agreement will continue in effect for a limited period of two (2) years after the date of such Change in Control, unless terminated sooner in accordance with this Agreement. 
 2. Severance Benefits . 
 2.1 Involuntary Termination or Voluntary Termination for Good Reason Following a Change in Control If your employment hereunder is terminated other than for death, disability, or Cause, or by you for Good Reason, in each case on or within 12 months after a Change in Control (such period, the Protection Period ), you will be entitled to receive 
 a. A lump sum cash payment within 60 days following your termination of employment equal to 2.25 times your highest annual base salary in effect during the 12 months preceding the date of your termination of employment and 
 b. For a period of 27 months following your termination, you and your beneficiaries will remain eligible to participate, on the same terms and conditions as apply from time to time to the Corporation s and or the Bank s executive management, in the medical, vision and dental programs of the Bank provided, however, that such eligibility will cease at such time as you become eligible to participate in comparable programs of a subsequent employer and further provided that the Corporation and the Bank will have no obligation to continue to maintain during such period any plan or program, solely as a result of the provisions of this Agreement and further provided that if you are precluded from participating in any such plan or program by its terms or applicable law, you 

will receive a dollar amount equal to the after-tax cost (estimated in good faith by the Corporation or the Bank) of obtaining such benefits, or substantially similar benefits, within 30 days following the date of your termination. 
 2.2 Change in Control . Change in Control means, a change in the ownership or effective control of the Corporation or a change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of the Corporation, as determined pursuant to Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code and the regulations and guidance thereunder. 
 2.3 Cause . Cause means any of the following events (a) willful act of material dishonesty with respect to any material matter involving the Corporation or the Bank (b) theft or material misuse of Corporation or Bank property (c) willful violation of any material law or regulation applicable to the Corporation or the Bank or any subsidiary thereof (d) willful violation of the Corporation s or the Bank s material written policies or procedures or (e) conviction of, or plea of guilty or nolo contendere to, a felony, any criminal charge involving moral turpitude, or illegal substance abuse. 
 2.4 Good Reason . Good Reason means any of the following events (a) any action taken by the Bank or the Corporation which results in a material reduction or diminution in your authority, duties, or responsibilities existing as of the date of the Change in Control (b) the assignment to you of duties that are materially inconsistent with your authority, duties, or responsibilities existing as of the date of the Change in Control (c) any material decrease in your Annual Base Salary and or benefits, including any incentive compensation plan, existing as of the date of the Change in Control (d) the reassignment of you to any primary place of employment that would require an additional one-way commute of 50 or more miles or (e) a material breach of this Agreement, in all cases after notice from you to the Corporation and or the Bank within 90 days after the initial existence of any such condition that the condition constitutes Good Reason and the failure of the Corporation and the Bank to cure such situation within 30 days after said notice. 
 2.5 Clawback For Cause Matters . If, within 90 days after a termination of your employment that entitles you to severance benefits under Section 2, the Board becomes aware of facts that, if known during your employment, it reasonably believes would have justified termination of your employment for Cause pursuant to Section 2.3 above, the Corporation and the Bank may refrain from paying any unpaid amounts due under Section 2 or require you to promptly (but in no event less than 90 days after notice to you of such determination by the Board) repay any amounts previously paid or the value of any benefits previously received under Section 2. 
 2.6 Accrued Benefits . Upon your termination of employment for any reason during the Protection Period, you, or your estate, as applicable, will receive your accrued but unpaid annual base compensation and any accrued but unpaid or otherwise vested benefits under any Corporation or Bank benefit or incentive plan. 
 
 3. Limitation on Benefits . 
 3.1 Anything in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, in the event that it shall be determined as set forth herein that any payment or distribution by the Corporation or the Bank to or for the benefit of you, whether paid or payable or distributed or distributable pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or otherwise (a Payment ), would constitute an excess parachute payment within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code, and that it would be economically advantageous to you to reduce the Payment to avoid or reduce the taxation of excess parachute payments under Section 4999 of the Code, the aggregate present value of amounts payable or distributable to or for the benefit of you pursuant to this Agreement (such payments or distributions pursuant to this Agreement are hereinafter referred to as Agreement Payments shall be reduced (but not below zero) to the Reduced Amount. 
 The Reduced Amount shall be an amount expressed in present value which maximizes the aggregate present value of Agreement Payments without causing any Payment to be subject to the taxation under Section 4999 of the Code. For purposes of this Section 3, present value shall be determined in accordance with Section 280G(d)(4) of the Code. 
 3.2 All determinations to be made under this Section 3 shall be made, in writing, by the Corporation s independent certified public accountant immediately prior to the Change in Control (the Accounting Firm ), which firm shall provide its determinations and any supporting calculations in writing to both the Corporation and you within 10 days of the date of termination. Any such determination by the Accounting Firm shall be binding upon the Corporation and you. You shall in your sole discretion determine which and how much of the Agreement Payments shall be eliminated or reduced consistent with the requirements of this Section 3, which determination shall be made by delivery of written notice to the Corporation within 10 days of your receipt of the determination of the Accounting Firm. Within five (5) days after your timely determination, the Corporation shall pay (or cause to be paid) or distribute (or cause to be distributed) to or for the benefit of you, such amounts as are then due to you under this Agreement. In the event you do not make such timely determination then within 15 days after Corporation s receipt of the determination of the Accounting Firm, the Corporation in its sole discretion may pay (or cause to be paid) or distribute (or cause to be distributed) to or for the benefit of you such portion of the Agreement Payments as it may deem appropriate, but no less than the Reduced Amount. 

3.3 As a result of the uncertainty in the application of Section 280G of the Code at the time of the initial determination by the Accounting Firm hereunder, it is possible that Agreement Payments, as the case may be, will have been made by the Corporation which should not have been made Overpayment or that additional Agreement Payments which have not been made by the Corporation could have been made Underpayment ), in each case, consistent with the calculations required to be made hereunder. Within two (2) years after the Separation from Service, the Accounting Firm shall review the determination made by it pursuant to the preceding paragraph. In the event that the Accounting Firm determines that an Overpayment has been made, any such Overpayment shall be treated for all purposes as a loan to you which you shall repay to the Corporation together with interest at the applicable Federal rate provided for in Section 7872(f)(2) of the Code (the Federal Rate provided, however, that no amount shall be payable by you to the Corporation if and to the extent such payment would not reduce the amount which is subject to taxation under Section 4999 of the Code. In the event that the Accounting Firm determines that an Underpayment has occurred, any such Underpayment shall be promptly paid by the Corporation to or for the benefit of you together with interest thereon at the Federal Rate. 
 3.4 All of the fees and expenses of the Accounting Firm in performing the determinations referred to in Sections 3.2 and 3.3 above shall be borne solely by the Corporation. The Corporation agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Accounting Firm of and from any and all claims, damages and expenses of any nature resulting from or relating to its determinations pursuant to Sections 3.2 and 3.3 above, except for claims, damages or expenses resulting from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the Accounting Firm. 
 
 4. Restrictive Covenants Confidentiality, Non-Solicitation, Non-Disparagement . 
 4.1 You agree that you will not at any time, except in performance of your obligations to the Corporation and the Bank or with the prior written consent of the Corporation or the Bank, directly or indirectly, reveal to any Person (as defined in Section 3(9) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended) (other than the Corporation, the Bank, or their employees, officers, directors, shareholders, or agents) or use for your own benefit any confidential information of the Corporation, the Bank, or any of their subsidiaries or affiliates (such subsidiaries and affiliates, collectively Affiliates relating to the assets, liabilities, employees, goodwill, or business affairs of the Corporation, the Bank, or any of their Affiliates, including, without limitation, any information concerning past, present, or prospective customers, marketing, operating, or financial data, or other confidential information used by, or useful to, the Corporation, the Bank, or any of their Affiliates and known (whether or not known with the knowledge and permission of the Corporation, the Bank, or any of their Affiliates and whether or not at any time prior to the Effective Date developed, devised, or otherwise created in whole or in part by your efforts) to you by reason of your employment by, shareholdings in, or other association with the Corporation, the Bank, or any of their Affiliates and which is of tangible or intangible value to the Corporation, the Bank, or any of their Affiliates and the details of which are not generally known to their competitors or the general public Confidential Information ). You further agree that you will retain all copies and extracts of any written or electronic Confidential Information acquired or developed by you during any such employment, shareholding, or association in trust for the sole benefit of the Corporation, the Bank, their Affiliates, and their successors and assigns. Upon the request and at the expense of the Corporation or the Bank, you will promptly make all disclosures, execute all instruments and papers, and perform all acts reasonably necessary to vest and confirm in the Corporation, the Bank, and their Affiliates, fully and completely, all rights created or contemplated by this Section 4.1. The term Confidential Information will not include information that is or becomes generally available to the public other than as a result of a disclosure by, or at the direction of, you. Your agreements set forth in this Section 4.1 regarding Confidential Information are independent of, and in addition to, your agreements set forth in the rest of Section 4 and will not be construed either to enlarge or to contract the scope of such other agreements. 
 4.2 You agree that, for so long as you are employed by the Corporation, the Bank, and or any of their Affiliates, and for a period of time (defined below) following your termination of employment (whether prior to or after a Change in Control) Non-Solicit Period ), you will not in any way, directly or indirectly (except in the course of your employment with the Corporation, the Bank, and or their Affiliates), for the purpose of conducting or engaging in any Competing Business, call upon, solicit, advise, or accept business from any Person who is, or was, during the then most recent 12-month period, a customer of the Corporation, the Bank or any of their Affiliates, or take away or interfere or attempt to take away or interfere with any custom, trade, business, patronage, or affairs of the Corporation, the Bank, or any of their Affiliates, or hire or attempt to hire, or otherwise engage or attempt to engage as an independent contractor or otherwise any Person who is, or was during the then most recent 12-month period, an employee, officer, representative, or agent of the Corporation, the Bank, or any of their Affiliates, or solicit, induce, or attempt to solicit or induce any Person who is an employee, officer, representative, or agent of the Corporation, the Bank, or any of their Affiliates to leave the employ of the Corporation, the Bank, or any of their Affiliates or cease their business relationship with the Corporation, the Bank, or any of their Affiliates (as the case 

may be), or violate the terms of their contracts, or any employment arrangements, with the Corporation, the Bank, or any of their Affiliates. 
 a. In the event that you are involuntarily terminated for Cause or voluntarily terminate employment without Good Reason, the Non-Solicit Period for all purposes (i.e., both customers and employees) will last for 12 months from the date of such termination. 
 b. In the event that you are involuntarily terminated without Cause or voluntarily terminate employment for Good Reason, the Non-Solicit Period with respect to customers will last for six (6) months from the date of such termination, and the Non-Solicit Period with respect to employees will last for 12 months from the date of such termination. 
 
 4.3 For purposes of this Section 4, a Competing Business means a business or enterprise (other than the Corporation, the Bank, and their Affiliates) that is engaged in the commercial banking, financial services or investment, insurance, or any similar financial services-related business in which the Corporation, the Bank, or any of their Affiliates is are currently engaged or was were so engaged during the most recent twelve (12) months. 
 
 4.4 You confirm that all Confidential Information is and will remain the exclusive property of the Corporation, the Bank, and their Affiliates. All business records, papers, and documents kept or made by you relating to the business of the Corporation, the Bank, and or their Affiliates will be and remain the property of the Corporation, the Bank, and their Affiliates. 
 
 4.5 You agree to refrain from making, publishing, or communicating to any person or entity or in any public forum any defamatory or disparaging remarks, comments, or statements concerning the Corporation, the Bank, or any of their Affiliates, or any of its or their employees, officers, directors, agents, or advisors in their capacities as such. Subject to the provisions of this Agreement, nothing in this Section 4.5 will preclude you from fulfilling any duty or obligation that you may have at law, from responding to any subpoena or official inquiry from any court or government agency, including providing truthful testimony, documents subpoenaed or requested or otherwise cooperating in good faith with any proceeding or investigation, from consulting with an attorney retained by you, or from taking any reasonable actions to enforce your rights under this Agreement. 
 
 4.6 Without intending to limit the remedies available to the Corporation, the Bank, and their Affiliates, you agree that a breach of any of the covenants contained in this Section 4 may result in material and irreparable injury to the Corporation, the Bank, or their Affiliates for which there is no adequate remedy at law, that it will not be possible to measure damages for such injuries precisely and that, in the event of such a breach or threat thereof, the Corporation, the Bank, and their Affiliates will be entitled to seek a temporary restraining order or a preliminary or permanent injunction, or both, without bond or other security, restraining you from engaging in activities prohibited by this Section 4 or such other relief as may be required specifically to enforce any of the covenants in this Section 4. Such injunctive relief in any court will be available to the Corporation, the Bank, and their Affiliates in lieu of, or prior to or pending determination in, any arbitration proceeding. 
 
 4.7 Although the parties consider the restrictions contained in this Section 4 to be the minimum restriction reasonable for the purposes of preserving the Corporation s and the Bank s goodwill and other proprietary rights, if a final determination is made by a court that any restriction contained in this Section 4 is an unreasonable or otherwise unenforceable restriction against you, the provisions of this Section 4 will not be rendered void, but will be deemed amended to apply to the maximum extent permitted by the court. 
 
 4.8 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 2.1, in the event that you breach any of the covenants contained in this Section 4 
 a. Any remaining payments or benefits to be provided under Section 2.1 will not be paid or will cease immediately upon such breach and 
 b. The Corporation and the Bank will be entitled to the immediate repayment of all payments and benefits provided to you under Section 2.1 following the date of any such breach. 
 
 4.9 You agree that the covenants contained in this Section 4 may be assigned by the Corporation and the Bank, as needed, to affect its purpose and intent and that the Corporation s or the Bank s assignee will be entitled to the full benefit of the restrictions enjoyed by the Corporation and the Bank under the terms of these covenants. 

4.10 Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement 
 a. You will not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for any disclosure of a trade secret that (1) is made (i) in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney and (ii) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law or (2) is made in a complaint or other document filed under seal in a lawsuit or other proceeding. 
 b. If you file a lawsuit for retaliation by the Corporation, the Bank, or their Affiliates for reporting a suspected violation of law, you may disclose the Corporation s, the Bank s, or, their Affiliates trade secrets to your attorney and use the trade secret information in the court proceeding, but only if you (1) file any document containing trade secrets under seal and (2) do not disclose trade secrets, except pursuant to court order. 
 
 5. Binding Effect and Benefit . 
 5.1 The Corporation will require any successor (whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation, or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the business or assets of the Corporation to expressly assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Corporation would be required to perform it if no such succession had taken place. Failure by the Corporation to obtain such assumption and agreement prior to the effectiveness of any such succession will constitute a material breach of this Agreement. As used in this Agreement, the Corporation means the Corporation as defined above and any successor to the respective business or assets of the Corporation as abovementioned which assumes and agrees to perform this Agreement by operation of law, or otherwise. 
 5.2 This Agreement will inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by your personal or legal representatives, executors, administrators, heirs, distributees, devisees, and legatees. If you should die while any amount is payable to you under this Agreement if you had continued to live, all such amounts, unless otherwise provided herein, will be paid in accordance with the terms of this Agreement to your devisee, legatee, or other designee, or, if there is no such designee, to your estate. 
 
 6. Assignment . This Agreement will not be assignable by either party hereto, except as provided in Section 4.9 and by the Corporation to any successor in interest to the business of the Corporation, provided that the Corporation (if it remains a separate entity) will remain fully liable under this Agreement for all obligations, payments, and otherwise. 
 7. No Mitigation or Offset . In the event of termination of your employment, you will be under no obligation to seek other employment and there will be no offset against any payment or benefit provided for in this Agreement on account of any remuneration or benefits from any subsequent employment that you may obtain, subject to Section 2.1(b). 
 8. Application of Code Section 409A . 
 8.1 Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the receipt of any benefits under this Agreement as a result of a termination of employment will be subject to satisfaction of the condition precedent that you undergo a separation from service within the meaning of Treas. Reg. 1.409A-1(h) or any successor thereto. In addition, if you are deemed to be a specified employee within the meaning of that term under Code Section 409A(a)(2)(B), then with regard to any payment or the provisions of any benefit that is required to be delayed pursuant to Code Section 409A(a)(2)(B), such payment or benefit will not be made or provided prior to the earlier of (i) the expiration of the six (6) month period measured from the date of your separation from service (as such term is defined in Treas. Reg. 1.409A-1(h)), or (ii) the date of your death (the Delay Period ). Within 10 days following the expiration of the Delay Period, all payments and benefits delayed pursuant to this Section (whether they would have otherwise been payable in a single sum or in installments in the absence of such delay) will be paid or reimbursed to you in a lump sum, and any remaining payments and benefits due under this Agreement will be paid or provided in accordance with the normal payment dates specified for them herein. To the extent that the foregoing applies to the provision of any ongoing welfare benefits to you that would not be required to be delayed if the premiums therefore were paid by you, you will pay the full costs of premiums for such welfare benefits during the Delay Period and the Corporation or the Bank will pay you an amount equal to the amount of such premiums paid by you during the Delay Period within 10 days after the conclusion of such Delay Period. 
 8.2 Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, to the extent any expense reimbursement or other in-kind benefit is determined to be subject to Code Section 409A, the amount of any such expenses eligible for reimbursement or in-kind benefits in one calendar year will not affect the expenses eligible for reimbursement or in-kind benefits in any other taxable year (except under any lifetime limit applicable to expenses for medical care), in no event will any expenses be reimbursed or in-kind benefits be provided after the last day of the calendar year 

following the calendar year in which you incurred such expenses or received such benefits, and in no event will any right to reimbursement or in-kind benefits be subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit. 
 8.3 Any payments made pursuant to Section 2.1, to the extent of payments made from the date of termination through March 15th of the calendar year following such date, are intended to constitute separate payments for purposes of Treas. Reg. 1.409A-2(b)(2) and thus payable pursuant to the short-term deferral rule set forth in Treas. Reg. 1.409A-1(b)(4) to the extent such payments are made following said March 15th, they are intended to constitute separate payments for purposes of Treas. Reg. 1.409A-2(b)(2) made upon an involuntary termination from service and payable pursuant to Treas. Reg. 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii), to the maximum extent permitted by said provision. 
 8.4 To the extent it is determined that any benefits described in Section 2.1(b) are taxable to you, they are intended to be payable pursuant to Treas. Reg. 1.409A-1(b)(9)(v), to the maximum extent permitted by said provision. 
 
 9. Miscellaneous . 
 9.1 The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this Agreement will not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement, which will remain in full force and effect. 
 9.2 The validity, interpretation, construction, and performance of this Agreement will be governed by the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, without regard to its conflict of laws principles. 
 9.3 No waiver by you, the Corporation, or the Bank at any time of any breach of, or compliance with, any provision of this Agreement to be performed by the Corporation and or the Bank or you, respectively, will be deemed a waiver of that or any other provision at any subsequent time. 
 9.4 This Agreement is the exclusive agreement with respect to the subject matter hereof. All prior negotiations and agreements related to that subject matter are hereby merged into this Agreement. You acknowledge and agree that any existing agreement regarding change in control benefits, previously entered into between you and the Corporation and or the Bank, is immediately null and void. Notwithstanding the preceding sentences of this Section 9.4, benefits provided under this Agreement are in addition to any other benefits to which you may become entitled under any Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan Agreement entered into between you and the Corporation and or the Bank. 
 9.5 Notwithstanding the termination of this Agreement, the provisions which specify continuing obligations, compensation and benefits, and rights will remain in effect until such time as all such obligations are discharged, all such compensation and benefits are received, and no party or beneficiary has any remaining actual or contingent rights under this Agreement. 
 
 10. Legal Fees . In the event of a dispute following a Change in Control, the Corporation, or its successor, will reimburse you for all legal fees and expenses reasonably incurred by you in attempting to obtain or enforce rights or benefits provided by this Agreement, but only with respect to such claim or claims upon which you prevail. 
 11. Regulatory Matters . The obligations of Corporation and the Bank under this Agreement shall in all events be subject to any required limitations or restrictions imposed by or pursuant to the Federal Deposit Insurance Act or the Pennsylvania Banking Code of 1965 as the same may be amended from time to time, including but not limited to, that all payments made to you pursuant to this Agreement, or otherwise, are subject to and conditioned upon their compliance with applicable laws and any regulations promulgated thereunder, including, without limitation, 12 C.F.R. Part 359. 

If you agree to the terms of this Agreement, please sign on the line provided below and return two signed copies. A fully executed copy will be returned to you for your files after it is signed by the Corporation and the Bank. 
 Sincerely, 
 
 MID PENN BANCORP, INC. 
 By s Rory G. Ritrievi 
 
 Title President and CEO 
 
 Dated 9 6 2022 
 
 MID PENN BANK 
 By s Margaret E. Steinour 
 
 Title FSVP, Chief Administrative Officer 
 
 Dated 9 6 2022 
 
 Agreed to and accepted and intending to be legally bound 

s Joseph Paese 
 Joseph Paese 
 
 Dated 9 6 2022 

</EX-10.2>

<EX-10.3>
 4
 mpb-20221231xexx103.htm
 EX-10.3

Document 

Exhibit 10.3 

Mid Penn Bank 
 Amended and Restated 
 Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan Agreement 
 
 This Amended and Restated Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan Agreement (this Agreement is adopted this 6 day of September, 2022 (the Effective Date ), by and between Mid Penn Bank, a Pennsylvania bank and trust company headquartered in Millersburg, Pennsylvania (the Bank ), and Joseph L. Paese (the Executive ). This Agreement amends, restates, and replaces in its entirety any prior Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan Agreement between you and the Bank, including any and all subsequent amendment(s) thereto. All such prior agreements or arrangements are without any further effect and are hereby rescinded. 
 
 The purpose of this Agreement is to provide specified benefits to the Executive, a member of a select group of management or highly compensated employees who contribute materially to the continued growth, development and future success of the Bank. This Agreement shall be unfunded for tax purposes and for purposes of Title I of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 ERISA ), as amended from time to time. 
 
 Article 1 
 Definitions 
 
 Whenever used in this Agreement, the following words and phrases shall have the meanings specified 
 
 1.1 Accrued Benefit means the dollar value of the liability that should be accrued by the Bank, under generally accepted accounting principles, for the Bank s obligation to the Executive under this Agreement, calculated by applying Accounting Standards Codification 710-10 (or any successor thereto) and the Discount Rate. 
 
 1.2 Affiliate means any business entity with whom the Bank would be considered a single employer under Code Section 414(b) and 414(c). Such term shall be interpreted in a manner consistent with the definition of service recipient contained in Code Section 409A. 
 
 1.3 Beneficiary means each designated person or entity, or the estate of the deceased Executive, entitled to any benefits upon the death of the Executive pursuant to Article 3. 
 
 1.4 Beneficiary Designation Form means the form established from time to time by the Plan Administrator that the Executive completes, signs and returns to the Plan Administrator to designate one or more Beneficiaries. 
 
 1.5 Board means the Board of Directors of the Bank as from time to time constituted. 
 
 1.6 Change in Control means a change in the ownership or effective control of the Bank, or in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of the Bank, as such change is defined in Code Section 409A and regulations thereunder. 
 
 1.7 Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and all regulations and guidance thereunder, including such regulations and guidance as may be promulgated after the Effective Date. 
 
 1.8 Competing Business means a business or enterprise (other than the Corporation, the Bank and their Affiliates) that is engaged in the commercial banking, financial services, investment or insurance business in which the Corporation, the Bank or any of their Affiliates is engaged. 
 
 1.9 Corporation means Mid Penn Bancorp, Inc. 
 
 1.10 Disability means a condition of the Executive whereby the Executive either (i) is unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment 

which can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than twelve (12) months or (ii) is, by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment which can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than twelve (12) months, receiving income replacement benefits for a period of not less than three (3) months under an accident and health plan covering employees or directors of the Bank. Medical determination of Disability may be made by either the Social Security Administration or by the provider of disability insurance covering employees or directors of the Bank, provided that the definition of disability applied under such insurance program complies with the requirements of the preceding sentence. Upon the request of the Plan Administrator, the Executive must submit proof to the Plan Administrator of the Social Security Administration s or the provider s determination. 
 
 1.11 Discount Rate means the rate used by the Plan Administrator for determining the Accrued Benefit. The initial Discount Rate is four percent (4 ). The Plan Administrator may adjust the Discount Rate to maintain the rate within reasonable standards according to generally accepted accounting principles and applicable bank regulatory guidance. 
 
 1.12 Early Termination means Separation from Service before attainment of Normal Retirement Age, except when such Separation from Service occurs within twenty-four (24) months following a Change in Control or due to death, Disability or Termination for Cause. 
 
 1.13 Normal Retirement Age means age seventy (70). 
 
 1.14 Normal Retirement Date means the later of Normal Retirement Age or Separation from Service. 
 
 1.15 Participant means any other director or employee of the Bank who is a party to an agreement providing for benefits substantially similar to this Agreement. 
 
 1.16 Person shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3(9) of ERISA. 
 
 1.17 Plan Administrator means the Compensation Committee of the Board, or such other committee or person as the Board shall appoint. 
 
 1.18 Plan Year means each twelve (12) month period commencing on January 1 st and ending on December 31 st of such year. The initial Plan Year shall commence on the Effective Date and end on the following December 31 st . 
 
 1.19 Schedule A means the schedule attached to this Agreement and made a part hereof. Schedule A shall be updated upon a change in any of the benefit amounts under Article 2. 
 
 1.20 Separation from Service means termination of the Executive s employment with the Bank and its Affiliates for reasons other than death or Disability. Whether a Separation from Service has occurred shall be determined in accordance with the requirements of Code Section 409A based on whether the facts and circumstances indicate that the Bank and Executive reasonably anticipated that no further services would be performed after a certain date or that the level of bona fide services the Executive would perform after such date (whether as an employee or as an independent contractor) would permanently decrease to no more than twenty percent (20 of the average level of bona fide services performed (whether as an employee or an independent contractor) over the immediately preceding thirty-six (36) month period (or the full period of services to the Bank if the Executive has been providing services to the Bank less than thirty-six (36) months). A Separation from Service will not be deemed to have occurred while the Executive is on military leave, sick leave, or other bona fide leave of absence if the period of such leave does not exceed six (6) months or, if longer, the period for which a statute or contract provides the Executive with the right to reemployment with the Bank. If the Executive s leave exceeds six (6) months, but the Executive is not entitled to reemployment under a statute or contract, the Executive incurs a Separation from Service on the next day following the expiration of such six (6) month period. In determining whether a Separation from Service occurs the Plan Administrator shall take into account, among other things, the definition of service recipient and employer set forth in Treasury regulation 

1.409A-l(h)(3). The Plan Administrator shall have full and final authority to determine conclusively whether a Separation from Service occurs and the date of such Separation from Service. 
 
 1.21 Specified Employee means an employee who at the time of Separation from Service is a key employee of the Bank or its Affiliates, if any stock of the Bank or its Affiliates is publicly traded on an established securities market or otherwise. For purposes of this Agreement, an employee is a key employee if the employee meets the requirements of Code Section 416(i)(1)(A)(i), (ii), or (iii) (applied in accordance with the regulations thereunder and disregarding section 416(i)(5)) at any time during the twelve (12) month period ending on December 31 (the identification period ). If the employee is a key employee during an identification period, the employee is treated as a key employee for purposes of this Agreement during the twelve (12) month period that begins on the first day of April following the close of the identification period. 
 
 1.22 Termination for Cause means Separation from Service for Cause, as such term is defined in Executive s Change in Control Agreement with the Corporation and Bank dated September 6, 2022, as the same may be amended from time to time. 
 
 1.23 Termination for Good Reason means Separation from Service for Good Reason , as such term is defined in Executive s Change in Control Agreement with the Corporation and Bank dated September 6, 2022, as the same may be amended from time to time. 
 
 Article 2 
 Distributions 
 2.1 Normal Retirement Benefit . Upon Separation from Service after attaining Normal Retirement Age, the Bank shall distribute to the Executive the benefit described in this Section 2.1 in lieu of any other benefit under this Article. 
 
 2.1.1 Amount of Benefit . The initial annual benefit under this Section 2.1 is Eighty Thousand Dollars 80,000). The Bank may increase the annual benefit under this Section 2.1 at the sole and absolute discretion of the Board. Any such discretionary increase shall require the recalculation of all the amounts on Schedule A attached hereto. 
 
 2.1.2 Distribution of Benefit . The Bank shall distribute the annual benefit to the Executive in twelve (12) equal monthly installments commencing on the first day of the month following the Normal Retirement Date. The annual benefit shall be distributed to the Executive for fifteen (15) years. 
 
 2.2 Early Termination Benefit . If Early Termination occurs, the Bank shall distribute to the Executive the benefit described in this Section 2.2 in lieu of any other benefit under this Article. 
 
 2.2.1 Amount of Benefit . The annual benefit under this Section 2.2 is the Early Termination Annual Benefit set forth on Schedule A for the Plan Year ended immediately prior to the date on which the Early Termination occurs. Additionally, the annual benefit amount shall be increased by a pro-rated amount relative to the Executive s service during the partial Plan Year in which the Early Termination occurs. This amount will be added to the annual benefit amount at the end of the preceding Plan Year on Schedule A. For example, assuming that Early Termination occurs on January 31, 2023, the Early Termination Annual Benefit would be the sum of the Early Termination Annual Benefit for the January 1 December 31, 2022 Plan Year, plus a pro-rated portion of the Early Termination Annual Benefit for the January 1 December 31, 2023 Plan Year). 
 
 2.2.2 Distribution of Benefit . The Bank shall distribute the annual benefit to the Executive in twelve (12) equal monthly installments commencing on the first day of the month following the Separation from Service. The annual benefit shall be distributed to the Executive for fifteen (15) years. 

2.3 Disability Benefit . If the Executive experiences a Disability prior to Normal Retirement Age, the Bank shall distribute to the Executive the benefit described in this Section 2.3 in lieu of any other benefit under this Article. 
 
 2.3.1 Amount of Benefit . The annual benefit under this Section 2.3 is the Disability Annual Benefit set forth on Schedule A for the Plan Year ended immediately prior to the date on which the Disability occurs. Additionally, the annual benefit amount shall be increased by a pro-rated amount relative to the Executive s service during the partial Plan Year in which the Separation from Service occurs. This amount will be added to the annual benefit amount at the end of the preceding Plan Year on Schedule A, consistent with the example in Section 2.2.1. 
 
 2.3.2 Distribution of Benefit . The Bank shall distribute the annual benefit to the Executive in twelve (12) equal monthly installments commencing on the first day of the month following the Disability. The annual benefit shall be distributed to the Executive for fifteen (15) years. 
 
 2.4 Change in Control Benefit . If a Change in Control occurs prior to Normal Retirement Age followed by Separation from Service within twenty-four (24) months following the Change in Control, the Bank shall distribute to the Executive the benefit described in this Section 2.4 in lieu of any other benefit under this Article. 
 
 2.4.1 Amount of Benefit . The annual benefit under this Section 2.4 shall be equal to the amount of the benefit payable under Section 2.1.1, as the same may be increased from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof. 
 
 2.4.2 Distribution of Benefit . The Bank shall distribute the annual benefit to the Executive in twelve (12) equal monthly installments commencing on the first day of the month following Separation from Service. The annual benefit shall be distributed to the Executive for fifteen (15) years. 
 
 2.5 Death Prior to Commencement of Benefit Payments . If the Executive dies prior to Separation from Service and Normal Retirement Age, the Bank shall distribute to the Beneficiary the benefit described in this Section 2.5. This benefit shall be distributed in lieu of any other benefit under this Article. 
 
 2.5.1 Amount of Benefit . The benefit under this Section 2.5 is the Pre-retirement Death Benefit amount set forth on Schedule A for the Plan Year ended immediately prior to the date on which the Separation from Service due to death occurs. Additionally, the annual benefit amount shall be increased by a pro-rated amount relative to the Executive s service during the partial Plan Year in which the Separation from Service due to death takes place. This amount will be added to the annual benefit amount at the end of the preceding Plan Year on Schedule A, consistent with the example in Section 2.2.1. 
 
 2.5.2 Distribution of Benefit . The Bank shall distribute the annual benefit to the Beneficiary in twelve (12) equal monthly installments commencing within sixty (60) days following the Executive s death. The annual benefit shall be distributed to the Beneficiary for fifteen (15) years. 
 2.6 Death During Distribution of a Benefit . If the Executive dies after benefit payments have commenced under this Agreement, but before receiving all such payments, the Bank shall pay the remaining benefits to the Executive s Beneficiary at the same time and in the same amounts they would have been paid to the Executive had the Executive survived. 
 2.7 Restriction on Commencement of Distributions . Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, if the Executive is considered a Specified Employee, the provisions of this Section 2.7 shall govern all distributions hereunder. If benefit distributions which would otherwise be made to the Executive due to Separation from Service are limited by Code Section 409A and regulations thereunder because the Executive is a Specified Employee, then such distributions shall not be made during the first six (6) months following Separation from Service. Rather, any distribution which would otherwise be paid to the Executive during such period shall be accumulated and paid to the Executive in a lump sum on the first day of the seventh month following Separation from Service. All subsequent distributions shall be paid in the manner specified. 

2.8 Distributions Upon Taxation of Amounts Deferred . If, pursuant to Code Section 409A, the Federal Insurance Contributions Act or other state, local or foreign tax, the Executive becomes subject to tax on the amounts deferred hereunder, then the Bank may make a limited distribution to the Executive in a manner that conforms to the requirements of Code Section 409A. Any such distribution will decrease the Executive s benefits distributable under this Agreement. 
 
 2.9 Acceleration of Payments . Except as specifically permitted herein, no acceleration of the time or schedule of any payment may be made hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, payments may be accelerated, in accordance with the provisions of Treasury Regulation 1.409A-3(j)(4) in the following circumstances (i) as a result of certain domestic relations orders (ii) in compliance with ethics agreements with the federal government (iii) in compliance with the ethics laws or conflicts of interest laws (iv) in limited cashouts (but not in excess of the limit under Code Section 402(g)(l)(B)) (v) to pay employment-related taxes or (vi) to pay any taxes that may become due at any time that the Agreement fails to meet the requirements of Code Section 409A. 
 
 2.10 Delays in Payment by Bank . A payment may be delayed to a date after the designated payment date under any of the circumstances described below, and the provision will not fail to meet the requirements of establishing a permissible payment event. The delay in the payment will not constitute a subsequent deferral election, so long as the Bank treats all payments to similarly situated Participants on a reasonably consistent basis. 
 
 2.10.1 Payments subject to Code Section 162(m) . If the Bank reasonably anticipates that the Bank s deduction with respect to any distribution under this Agreement would be limited or eliminated by application of Code Section 162(m), then to the extent deemed necessary by the Bank to ensure that the entire amount of any distribution from this Agreement is deductible, the Bank may delay payment of any amount that would otherwise be distributed under this Agreement. The delayed amounts shall be distributed to the Executive (or the Beneficiary in the event of the Executive s death) at the earliest date the Bank reasonably anticipates that the deduction of the payment of the amount will not be limited or eliminated by application of Code Section 162(m). 
 
 2.10.2 Payments that would violate Federal securities laws or other applicable law . A payment may be delayed where the Bank reasonably anticipates that the making of the payment will violate Federal securities laws or other applicable law provided that the payment is made at the earliest date at which the Bank reasonably anticipates that the making of the payment will not cause such violation. The making of a payment that would cause inclusion in gross income or the application of any penalty provision of the Code is not treated as a violation of law. 
 
 2.10.3 Solvency . A payment may be delayed where the payment would jeopardize the ability of the Bank to continue as a going concern. 
 
 2.11 Treatment of Payment as Made on Designated Payment Date . Solely for purposes of determining compliance with Code Section 409A, any payment under this Agreement made after the required payment date shall be deemed made on the required payment date provided that such payment is made by the latest of (i) the end of the calendar year in which the payment is due (ii) the 15 th day of the third calendar month following the payment due date (iii) if the Bank cannot calculate the payment amount on account of administrative impracticality which is beyond the Executive s control, the end of the first calendar year which payment calculation is practicable and (iv) if the Bank does not have sufficient funds to make the payment without jeopardizing the Bank s solvency, in the first calendar year in which the Bank s funds are sufficient to make the payment. 
 
 2.12 Facility of Payment . If a distribution is to be made to a minor, or to a person who is otherwise incompetent, then the Plan Administrator may make such distribution (i) to the legal guardian, or if none, to a parent of a minor payee with whom the payee maintains his or her residence or (ii) to the conservator or administrator or, if none, to the person having custody of an incompetent payee. Any such distribution shall fully discharge the Bank and the Plan Administrator from further liability on account thereof. 
 
 2.13 Certain Reduction of Payments . 
 
 2.13.1 Anything in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, in the event that it shall be determined as set forth herein that any payment or distribution by the Corporation or the Bank to or 

for the benefit of Executive, whether paid or payable or distributed or distributable pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or otherwise (a Payment ), would constitute an excess parachute payment within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code, and that it would be economically advantageous to Executive to reduce the Payment to avoid or reduce the taxation of excess parachute payments under Section 4999 of the Code, the aggregate present value of amounts payable or distributable to or for the benefit of Executive pursuant to this Agreement (such payments or distributions pursuant to this Agreement are hereinafter referred to as Agreement Payments shall be reduced (but not below zero) to the Reduced Amount. The Reduced Amount shall be an amount expressed in present value which maximizes the aggregate present value of Agreement Payments without causing any Payment to be subject to the taxation under Section 4999 of the Code. For purposes of this Section 2.13, present value shall be determined in accordance with Section 280G(d)(4) of the Code. 
 
 2.13.2 All determinations to be made under this Section 2.13 shall be made, in writing, by the Corporation s independent certified public accountant immediately prior to the Change in Control (the Accounting Firm ), which firm shall provide its determinations and any supporting calculations in writing to both the Bank and Executive within ten (10) days of the date of termination. Any such determination by the Accounting Firm shall be binding upon the Bank and Executive. Executive shall in his or her sole discretion determine which and how much of the Agreement Payments shall be eliminated or reduced consistent with the requirements of this Section 2.13, which determination shall be made by delivery of written notice to the Bank within 10 days of Executive s receipt of the determination of the Accounting Firm. Within five (5) days after Executive s timely determination, the Bank shall pay (or cause to be paid) or distribute (or cause to be distributed) to or for the benefit of Executive, such amounts as are then due to Executive under this Agreement. In the event Executive does not make such timely determination then within 15 days after the Bank s receipt of the determination of the Accounting Firm, the Bank in its sole discretion may pay (or cause to be paid) or distribute (or cause to be distributed) to or for the benefit of Executive such portion of the Agreement Payments as it may deem appropriate, but no less than the Reduced Amount. 
 
 2.13.3 As a result of the uncertainty in the application of Section 280G of the Code at the time of the initial determination by the Accounting Firm hereunder, it is possible that Agreement Payments, as the case may be, will have been made by the Bank which should not have been made Overpayment or that additional Agreement Payments which have not been made by the Bank could have been made Underpayment ), in each case, consistent with the calculations required to be made hereunder. Within two (2) years after the Separation from Service, the Accounting Firm shall review the determination made by it pursuant to the preceding paragraph. In the event that the Accounting Firm determines that an Overpayment has been made, any such Overpayment shall be treated for all purposes as a loan to Executive which Executive shall repay to the Bank together with interest at the applicable Federal rate provided for in Section 7872(f)(2) of the Code (the Federal Rate provided, however, that no amount shall be payable by Executive to the Bank if and to the extent such payment would not reduce the amount which is subject to taxation under Section 4999 of the Code. In the event that the Accounting Firm determines that an Underpayment has occurred, any such Underpayment shall be promptly paid by the Bank to or for the benefit of Executive together with interest thereon at the Federal Rate. 
 
 2.13.4 All of the fees and expenses of the Accounting Firm in performing the determinations referred to in paragraphs (b) and (c) above shall be borne solely by the Corporation or the Bank. The Bank agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Accounting Firm of and from any and all claims, damages and expenses of any nature resulting from or relating to its determinations pursuant to paragraphs (b) and (c) above, except for claims, damages or expenses resulting from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the Accounting Firm. 

2.14 Change in Form or Timing of Distributions . For distribution of benefits under this Article 2, the Executive and the Bank may, subject to the terms of Section 7.1, amend this Agreement to delay the timing or change the form of distributions. Any such amendment (a) may not accelerate the time or schedule of any distribution, except as provided in Code Section 409A (b) must, for benefits distributable under Section 2.2 be made at least twelve (12) months prior to the first scheduled distribution (c) must, for benefits distributable under Sections 2.1, 2.2, and 2.4, delay the commencement of distributions for a minimum of five (5) years from the date the first distribution was originally scheduled to be made and (d) must take effect not less than twelve (12) months after the amendment is made. 
 
 Article 3 
 Beneficiaries 
 
 3.1 In General . The Executive shall have the right, at any time, to designate a Beneficiary to receive any benefit distributions under this Agreement upon the death of the Executive. The Beneficiary designated under this Agreement may be the same as or different from the beneficiary designated under any other plan of the Bank in which the Executive participates. 
 
 3.2 Designation . The Executive shall designate a Beneficiary by completing and signing the Beneficiary Designation Form and delivering it to the Plan Administrator or its designated agent. If the Executive names someone other than the Executive s spouse as a Beneficiary, the Plan Administrator may, in its sole discretion, determine that spousal consent is required to be provided in a form designated by the Plan Administrator, executed by the Executive s spouse and returned to the Plan Administrator. The Executive s beneficiary designation shall be deemed automatically revoked if the Beneficiary predeceases the Executive or if the Executive names a spouse as Beneficiary and the marriage is subsequently dissolved. The Executive shall have the right to change a Beneficiary by completing, signing and otherwise complying with the terms of the Beneficiary Designation Form and the Plan Administrator s rules and procedures. Upon the acceptance by the Plan Administrator of a new Beneficiary Designation Form, all Beneficiary designations previously filed shall be cancelled. The Plan Administrator shall be entitled to rely on the last Beneficiary Designation Form filed by the Executive and accepted by the Plan Administrator prior to the Executive s death. 
 
 3.3 Acknowledgment . No designation or change in designation of a Beneficiary shall be effective until received, accepted and acknowledged in writing by the Plan Administrator or its designated agent. 
 
 3.4 No Beneficiary Designation . If the Executive dies without a valid beneficiary designation, or if all designated Beneficiaries predecease the Executive, then the Executive s spouse shall be the designated Beneficiary. If the Executive has no surviving spouse, any benefit shall be paid to the Executive s estate. 
 
 3.5 Facility of Distribution . If the Plan Administrator determines in its discretion that a benefit is to be distributed to a minor, to a person declared incompetent or to a person incapable of handling the disposition of that person s property, the Plan Administrator may direct distribution of such benefit to the guardian, legal representative or person having the care or custody of such minor, incompetent person or incapable person. The Plan Administrator may require proof of incompetence, minority or guardianship as it may deem appropriate prior to distribution of the benefit. Any distribution of a benefit shall be a distribution for the account of the Executive and the Beneficiary, as the case may be, and shall completely discharge any liability under this Agreement for such distribution amount. 
 
 Article 4 
 General Limitations 
 
 4.1 Termination for Cause . Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, the Bank shall not distribute any benefit under this Agreement if the Executive s employment with the Bank is terminated by the Bank due to a Termination for Cause. 
 
 4.2 Misstatement . No benefit shall be distributed if an insurance company which issued a life insurance policy covering the Executive and owned by the Bank denies coverage (i) for material misstatements of fact made by the Executive on an application for such life insurance, or (ii) for any other reason. 

4.3 Removal . Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, the Bank shall not distribute any benefit under this Agreement if the Executive is subject to a final removal or prohibition order issued by an appropriate federal banking agency pursuant to Section 8(e) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act. 
 
 4.4 Regulatory Restrictions . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, any payments made to the Executive pursuant to this Agreement, or otherwise, shall be subject upon compliance with 12 U.S.C. Section 1828 and FDIC Regulation 12 CFR Part 359, Golden Parachute Indemnification Payments and any other regulations or guidance promulgated thereunder. 
 
 4.5 Competition after Separation from Service . The Executive shall forfeit, for the Executive and the Beneficiary, any unpaid benefits payable hereunder, if the Executive 
 
 a. directly or indirectly, and whether as principal or investor or as an employee, officer, director, manager, partner, consultant, agent, or otherwise, alone or in association with any other Person, becomes involved in a Competing Business (as defined below) in any county in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania in which the Corporation, the Bank or any of their Affiliates has maintained a branch or other office during the period of Executive s employment (excluding an ownership interest of 100,000 or less in the stock of one or more publicly-traded companies) or 
 b. directly or indirectly, whether alone or in association with any other Person, for the purpose of conducting or engaging in any Competing Business, calls upon, solicits, or advises any Person who is, or was, during the then most recent 12-month period, a customer of the Corporation, the Bank or any of their Affiliates, or takes away or interferes or attempts to take away or interfere with any custom, trade, business, patronage, or affairs of the Corporation, the Bank or any of their Affiliates, or hires or attempts to hire, or otherwise engages or attempts to engage as an independent contractor or otherwise any Person who is, or was during the then most recent 12-month period, an employee, officer, representative, or agent of the Corporation, the Bank or any of their Affiliates, or solicits, induces, or attempts to solicit or induce any Person who is an employee, officer, representative, or agent of the Corporation, the Bank or any of their Affiliates to leave the employ of the Corporation, the Bank or any of their Affiliates or cease their business relationship with Corporation, the Bank or any of their Affiliates (as the case may be), or violate the terms of their contracts, or any employment arrangements, with the Corporation, the Bank or any of their Affiliates . 
 
 The restrictive provisions set forth in this Section 4.5 are intended to operate independently of, and not replace or be superseded by, any similar provisions contained in any other agreement between Executive and the Bank or Corporation. Although Executive and the Corporation and the Bank consider the restrictions contained in this Section 4.5 to be the minimum restriction reasonable for the purposes of preserving the Corporation s and the Bank s goodwill and other proprietary rights, if a final determination is made by a court that the time or territory, or any other restriction contained in this Section 4.5 is an unreasonable or otherwise unenforceable restriction against the Executive, the provisions of this Section 4.5 will not be rendered void, but will be deemed amended to apply as to such maximum time and territory and to such other extent as the court may determine to be reasonable. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section 4.5 shall not apply following (i) a Separation of Service after attaining Normal Retirement Age if such Separation of Service is the result of an involuntary termination of Executive s employment by the Bank (other than a Termination for Cause) (ii) a Change in Control or (iii) a Separation of Service prior to attaining Normal Retirement Age if such Separation of Service is the result of an involuntary termination of Executive s employment by the Bank (other than a Termination for Cause) or a Termination for Good Reason provided, however, that in the event of a termination as described in clause (iii) or a Termination for Cause, the provisions of Section 4.5(b) shall be effective for six months following the Separation of Service. 
 
 Article 5 
 Administration of Agreement 
 
 5.1 Plan Administrator Duties . The Plan Administrator shall be responsible for the management, operation, and administration of the Agreement. When making a determination or calculation, the Plan Administrator shall be entitled to rely on information furnished by the Bank, Executive or Beneficiary. No provision of this Agreement shall be construed as imposing on the Plan Administrator any fiduciary duty under ERISA or other law, or any duty similar to any fiduciary duty under ERISA or other law . 

5.2 Authority of Plan Administrator . The Plan Administrator shall enforce this Agreement in accordance with its terms, shall be charged with the general administration of this Agreement, and shall have all powers necessary to accomplish its purposes . 
 
 5.3 Binding Effect of Decisions . The decision or action of the Plan Administrator with respect to any question arising out of or in connection with the administration, interpretation or application of this Agreement and the rules and regulations promulgated hereunder shall be final, conclusive and binding upon all persons having any interest in this Agreement . 
 
 5.4 Compensation and Indemnity of Plan Administrator . The Plan Administrator shall serve without compensation for services rendered hereunder. The Plan Administrator is authorized at the expense of the Bank to employ such legal counsel and or recordkeeper as it may deem advisable to assist in the performance of its duties hereunder. Expenses and fees incurred in connection with the administration of this Agreement shall be paid by the Bank . 
 
 5.5 Bank Information . To enable the Plan Administrator to perform its functions, the Bank shall supply full and timely information to the Plan Administrator on all matters relating to the date and circumstances of the Executive s death, Disability or Separation from Service, and such other pertinent information as the Plan Administrator may reasonably require. 
 
 5.6 Termination of Participation . If the Plan Administrator determines in good faith that the Executive no longer qualifies as a member of a select group of management or highly compensated employees, as determined in accordance with ERISA, the Plan Administrator shall have the right, in its sole discretion, to cease further benefit accruals hereunder. 
 
 Article 6 
 Claims and Review Procedures 
 
 6.1 Claims Procedure . An Executive or Beneficiary claimant who has not received benefits under this Agreement that he or she believes should be distributed shall make a claim for such benefits as follows 
 
 6.1.1 Initiation Written Claim . The claimant initiates a claim by submitting to the Plan Administrator a written claim for the benefits. If such a claim relates to the contents of a notice received by the claimant, the claim must be made within sixty (60) days after such notice was received by the claimant. All other claims must be made within one hundred eighty (180) days of the date on which the event that caused the claim to arise occurred. The claim must state with particularity the determination desired by the claimant. 
 
 6.1.2 Timing of Plan Administrator Response . The Plan Administrator shall respond to such claimant within thirty (30) days after receiving the claim. If the Plan Administrator determines that special circumstances require additional time for processing the claim, the Plan Administrator can extend the response period by an additional thirty (30) days by notifying the claimant in writing, prior to the end of the initial thirty (30) day period, that an additional period is required. The notice of extension must set forth the special circumstances and the date by which the Plan Administrator expects to render its decision. 
 
 6.1.3 Notice of Decision . If the Plan Administrator denies part or all of the claim, the Plan Administrator shall notify the claimant in writing of such denial. The Plan Administrator shall write the notification in a manner calculated to be understood by the claimant. The notification shall set forth 
 
 (a) The specific reasons for the denial 
 (b) A reference to the specific provisions of this Agreement on which the denial is based 
 (c) A description of any additional information or material necessary for the claimant to perfect the claim and an explanation of why it is needed 
 (d) An explanation of this Agreement s review procedures and the time limits applicable to such procedures and 
 (e) A statement of the claimant s right to bring a civil action under ERISA Section 502(a) following an adverse benefit determination on review. 

6.2 Review Procedure . If the Plan Administrator denies part or the entire claim, the claimant shall have the opportunity for a full and fair review by the Plan Administrator of the denial as follows 
 
 6.2.1 Initiation Written Request . To initiate the review, the claimant, within sixty (60) days after receiving the Plan Administrator s notice of denial, must file with the Plan Administrator a written request for review. 
 
 6.2.2 Additional Submissions Information Access . The claimant shall then have the opportunity to submit written comments, documents, records and other information relating to the claim. The Plan Administrator shall also provide the claimant, upon request and free of charge, reasonable access to, and copies of, all documents, records and other information relevant (as defined in applicable ERISA regulations) to the claimant s claim for benefits. 
 
 6.2.3 Considerations on Review . In considering the review, the Plan Administrator shall take into account all materials and information the claimant submits relating to the claim, without regard to whether such information was submitted or considered in the initial benefit determination. 
 
 6.2.4 Timing of Plan Administrator Response . The Plan Administrator shall respond in writing to such claimant within thirty (30) days after receiving the request for review. If the Plan Administrator determines that special circumstances require additional time for processing the claim, the Plan Administrator can extend the response period by an additional thirty (30) days by notifying the claimant in writing, prior to the end of the initial thirty (30) day period, that an additional period is required. The notice of extension must set forth the special circumstances and the date by which the Plan Administrator expects to render its decision. 
 
 6.2.5 Notice of Decision . The Plan Administrator shall notify the claimant in writing of its decision on review. The Plan Administrator shall write the notification in a manner calculated to be understood by the claimant. The notification shall set forth 
 
 (a) The specific reasons for the denial 
 (b) A reference to the specific provisions of this Agreement on which the denial is based 
 (c) A statement that the claimant is entitled to receive, upon request and free of charge, reasonable access to, and copies of, all documents, records and other information relevant (as defined in applicable ERISA regulations) to the claimant s claim for benefits and 
 (d) A statement of the claimant s right to bring a civil action under ERISA Section 502(a). 
 
 Article 7 
 Amendments and Termination 
 
 7.1 Amendments, Generally . Except as provided in Section 7.2, this Agreement may be amended only by a written agreement signed by both the Bank and the Executive . 
 
 7.2 Amendment to Ensure Proper Characterization of Agreement . Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, this Agreement may be amended by the Bank at any time, if found necessary in the opinion of the Bank (i) to ensure that the Agreement is characterized as a plan of deferred compensation maintained for a select group of management or highly compensated employees as described under ERISA (ii) to conform the Agreement to the requirements of any applicable law or (iii) to comply with the written instructions of the Bank s auditors or banking regulators . 
 
 7.3 Agreement Termination, Generally . Except as provided in Section 7.4, this Agreement may be terminated only by a written agreement signed by the Bank and the Executive. Such termination shall not cause a distribution of benefits under this Agreement. Rather, upon such termination, benefit distributions will be made at the earliest distribution event permitted under Article 2. 
 
 7.4 Effect of Complete Terminations . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 7.3, and subject to the requirements of Code Section 409A and Treasury Regulations 1.409A-3(j)(4)(ix), at certain times 

the Bank may completely terminate and liquidate the Agreement. In the event of such a complete termination in accordance with subsections 7.4.1 or 7.4.3 below, the Bank shall pay the Executive the Accrued Benefit. In the event of such a complete termination in accordance with subsection 7.4.2 below, the Bank shall pay the Executive the present value, determined using the Discount Rate, of the benefit described in Section 2.4 hereof. In either event, such complete termination of the Agreement shall occur only under the following circumstances and conditions 
 7.4.1 Corporate Dissolution or Bankruptcy . The Bank may terminate and liquidate this Agreement within twelve (12) months of a corporate dissolution taxed under Code Section 331, or with the approval of a bankruptcy court pursuant to 11 U.S.C. 503(b)(1)(A), provided that all benefits paid under the Agreement are included in the Executive s gross income in the latest of (i) the calendar year which the termination occurs (ii) the calendar year in which the amount is no longer subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture or (iii) the first calendar year in which the payment is administratively practicable. 
 7.4.2 Change in Control . The Bank may terminate and liquidate this Agreement by taking irrevocable action to terminate and liquidate within the thirty (30) days preceding or the twelve (12) months following a Change in Control. This Agreement will then be treated as terminated only if all substantially similar arrangements sponsored by the Bank which are treated as deferred under a single plan under Treasury Regulations 1.409A-l(c)(2) are terminated and liquidated with respect to each participant who experienced the Change in Control so that the Executive and any participants in any such similar arrangements are required to receive all amounts of compensation deferred under the terminated arrangements within twelve (12) months of the date the Bank takes the irrevocable action to terminate the arrangements. 
 7.4.3 Discretionary Termination . The Bank may terminate and liquidate this Agreement provided that (i) the termination does not occur proximate to a downturn in the financial health of the Bank (ii) all arrangements sponsored by the Bank and Affiliates that would be aggregated with any terminated arrangements under Treasury Regulations 1.409A-l(c) are terminated (iii) no payments, other than payments that would be payable under the terms of this Agreement if the termination had not occurred, are made within twelve (12) months of the date the Bank takes the irrevocable action to terminate this Agreement (iv) all payments are made within twenty-four (24) months following the date the Bank takes the irrevocable action to terminate and liquidate this Agreement and (v) neither the Bank nor any of its Affiliates adopts a new arrangement that would be aggregated with any terminated arrangement under Treasury Regulations 1.409A-l(c) if the Executive participated in both arrangements at any time within three (3) years following the date the Bank takes the irrevocable action to terminate this Agreement. 

Article 8 
 Miscellaneous 
 
 8.1 Binding Effect . This Agreement shall bind the Executive, Beneficiary and the Bank and their respective successors, heirs, executors and administrators. 
 
 8.2 No Effect on Other Rights . This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the Bank and the Executive as to the subject matter hereof. No rights are granted to the Executive by virtue of this Agreement other than those specifically set forth herein. Nothing contained herein will confer upon the Executive the right to be retained in the service of the Bank nor limit the right of the Bank to discharge or otherwise deal with the Executive without regard to the existence hereof . 
 
 8.3 Non-Transferability . Benefits under this Agreement cannot be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged, attached or encumbered in any manner. 
 
 8.4 Tax Withholding and Reporting . The Bank shall withhold any taxes that are required to be withheld, including but not limited to taxes owed under Code Section 409A from the benefits provided under this Agreement. The Executive acknowledges that the Bank s sole liability regarding taxes is to forward any amounts withheld to the appropriate taxing authorities. The Bank shall satisfy all applicable reporting requirements, including those under Code Section 409A. 
 
 8.5 Applicable Law . This Agreement and all rights hereunder shall be governed by the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, except to the extent preempted by the laws of the United States of America. 

8.6 Unfunded Arrangement . The Executive and the Beneficiary are general unsecured creditors of the Bank for the distribution of benefits under this Agreement. The benefits represent the mere promise by the Bank to distribute such benefits. The rights to benefits are not subject in any manner to anticipation, alienation, sale, transfer, assignment, pledge, encumbrance, attachment or garnishment by creditors. Any insurance on the Executive s life or other informal funding asset is a general asset of the Bank to which the Executive and Beneficiary have no preferred or secured claim. 
 
 8.7 Reorganization . The Bank shall not merge or consolidate into or with another bank, or reorganize, or sell substantially all of its assets to another bank, firm or person unless such succeeding or continuing bank, firm or person agrees to assume and discharge the obligations of the Bank under this Agreement. Upon the occurrence of such an event, the term Bank as used in this Agreement shall be deemed to refer to the successor or survivor entity. 
 
 8.8 Entire Agreement . This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the Bank and the Executive as to the subject matter hereof. No rights are granted to the Executive by virtue of this Agreement other than those specifically set forth herein. 
 
 8.9 Interpretation . Wherever the fulfillment of the intent and purpose of this Agreement requires and the context will permit, the use of the masculine gender includes the feminine and use of the singular includes the plural. 
 
 8.10 Alternative Action . In the event it shall become impossible for the Bank or the Plan Administrator to perform any act required by this Agreement due to regulatory or other constraints, the Bank or Plan Administrator may perform such alternative act as most nearly carries out the intent and purpose of this Agreement and is in the best interests of the Bank, provided that such alternative act does not violate Code Section 409A. 
 
 8.11 Headings . Article and section headings are for convenient reference only and shall not control or affect the meaning or construction of any provision herein. 
 
 8.12 Validity . If any provision of this Agreement shall be illegal or invalid for any reason, said illegality or invalidity shall not affect the remaining parts hereof, but this Agreement shall be construed and enforced as if such illegal or invalid provision had never been included herein. 
 
 8.13 Notice . Any notice, consent or demand required or permitted to be given to the Bank or Plan Administrator under this Agreement shall be sufficient if in writing and hand-delivered or sent by registered or certified mail to the Bank s principal business office. Any notice or filing required or permitted to be given to the Executive or Beneficiary under this Agreement shall be sufficient if in writing and hand-delivered or sent by mail to the last known address of the Executive or Beneficiary, as appropriate. Any notice shall be deemed given as of the date of delivery or, if delivery is made by mail, as of the date shown on the postmark or on the receipt for registration or certification . 
 
 8.14 Coordination with Other Benefits . The benefits provided for the Executive or the Beneficiary under this Agreement are in addition to any other benefits available to the Executive under any other plan or program for employees of the Bank. This Agreement shall supplement and shall not supersede, modify, or amend any other such plan or program except as may otherwise be expressly provided herein . 
 
 8.15 Aggregation of Agreement . If the Bank offers other non-qualified deferred compensation plans, this Agreement and those plans shall be treated as a single plan to the extent required under Code Section 409A. 
 
 8.16 Compliance with Section 409A . This Agreement shall be interpreted and administered consistent with Code Section 409A. The Bank and the Executive intend that the Agreement comply with the provisions of Code Section 409A to prevent the inclusion in gross income of any amounts deferred hereunder in a taxable year prior to the year in which amounts are actually paid to the Executive or Beneficiary. This Agreement shall be construed, administered and governed in a manner that affects such intent, and the Administrator shall not take any action that would be inconsistent therewith. 
 signature page follows 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Executive and a duly authorized representative of the Bank have signed this Agreement. 
 
 EXECUTIVE MID PENN BANK 

s Joseph L. Paese By s Rory G. Ritrievi 
 Joseph L. Paese Title President and CEO 

Signature Page to Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan Agreement of Joseph L. Paese 

SCHEDULE A 
 
 Joseph L. Paese 
 Early Termination Disability Pre-Retirement Death Plan Year Annual Benefit Annual Benefit Annual Benefit Plan Years Commencing on the Effective Date and Ending on December 31, 2021 20,833 20,833 20,833 January 1 December 31, 2022 32,666 32,666 32,666 January 1 December 31, 2023 44,499 44,499 44,499 January 1 December 31, 2024 56,332 56,332 56,332 January 1 December 31, 2025 68,165 68,165 68,165 January 1 December 31, 2026 and All Subsequent Plan Years 80,000 80,000 80,000 

</EX-10.3>

<EX-21>
 5
 mpb-20221231xexx21.htm
 EX-21

Document 

MID PENN BANCORP, INC. 
 EXHIBIT 21 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF REGISTRANT 
 Name State of Incorporation 
 Mid Penn Bank Pennsylvania 
 MPB Financial Services LLC Pennsylvania 
 MPB Wealth Management LLC Pennsylvania 
 MPB Risk Services LLC Pennsylvania 
 MPB Launchpad Fund 1 LLC Pennsylvania 
 MPB Real Estate LLC Pennsylvania 
 MPB Charitable Foundation Inc. Pennsylvania 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 6
 mpb-20221231xexx23.htm
 EX-23

Document 

MID PENN BANCORP, INC. 
 EXHIBIT 23 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements (Nos. 333-248442, 333-218592, 333-197024 and 333-170833) on Form S-8, the Registration Statement (No. 333-128958) on Form S-3, and the Registration Statement (No. 333-269890) on Form S-4 of Mid Penn Bancorp, Inc. of our reports dated March 16, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Mid Penn Bancorp, Inc., appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Mid Penn Bancorp, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

s RSM US LLP 
 
 Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 
 March 16, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 mpb-20221231xexx311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

MID PENN BANCORP, INC. 
 EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Rory G. Ritrievi, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Mid Penn Bancorp, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report. 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report. 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 By s Rory G. Ritrievi Chair, President and CEO Date March 16, 2023 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 mpb-20221231xexx312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

MID PENN BANCORP, INC. 
 EXHIBIT 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Allison S. Johnson, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Mid Penn Bancorp, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report. 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report. 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 By s Allison S. Johnson Chief Financial Officer Date March 16, 2023 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 9
 mpb-20221231xexx32.htm
 EX-32

Document 

MID PENN BANCORP, INC. 
 EXHIBIT 32 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND 
 PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADDED BY SECTION 906 OF THE 
 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the annual report of Mid Penn Bancorp, Inc. (the Corporation on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Rory G. Ritrievi, President and CEO, and I, Allison S. Johnson, Chief Financial Officer, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as added pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 2. To my knowledge, the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of Mid Penn Bancorp, Inc. as of the dates and for the periods expressed in the Report. 
 By s Rory G. Ritrievi Chair, President and CEO Date March 16, 2023 
 By s Allison S. Johnson Chief Financial Officer Date March 16, 2023 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 mpb-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 mpb-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 mpb-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 mpb-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 mpb-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

