<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1509223_0001410578-23-000594.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>16868986</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>948914</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2294361</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6372404</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2497782</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4299477</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>26</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001410578-23-000594.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331173043
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001410578-23-000594
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		131
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Renren Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001509223
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-AUTO DEALERS & GASOLINE STATIONS [5500]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35147
		FILM NUMBER:		23789399

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5/F, NORTH WING
		STREET 2:		18 JIUXIANQIAO MIDDLE ROAD
		CITY:			CHAOYANG DISTRICT, BEIJING
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			100016
		BUSINESS PHONE:		86 (10) 8448-1818

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5/F, NORTH WING
		STREET 2:		18 JIUXIANQIAO MIDDLE ROAD
		CITY:			CHAOYANG DISTRICT, BEIJING
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			100016

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001410578-23-000594.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 tmb-20221231x10k.htm
 10-K

Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 

 FORM 

 (Mark One) 

 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the Fiscal Year Ended , 2022 OR 

 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to . Commission File Number: 

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

 Not Applicable (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) (IRS Employer Identification No.) , , (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code) (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Not for trading, but only in connection with the listing on The New York Stock Exchange of American depositary shares. Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: Title of each class None 

 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 of Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by checkmark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No As of June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of shares held by non-affiliates of the registrant (based upon the closing sale price of the registrant s American depositary shares on the New York Stock Exchange on June 30, 2022) was approximately million. For purposes of calculating the aggregate market value of shares held by non-affiliates, we have assumed that all outstanding shares are held by non-affiliates, except for shares held by each of our executive officers, directors and 5 or greater shareholders. In the case of 5 or greater shareholders, we have not deemed such shareholders to be affiliates unless there are facts and circumstances which would indicate that such shareholders exercise any control over our company, or unless they hold 10 or more of our outstanding ordinary shares. These assumptions should not be deemed to constitute an admission that all executive officers, directors and 5 or greater shareholders are, in fact, affiliates of our company, or that there are not other persons who may be deemed to be affiliates of our company. Further information concerning shareholdings of our officers, directors and principal shareholders is included or incorporated by reference in Part III, Item 12 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. As of March 24, 2023, the registrant had Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares outstanding. 

 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE Portions of the registrant s proxy statement relating to registrant s 2023 annual general meeting of shareholders are incorporated by reference in Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K to the extent stated herein. Such proxy statement will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days of the registrant s fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

Table of Contents 
 Renren Inc. Form 10-K For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2022 TABLE OF CONTENTS Part I Item 1. Business 2 Item 1A. Risk Factors 6 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 33 Item 2. Properties 33 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 33 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosure 34 Part II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 35 Item 6. Reserved 42 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 42 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 56 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 56 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 56 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 56 Item 9B. Other Information 58 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdiction that Prevent Inspections 58 Part III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 59 Item 11. Executive Compensation 59 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 59 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 59 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 59 Part IV Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 61 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 65 
 i 

Table of Contents 
 NOTE ABOUT FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements generally relate to future events, financial or operating performance. Forward-looking statements often include words such as may, should, expects, plans, anticipates, could, intends, target, projects, contemplates, believes, estimates, predicts, potential or continue or the negative of these words or other similar terms or expressions that concern our expectations, strategy, plans, risks, or intentions. Forward-looking statements include, among other things, statements regarding: future financial performance including statements about our revenue, cost of sales, gross margins, operating expenses, and business strategies; predictions regarding the size and growth potential of the markets for our products or our ability to serve those markets; ability to retain our customer base, grow the average subscription revenue per customer, or sell additional products and services to the customer base; ability to expand our sales organization or research and development activities to address effectively existing and serve new markets we intend to target; anticipate and address the technological or service needs of our customers, to release upgrades to our existing software platforms, and to develop new and enhanced applications to meet the needs of our customers; likelihood of macro-economic events that may impact the ability to operate within certain markets or disrupt the flow of products and services such as pandemics, wars, and deterioration of relations between sovereign entities; future regulatory, judicial, and legislative changes or developments in the U.S. and foreign countries, particularly those in which we operate and sell products, including China; regulatory changes, business relationships and operating risks that impact our ability to compete within the industries we serve; anticipated investments, including in sales and marketing, research and development, customer service and support, data center infrastructure, and our expectations relating to such investments; ability to attract, hire, and retain talent including sales, software development, or management personnel to expand operations; accuracy of our estimates regarding expenses, future revenues, gross margins, and needs for additional financing; ability to obtain funding for our operations; ability to integrate and grow acquired businesses and achieve anticipated results from strategic partnerships; anticipated effect on the business of litigation to which we are or may become a party; and effectiveness of lead generation, branding, and other demand generation strategies to reach our customers and sustain growth. 
 We caution you that the foregoing list may not contain all of the forward-looking statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Forward-looking statements may appear throughout this report and other documents we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), including without limitation, the following sections: Part I, Item 1 Business; Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors; and Part II, Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. These forward-looking 
 1 

Table of Contents 
 statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to risks and uncertainties, which could cause our actual results to differ materially from those reflected in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and in particular, the risks discussed in Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors of this report and those discussed in other documents we file with the SEC. We undertake no obligation to revise or publicly release the results of any revision to these forward-looking statements, except as required by law. Given these risks and uncertainties, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. As used herein, (i) Renren, the company, we, us, our, and similar terms include Renren Inc. and its subsidiaries and, in the context of describing our consolidated financial information, also include the VIE and its subsidiaries, unless the context indicates otherwise; (ii) ADSs refers to American depositary shares, each of which represents 45 of our Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.001 per share; (iii) Chime refers to Chime Technologies, Inc., our majority-owned subsidiary incorporated in the State of Delaware; (iv) PRC and China refers to the People s Republic of China, excluding, for purposes of this Annual Report only, Hong Kong, Macau, and Taiwan; (v) Qianxiang Shiji refers to Qianxiang Shiji Technology Development (Beijing) Co., Ltd., our wholly owned subsidiary incorporated in China; (vi) Qianxiang Tiancheng and VIE refers to Beijing Qianxiang Tiancheng Technology Development Co., Ltd., a company incorporated in China; (vii) Shares and ordinary shares refer to our Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.001 per share; (viii) Trucker Path refers to Trucker Path, Inc., our majority-owned subsidiary incorporated in the State of Delaware; and (ix) all dollar amounts refer to United States (U.S.) dollars unless otherwise indicated. Our financial statements are expressed in U.S. dollars, which is our reporting currency. Certain yuan (RMB or renminbi) figures in this Annual Report are translated into U.S. dollars solely for the reader s convenience. Unless otherwise noted, all convenience translations from yuan to U.S. dollars in this Annual Report were made at a rate of RMB 6.8983 to 1.00, the exchange rate in effect as of December 31, 2022 as set forth in the H.10 statistical release of the Federal Reserve Board. We make no representation that any yuan or U.S. dollar amounts could have been, or could be, converted into U.S. dollars or yuan, as the case may be, at any particular rate, at the rate stated above, or at all. PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS Overview We currently operate two U.S. software-as-a-service, or SaaS, businesses, Chime and Trucker Path. Our businesses help companies, small business owners, and sole proprietors streamline their operations, reach more customers, and close business transactions using our SaaS products and services. We launched our SaaS businesses in the United States in August 2016 with Chime, an all-in-one real estate solution provider. In August 2022, we acquired Rentancy, LTD., a U.K based provider of bookkeeping and operations management solutions to property managers and landlords. In December 2017, we acquired Trucker Path, Inc., a transportation network company specializing in online and mobile services for the trucking industry in the United States. We began our operations in China in 2002 and incorporated our current holding company Renren Inc., in February 2006 in the Cayman Islands under our prior name, Oak Pacific Interactive. Through a corporate restructuring in March 2006, Oak Pacific Interactive became the holding company. In December 2010, we changed our corporate name from Oak Pacific Interactive to Renren Inc. In May 2011, we completed our initial public offering and the ADSs representing our Class A ordinary shares began trading on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol RENN. Since our initial public offering, we acquired and/or disposed of a number of businesses, including an online video sharing website, group-buying services business, consumer financing, online gaming, mobile live streaming and used automobile. With the acquisition of our SaaS businesses and then the completion of the Kaixin deconsolidation in June 2021, we have completed a transition of our global business to the United States and North America. Effective January 1, 2023, we also transitioned from a foreign private issuer to a domestic issuer. Commencing fiscal year 2021, we officially moved our global headquarters from Beijing, China to Phoenix, Arizona, where most of our executive and senior management now resides. Our SaaS businesses, whose sales are almost exclusively to customers within the United States, generate the majority of our revenue. A significant portion of our research and development team resides in China, with engineers also employed in the Philippines, United States, Pakistan, and Eastern Europe. Our 
 2 

Table of Contents 
 sales and marketing and customer service operations, focused on acquiring and servicing North American customers, are located in the United States and the Philippines. For a full discussion of the history and development of our business, please refer to Items 4A and 4B of our Annual Report on Form 20-F for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 filed with the SEC on May 2, 2022. Our Strengths We believe that our success and growth strategy benefit from the following key strengths: Comprehensive product features and solutions: We have designed SaaS products that cover a broad customer requirement spectrum, are easy to use, and that we are continually enhancing in response to the needs of our customers. We believe our SaaS products provide features that customers use in operating their businesses every day and that our products features and functionality compare favorably with competitive offerings on the market. Lean-startup and product-led growth company culture: We believe that our company culture and management systems focus managers and operating personnel on achieving growth efficiently. In addition to monitoring top line growth, we closely monitor operating performance, cash sources and uses, and key operating measures including customer acquisition cost, operating margins, and efficiency. Our product-led growth mindset drives us to iterate quickly and use customer acquisition cost and product adoption trends to direct investment and adjust priorities rapidly. We believe our culture enables continuous improvement and innovation with cost efficiency and instills managerial disciplines to allocate resources wisely. Large and Growing Customer Installs: Our SaaS businesses serve a large base of active users and subscribers. We believe our active users and subscribers provide us the opportunity to offer additional paid products and services to paid subscribers and convert active users to paying users. SaaS active users, especially engaged users, also provide for growing Network effects which drive increased brand awareness, product usage, ecosystem and partner networks, and referrals from existing users. 
 Our Strategy Our goal is to identify, acquire, operate, and grow SaaS businesses, including outside the United States where opportunities exist, in market segments with high prospects for growth. We seek to invest in or acquire SaaS businesses in industries we expect to benefit from SaaS, including, but not limited to, business process automation, sales cycle time reduction, improved customer reach and engagement, and enabling network effects that connect industry participants so they may expand their networks and transact business more efficiently. Although we intend to operate and grow our SaaS businesses, we will divest of such businesses in part or in full when we believe it is in the best interest of the Company and its stakeholders. The key elements of our strategy: Grow our customer base: The markets for our SaaS Services are large and fragmented with the workforce we serve comprised of owner operators and real estate agents. Our SaaS offerings provide solutions that allow us to reach individual operators and agents using inbound marketing, customer service, and referrals from active users of our products. Our services also provide features and functionality to service fleets and real estate brokerages which we intend to grow through our traditional channels and the use of traditional field sales. Increase revenue from existing customers: We will continue to direct our leveraged development operations to invest in features and functionalities that allow us to develop new features and services that our customers will purchase and use to expand their reach and make their work easier. This will include making investments to better serve enterprise and mid-market accounts and to improve and simplify the work our customers perform, using legacy processes, with our SaaS services or through offerings from partners in our ecosystem. Pursue partnerships and acquisitions: We plan to selectively pursue partnerships and acquire complementary businesses that expand our addressable market, add technologies and teams that allow us to enhance our platforms, accelerate the pace of innovation, or allow us to resell and offer services and products that our active users and subscribers would buy through our platforms. 

 3 

Table of Contents 
 Chime We started our SaaS business with the launch of Chime, an all-in-one CRM and sales acceleration platform, in August 2016. Chime is a comprehensive SaaS platform designed to help real estate professionals close more deals faster. The platform combines IDX websites, lead generation, marketing automation, advanced lead management, and powerful AI to cost-effectively capture and convert leads into new business. Our subscribing real estate professionals use Chime to launch and oversee marketing campaigns, track leads, build customer relationships, manage websites, and seamlessly communicate with teams and associates across the entire real estate customer lifecycle using multiple devices. In August 2022, we acquired Rentancy, LTD. A UK based property management operations SaaS product and services company. The acquisition of Rentancy marks the extension of our platform and initial entry into serving the property management market with SaaS products and services. Chime allows users to import lead and contact information of potential buyers and sellers from third-party platforms onto the Chime platform. Chime can automatically categorize potential real estate transactions based on type, zip code, budget, source, and other features. Chime allows individual real estate professionals, real estate teams, or brokerages to display and market properties and services, to source and engage with potential buyers and sellers, to distribute potential deals among team members, monitor deal progress, and monitor key performance indicators to evaluate the efficiency and performance of their real estate sales activities. Chime users may leverage artificial intelligence to auto-respond to inquiries from potential buyers and sellers with customized scripted responses. Chime enables real estate professionals to keep in touch with clients by text, phone calls, and emails. Chime provides IDX to real estate professionals to help them design customized websites. Chime also allows users to download property data from multiple property listing databases and displays those properties on their websites. Chime users also have the ability to publish comparative market analyses and similar reports for their clients. Utilizing Chime s advertising services, real estate professionals can place advertisements on third-party websites and platforms to generate leads and demand for listings. Chime also offers mailed print advertising services to its clients. Trucker Path In December 2017, we acquired 100 of Trucker Path, Inc., a transportation network company specializing in online and mobile services for the trucking industry in North America. Its core product is the Trucker Path application, a trip planning companion for truck drivers, which enables a large community of truck drivers to assist each other in updating the real-time status of relevant points-of-interest along their route, plan trips, and use navigational assistance, including turn-by-turn assistance, to their destinations, including detailed directions within shipping and receiving docks. Trucker Path helps truck drivers find truck stops, parking, weigh stations, truck washes, restaurants, hotels, rest areas, and more. Real-time information, such as availability of parking or the cost of fuel, is provided for these points-of-interest. Over 370,000 businesses are listed as points-of-interest on Trucker Path, for which truck drivers can add their own ratings and reviews. Trucker Path s companion app known as TruckLoads brings truck drivers, freight brokers, and shippers together onto a single digital freight exchange. Truck drivers can search for loads and customize their search criteria by geography, trailer type, pickup date and destination, among other things. They can also set up push notifications for loads in their area or loads that fit their most recent search criteria. Truck drivers can combine TruckLoads with Trucker Path to source loads, plan routes that maximize the amount of time they spend carrying loads, and reach their destination more safely and efficiently by avoiding obstacles such as clearance, hazmat, weight limit and no truck zone restrictions. Brokers and shippers can find carriers for their loads, complete contracts, and track their loads while in transit from pickup to delivery. Trucker Path serves SMB truck fleets with its enterprise Transportation Management System offering called Trucker Path COMMAND, which combines the core driver app with an operator portal to enable fleet managers to organize and dispatch drivers, communicate throughout the organization, track job progress and manage their business through a single unified portal. Trucker Path also offers its community an in-app Marketplace of discounted products and services drivers and small trucking companies need including fuel discounts, tax and accounting services, medical and life insurance, and more. We also sell in-app point-of-interest and banner advertising to businesses that market and sell their products and services to Trucker Path users. The Trucker Path platform has over 800,000 active users and 90,000 paid subscriptions. Technology Chime has an engineering team of 148 members, including front-end and back-end developers, mobile developers, product managers and Quality Assurance personnel. We are actively releasing product updates every month based on user feedback and our team s analysis. 
 4 

Table of Contents 
 Trucker Path has an engineering team of 167 members, including mobile developers, front end/back end engineers, product managers and Quality Assurance personnel. We actively release product updates on all of our products, namely Trucker Path, TruckLoads, and Trucker Path Command. Intellectual Property Our intellectual property includes trademarks related to our brands and services, copyrights in software, patents and other intellectual property rights and licenses. We seek to protect our intellectual property assets and brand through a combination of monitoring and enforcement of trademark, patent, copyright and trade secret protection laws in the United States and other jurisdictions, as well as through confidentiality agreements and procedures. Sales and Marketing We have built our brands through a multitude of avenues, including: industry trade shows; online digital marketing; publicity of major milestones and achievements; collaboration with relevant partners; and email marketing on opted-in subscribers to our product updates and industry news. 
 Like most SaaS companies, the majority of Chime s sales are from leads derived from online digital marketing and closed by our internal sales teams. When sales inquiries come in from the marketing channels mentioned above, our sales team books a demo with a potential customer, completes the demo, and tries to close the deal. During 2021, we released the Enterprise version of its product and expanded our sales team to convert enterprise customers. Enterprise customers, due to the number of seats they require, the large fees, long contract durations, and unique requirements typically require more interaction between Chime sales professionals and the customer, multiple touches, and a longer sales cycle than Chime s traditional SMB customer-base. The main marketing channels for Trucker Path include online digital marketing, as well as publicity of our product milestones and industry research on various media outlets. We employ an inside sales team, located in the Philippines and the United States, to sell our Trucker Path Command products, onboard customers, provide customer support, and convert users of our products to paid subscribers. We offer our Command product as well as offerings that bundle our Driver, TruckLoads, and Command applications to Fleets that operate multiple trucks. These multi-truck and Enterprise accounts require more touches and a longer sales cycle than Trucker Path s traditional owner operator customer-base. Key Agreements Not applicable. Competition For Chime, we compete with various Real Estate CRM vendors as well as a few integrated marketing-centric platforms. We also compete with other CRMs, Salesforce partners, and companies who offer digital marketing solutions for realtors, as well as direct mail service vendors. As we enter the Property Management market, we expect to increasingly compete with vendors that provide software and services to property managers and landlords. Trucker Path mainly competes with other map service providers for professional truckers, small fleet navigation and trip optimization service providers, and other digital load boards. We also compete with other companies that sell advertising on behalf of businesses that serve the needs of truckers. 
 5 

Table of Contents 
 Government Regulation We are subject to numerous United States (U.S.) federal, state, and foreign laws and regulations covering a wide variety of subject matters. Like other companies in the technology industry, we face scrutiny from both U.S. and foreign governments with respect to our compliance with laws and regulations. Many of these laws and regulations are evolving and their applicability and scope, as interpreted by the courts, remain uncertain. Our compliance with these laws and regulations may be onerous and could, individually or in the aggregate, increase our cost of doing business, make our products and services less useful, limit our ability to pursue certain business models, cause us to change our business practices, affect our competitive position relative to our peers, and/or otherwise have an adverse effect on our business, reputation, financial condition, and operating results. For additional information about government regulation applicable to our business, see Item 1A. Risk Factors. Seasonality The sales performance of Chime has a small correlation with seasonality, but it mostly fluctuates with the macro cycle of the real estate market. For Trucker Path, seasonality has a more obvious impact. Our sales are mainly driven by active users, primarily long-haul truck drivers. Usually during winter months, when the U.S. and Canada experience more extreme weather, and long holidays, such as Thanksgiving, Christmas and New Year, transportation demands decrease, and typically increase again with the return of Spring. Employees and human capital resources As of December 31, 2022, we had 601 full-time employees. Of these full-time employees, 323 employees are engaged in research and development activities, 212 are engaged in sales and marketing, and 66 are engaged in management and administration. As of December 31, 2022, we had 124 employees in the United States, 292 employees in China, 146 employees in the Philippines, and 39 employees in other countries. None of our employees are represented by a labor union or covered by a collective bargaining agreement. We believe we maintain a good working relationship with our employees, and we have not experienced any major labor disputes. We operate in a highly competitive environment for human capital, particularly as we seek to attract and retain talent with solid experience in the SaaS sectors. We believe that we offer our employees competitive compensation packages and a dynamic work environment that encourages initiative and is based on merit. As a result, we have generally been able to attract and retain qualified personnel and maintain a stable core management team. Our human capital resources objectives include, as applicable, identifying, recruiting, retaining, incentivizing and integrating our existing and additional employees. To help promote alignment between our employees and our shareholders, all employees are currently eligible to participate in our equity incentive plans through the receipt of new hire and annual equity grants. We believe that in addition to incentivizing growth that leads to shareholder value, broad eligibility for our equity incentive plans helps promote employee retention. Available Information Our investor relations website is located at ir.renren-inc.com . Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and our Proxy Statements, and any amendments to these documents, are available through our investor relations website, free of charge, after we file them with the SEC. We also provide a link to the section of the SEC s website at www.sec.gov that has all of the reports that we file or furnish with the SEC. Further, corporate governance information, including our board committee charters, and code of conduct, is also available on our investor relations website. The contents of our websites are not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in any other report or document we file with the SEC, and any references to our websites are intended to be inactive textual references only. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Investing in the ADSs involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, in addition to the other information set forth in this annual report on Form 10-K, including the consolidated financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this annual report on Form 10-K, before purchasing the ADSs. If any of the following risks actually occur, our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations could be negatively impacted. In that case, the trading price 
 6 

Table of Contents 
 of the ADSs would likely decline and you might lose all or part of your investment. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial also may impair our business operations. Principal Risk Factors Our business is subject to numerous risks that you should be aware of before making an investment decision. These risks are described more fully in this Risk Factors section and include, among others: Risks Related to Our Business and Industry We have a history of losses from operations and negative cash flows from operating activities, which may continue in the future. Our business growth is dependent upon customer renewals, the addition of new customers, increased revenue from existing customers, and the continued growth of the market for our SaaS businesses. Our revenue and operating results may suffer if we fail to achieve these goals. Our subscription renewal rates may decrease, and any decrease could harm our future revenue and operating results. We face significant competition from both established and new companies offering SaaS products and other related applications similar to those we offer, as well as internally developed software, which may harm our ability to add new customers, retain existing customers, and grow our business. Our SaaS products serve cyclical market segments that are often adversely impacted by economic downturns and changes in economic conditions. Such changes may impact our growth, paid subscriptions, and profitability particularly if we fail to anticipate and respond to such changes in economic conditions. We have experienced rapid growth in headcount and organizational change in recent periods and expect continued future growth. If we fail to manage our growth effectively, we may be unable to execute our business plan, maintain high levels of service, or address competitive challenges adequately. Failure to effectively develop and expand our marketing, sales, customer service, and content management capabilities could harm our ability to increase our customer base and achieve broader market acceptance of our products and services. If we fail to further enhance our brand and maintain our existing strong brand awareness, our ability to expand our customer base will be impaired and our financial condition may suffer. If we fail to adapt and respond effectively to rapidly changing technology, evolving industry standards, and changing customer needs or requirements, our SaaS products may become less competitive. If we fail to offer high-quality customer support, our business and reputation may suffer. Our ability to introduce new services and features is dependent on adequate research and development resources. If we do not adequately fund our research and development efforts, we may not be able to compete effectively and our business and operating results may be harmed. We rely on sophisticated information systems and third-party cloud infrastructure to run our business. The failure of these systems, any service disruptions or outages, or the inability to enhance our capabilities, could have a material adverse effect on our business, sales, and results of operations. 
 7 

Table of Contents 
 Cyber-attacks, computer viruses, physical or electronic break-ins or other unauthorized access to our or our business partners computer systems could result in misuse of confidential information and misappropriation of funds of our customers, subject us to liabilities, cause reputational harm, and adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition. Security concerns about online payment systems we use could damage our reputation and deter current and potential users from using our services. Interruptions or delays in service from our third-party data center providers could impair our ability to deliver our SaaS services to our customers, resulting in customer dissatisfaction, damage to our reputation, loss of customers, limited growth, and reduction in revenue. We are dependent on the continued availability of third-party online marketing and data hosting and transmission services, and an increase in costs for such services may significantly harm our operating results. If we do not or cannot maintain the compatibility of our SaaS services with third-party applications that our customers use in their businesses, our revenue will decline. We rely on data provided by third parties, the loss of which could limit the functionality of our SaaS services and disrupt our business. Privacy and data security concerns and the lack of end users acceptance of internet behavior tracking may limit the applicability, use and adoption of our SaaS services. Unfavorable U.S. and global economic conditions could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. A large portion of our research and development operations reside in China and depend on healthy trade and government relations between the U.S. and China as well as the performance of the internet infrastructure and fixed telecommunications networks in China. The disruption of such relations or infrastructure may harm our business. We have granted, and may continue to grant, share options, restricted share units, and other share-based awards under our equity incentive plans, which may result in increased share-based compensation expenses. Our ownership interest, and correspondingly that of our shareholders, including holders of the ADSs, in our SaaS operating businesses Chime and Trucker Path may be diluted if the respective companies issue new shares to third parties to raise capital or pursuant to their equity incentive plans. We may not be able to prevent unauthorized use of our intellectual property, which could materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations. We have been and may continue to be subject to intellectual property infringement claims or other allegations by third parties for services we provide or for information or content displayed on, retrieved from or linked to our websites or distributed to our users, which may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and prospects. 
 Risks Related to Our Corporate Structure Our dual-class voting structure allows our two largest shareholders to significantly influence our actions over important corporate matters, will limit your ability to influence corporate matters, and could discourage others from pursuing any change-of-control transactions that holders of our Class A ordinary shares and ADSs may view as beneficial. If the PRC government finds that the contractual arrangements that establish the corporate structure for our operations in China do not comply with PRC governmental restrictions on foreign investment, or if these regulations or the interpretation of existing 
 8 

Table of Contents 
 regulations change in the future, we could be subject to severe penalties or be forced to relinquish our interests in those operations. We have contractual arrangements with, Qianxiang Tiancheng, a VIE, for some of our China operations, which may not be as effective in providing operational control as direct ownership. Any failure by Qianxiang Tiancheng or its shareholders to perform their obligations under our contractual arrangements with them would have a material adverse effect on our ability to conduct business and negatively affect our financial condition. 
 Risks Related to the ADSs If the PCAOB is unable to inspect our auditors as required under the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act, the SEC will prohibit the trading of the ADSs. A trading prohibition for the ADSs, or the threat of a trading prohibition, may materially and adversely affect the value of your investment. We may be a passive foreign investment company, or a PFIC, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, which could result in adverse U.S. federal income tax consequence to U.S. Holders of the ADSs or ordinary shares. If we or any of our subsidiaries is a controlled foreign corporation, there could be materially adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences to certain U.S. Holders of our ordinary shares. 
 Risks Related to Our Business and Industry We have a history of losses from operations and negative cash flows from operating activities, which may continue in the future. We have incurred net losses and negative cash flows from operating activities in the past and we may not be able to achieve or maintain profitability or positive cash flow in the future. Our total revenues increased from 32.2 million in 2021 to 45.8 million in 2022, and loss from continuing operations were 103.4million and 76.4 million in 2021 and 2022, respectively. We had negative cash flows from continuing operating activities of 19.0 million and 3.8 million in 2021 and 2022, respectively. We expect to continue as a going concern. As of December 31, 2022, we had net current assets (current assets less current liabilities) of 29.2 million, and an accumulated deficit of 692.6 million. Our ability to continue as a going concern depends on our ability to generate cash flows from operations and to conduct adequate financing activities. In January 2021, we received 68.0 million from a related party as payment of receivables due. We have sufficient cash reserve for our operating needs for at least the next twelve months from the date of this Annual Report. However, if negative cash flow from operating activities persists in the long run, cash resources may become insufficient to satisfy our on-going cash requirements. Additional funding may not be available on acceptable terms, or at all. In addition, we may not be able to access a portion of our existing cash, cash equivalents and investments due to market conditions. For example, on March 10, 2023, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC), took control and was appointed receiver of Silicon Valley Bank (SVB). If other banks and financial institutions enter receivership or become insolvent in the future in response to financial conditions affecting the banking system and financial markets, our ability to access our existing cash, cash equivalents and investments may be threatened and could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. Further, as a result of geopolitical and macroeconomic events, including the COVID-19 pandemic and the ongoing military conflict between Ukraine and Russia and related sanctions, the global credit and financial markets have experienced volatility and disruptions, including severely diminished liquidity and credit availability, declines in consumer confidence, declines in economic growth, increases in unemployment rates, and uncertainty about economic stability. If the equity and credit markets deteriorate, it may make any necessary debt or equity financing more difficult, more costly or more dilutive. Expansion into new businesses may present operating and marketing challenges different from those we currently encounter, and we cannot assure that new business initiatives will be successful enough to justify the time, effort, and resources that we devote to them or ultimately achieve profitability. Any of the above events could significantly harm our business, prospects, financial condition, and results of operations and cause the price of the ADSs to decline. 
 9 

Table of Contents 
 Our business growth is dependent upon customer renewals, the addition of new customers, increased revenue from existing customers, and the continued growth of the market for our SaaS businesses. Our revenue and operating results may suffer if we fail to achieve these goals. We derive, and expect to continue to derive, a substantial portion of our revenue from the sale of subscriptions to our SaaS services, Chime and Trucker Path. The market for our SaaS applications is rapidly evolving, and competitive dynamics may cause pricing levels to change as the market matures and as existing and new market participants introduce new types of applications and different approaches to enable businesses to address their respective needs. As a result, we may be forced to reduce the prices we charge for our products and may be unable to renew existing customer subscriptions or enter into new customer subscriptions at the same prices and on the same terms as we have historically. In addition, our growth strategy involves the offering of freemium versions of our products to provide customers an opportunity to use our product and expand their use of our SaaS services with paid offerings, cross-sell our products to existing marketing product customers and upsell new value-added services and features through touchless or low-touch in-product purchases. If our cross-selling efforts are unsuccessful or if our existing customers do not expand their use of our SaaS services or adopt additional offerings and features, our operating results may suffer. Our subscription renewal rates may decrease, and any decrease could harm our future revenue and operating results. Our customers have no obligation to renew their subscriptions for our SaaS services after the expiration of their subscription periods, most of which are one year or less and often month-to-month. In addition, our customers may seek to renew at lower subscription tiers, for fewer seats, or for shorter contract lengths. Customers may choose not to renew their subscriptions for a variety of reasons. Our renewal rates may decline or fluctuate as a result of a number of factors, including limited customer resources, pricing changes, the prices of services offered by our competitors, adoption and utilization of our SaaS services and add-on applications by our customers, adoption of our new products, customer satisfaction with our SaaS services, mergers and acquisitions affecting our customer base, reductions in our customers spending levels or declines in customer activity as a result of economic downturns or uncertainty in financial markets. If our customers do not renew their subscriptions for our SaaS services or decrease the amount they spend with us, our revenue will decline and our business will suffer. In addition, a subscription model creates certain risks related to the timing of revenue recognition and potential reductions in cash flows. A portion of the subscription-based revenue we report each period results from the recognition of deferred revenue relating to subscription agreements entered into during past periods. A decline in new or renewed subscriptions in any period may not be immediately reflected in our reported financial results for that period, but it may result in a decline in our revenue in future periods. If we were to experience significant downturns in subscription sales and renewal rates, our reported financial results might not reflect such downturns until future periods. We face significant competition from both established and new companies offering SaaS products and other related applications similar to those we offer, as well as internally developed software, which may harm our ability to add new customers, retain existing customers, and grow our business. The SaaS software market is evolving, highly competitive and fragmented. With the introduction of new technologies and the potential entry of new competitors into the market, we expect competition to persist and intensify in the future, which could harm our ability to increase sales, maintain or increase renewals, and maintain our prices. We face intense competition from other software companies that develop productivity software for real estate professionals and the long-haul trucking industry. Competition could significantly impede our ability to sell subscriptions to our SaaS products on terms favorable to us. Our current and potential competitors may develop and market new technologies that render our existing or future products less competitive, or obsolete. In addition, if these competitors develop products with similar or superior functionality to our SaaS services, we may need to decrease the prices or accept less favorable terms for our SaaS services subscriptions in order to remain competitive. If we are unable to maintain our pricing due to competitive pressures, our margins will be reduced and our operating results will be negatively affected. In addition, instead of using our SaaS services, some prospective customers may elect to combine disparate point applications that provide functionality similar to our products. We expect that new competitors, such as enterprise software vendors or Transportation Management System providers that have traditionally focused on enterprise resource planning and enterprise software solutions, will develop and introduce applications offering customer-facing functions like our products and services. This development could have an 
 10 

Table of Contents 
 adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition. In addition, competitors could acquire or develop applications that compete with our software offerings. Our current and potential competitors may have significantly more financial, technical, marketing and other resources than we have, be able to devote greater resources to the development, promotion, sale and support of their products and services, may have more extensive customer bases and broader customer relationships than we have, and may have longer operating histories and greater name recognition than we have. As a result, these competitors may have the ability to respond faster to new technologies and undertake more extensive marketing campaigns for their products. In a few cases, these vendors may also be able to offer marketing, sales, customer service, and other services at little or no additional cost by bundling it with their existing suite of applications. To the extent any of our competitors has existing relationships with potential customers, those customers may be unwilling to purchase our SaaS services because of their existing relationships with our competitor. If we are unable to compete with such companies, the demand for our software and services could substantially decline. In addition, if one or more of our competitors were to merge or partner with another of our competitors, our ability to compete effectively could be adversely affected. Our competitors may also establish or strengthen cooperative relationships with our current or future strategic distribution and technology partners or other parties with whom we have relationships, thereby limiting our ability to promote and deliver our SaaS services. We have experienced rapid growth in headcount and organizational change in recent periods and expect continued future growth. If we fail to manage our growth effectively, we may be unable to execute our business plan, maintain high levels of service, or address competitive challenges adequately. Our headcount and operations have grown substantially. For example, we had 601 full-time employees as of December 31, 2022, as compared with 409 as of December 31, 2021. During 2022, we have employed personnel in Pakistan, and with the acquisition of Rentancy, in the United Kingdom and multiple locations in Europe. Our growth has placed, and will continue to place, a significant strain on our management, administrative, operational, and financial infrastructure. We anticipate further growth will be required to address increases in our product offerings and continued expansion. Our success will depend, in part, upon our ability to recruit, hire, train, manage, and integrate a significant number of qualified managers, technical personnel, and employees in specialized roles within our company, including in technology, and sales and marketing. Furthermore, it may become more difficult to preserve our corporate culture as we grow. Any failure to preserve our culture could harm our future success, including our ability to retain and recruit personnel, innovate and operate effectively, and execute our business strategy. If we experience any of these effects in connection with future growth, our new employees perform poorly, or we are unsuccessful in recruiting, hiring, training, managing, integrating, and retaining these new employees or retaining our existing employees, it could materially impair our ability to attract new customers, retain existing customers, and expand their use of our SaaS services, all of which would materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. In addition, to manage the expected continued growth of our headcount, operations, and geographic expansion, we will need to continue to improve our information technology infrastructure, operational, financial, and management systems and procedures. Anticipated additional headcount and related investments will increase our daily operating costs, which will make it more difficult for us to address any future revenue shortfalls by reducing expenses quickly. If we fail to successfully manage our growth, we will be unable to successfully execute our business plan, which could have a negative impact on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. Failure to effectively develop and expand our marketing, sales, customer service, and content management capabilities could harm our ability to increase our customer base and achieve broader market acceptance of our products and services. To increase our customer base and achieve broader market acceptance of our SaaS services, we will need to expand our marketing, sales, customer service, and advertising operations, including our own sales force and third-party channel partners. We will continue to dedicate significant resources to inbound sales and marketing programs. The effectiveness of our inbound sales and marketing and third-party channel partners has varied over time, may vary in the future, and depends on our ability to maintain and improve our products, customer service, and reputation. All of these efforts will require us to invest significant financial and other resources. Our business will be seriously harmed if our efforts do not generate a correspondingly significant increase in revenue. We may not achieve anticipated revenue growth from expanding our sales force if we are unable to hire, develop and retain talented sales personnel, if our new sales personnel are unable to achieve desired productivity levels in a reasonable period of time or if our sales and marketing programs are not effective. 
 11 

Table of Contents 
 If we fail to further enhance our brand and maintain our existing strong brand awareness, our ability to expand our customer base will be impaired and our financial condition may suffer. We believe that the development of our SaaS brands is critical to achieving widespread awareness of our existing and future SaaS services, and, as a result, is important to attracting new customers and retaining existing customers. Successful promotion and maintenance of our brands will depend largely on the effectiveness of our marketing efforts and on our ability to provide a reliable and useful customer experience at competitive prices. Brand promotion activities may not yield increased revenue, and even if they do, any increased revenue may not offset the expenses we incur in building our brand. If we fail to successfully promote and maintain our brand, our business could suffer. If we fail to adapt and respond effectively to rapidly changing technology, evolving industry standards, and changing customer needs or requirements, our SaaS products may become less competitive. Our future success depends on our ability to adapt and innovate our SaaS services. To attract new customers and increase revenue from existing customers, we need to continue to enhance and improve our offerings to meet customer needs at prices that our customers are willing to pay. Such efforts will require adding new functionality and responding to technological advancements, which will increase our research and development costs. If we are unable to develop new applications and features that address our customers needs, or to enhance and improve our SaaS services in a timely manner, we may not be able to maintain or increase market acceptance of our products. Our ability to grow is also subject to the risk of future disruptive technologies. Access to and use of our SaaS services is provided via the cloud, which, itself, was disruptive to the previous enterprise software model. If new technologies emerge that are able to solve problems more effectively or offer services similar to ours at lower prices, more efficiently, more conveniently or more securely, such technologies could adversely affect our ability to compete. If we fail to offer high-quality customer support, our business and reputation may suffer. High-quality education, training and customer support are important for the successful marketing, sale and use of our SaaS services and for the renewal of existing customers. Providing this education, training and support requires that our customer support personnel have specific domain knowledge and expertise in our products and services, making it more difficult for us to hire qualified personnel and to scale up our support operations. The importance of high-quality customer support will increase as we expand our business and pursue new customers including large multi-seat enterprise accounts. If we do not help our customers use our products, perceive value in their use, and provide effective ongoing support, our ability to sell additional functionality and services to, or to retain, existing customers may suffer and our reputation with existing or potential customers may be harmed. Our ability to introduce new services and features is dependent on adequate research and development resources. If we do not adequately fund our research and development efforts, we may not be able to compete effectively and our business and operating results may be harmed. To remain competitive, we must continue to develop new offerings, applications, features and enhancements to our SaaS services. Maintaining adequate research and development personnel and resources to meet the demands of the market is essential. If we are unable to develop our SaaS services internally due to certain constraints, such as high employee turnover, lack of management ability, or a lack of other research and development resources, we may miss market opportunities. Most of our research and development personnel and resources are based outside the United States, particularly in China. If we fail to maintain or expand research and development personnel and resources in a manner that satisfies customer preferences in a timely and cost-effective manner, we may fail to retain our existing customers or increase demand for our SaaS products. Further, many of our competitors expend a considerably greater amount of funds on their research and development programs, and those that do not may be acquired by larger companies that would allocate greater resources to our competitors research and development programs. Our failure to maintain adequate research and development resources or to compete effectively with the research and development programs of our competitors could materially adversely affect our business. We rely on sophisticated information systems and third-party cloud infrastructure to run our business. The failure of these systems, any service disruptions or outages, or the inability to enhance our capabilities, could have a material adverse effect on our business, sales, and results of operations. Our business and reputation depend upon the performance, reliability, availability, integrity and efficient operation of our information systems and third-party cloud infrastructure we contract with to host and make our SaaS products available to subscribers. There is no assurance that we or our service providers will be able to prevent damage or interruption to the infrastructure and computer 
 12 

Table of Contents 
 systems on which our SaaS products reside, from natural disasters, power or telecommunications failures, software errors, bugs or defects, configuration errors, computer viruses, denial-of-service attacks, security breaches, hacking attempts, sanctions, de-platforming boycotts or criminal acts at all times. In the event of a service disruption or outage in our computer systems, our computer systems may not be able to store, retrieve, process and manage data. For example, we may experience temporary service disruptions or data losses during data migrations between old and new systems or system upgrades. We may not be able to recover all data and services in the event of a service disruption or outage. Any interruption or delays in our services, whether due to third-party error or our own error, natural disasters or security breaches, whether accidental or willful, could harm our relationships with our customers and users of our SaaS services, damage our reputation, subject us to liabilities, and cause customers and users of our SaaS services to abandon our SaaS services, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Cyber-attacks, computer viruses, physical or electronic break-ins or other unauthorized access to our or our business partners computer systems could result in misuse of confidential information and misappropriation of funds of our customers, subject us to liabilities, cause reputational harm and adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition. Our SaaS services collect, store and process certain personal information and other sensitive data from our customers. The massive data that we have processed and stored makes us and our server hosting service providers the targets of, and potentially vulnerable to, cyber-attacks, computer viruses, hackers, denial-of-service attacks, physical or electronic break-ins or other unauthorized access. While we have taken steps to protect such confidential information, our security measures may be breached. Because techniques used to sabotage or obtain unauthorized access into systems change frequently and generally are not recognized until they are launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. Any accidental or willful security breaches or other unauthorized access to our or our server hosting service providers systems could cause confidential customer information to be stolen and used for criminal purposes. As personally identifiable and other confidential information is subject to legislation and regulations in numerous domestic and international jurisdictions, inability to protect confidential information of our customers could result in additional cost and liability for us, damage our reputation, inhibit the use of our SaaS services and harm our business. We also face indirect technology and cybersecurity risks relating to our business partners, including our third-party payment service providers who manage the transfer of customer funds. As a result of increasing consolidation and interdependence of computer systems, a technology failure, cyber-attack or other information or security breach that significantly compromises the systems of one entity could have a material impact on our business partners. Although our agreements with third-party payment service providers provide that each party is responsible for the cybersecurity of its own systems, any cyber-attacks, computer viruses, hackers, denial-of-service attacks, physical or electronic break-ins or similar disruptions of such third-party payment service providers could, among other things, adversely affect our ability to serve our customers, and could even result in misappropriation of funds of our customers. If that were to occur, we and our third-party payment service providers could be held liable to customers who suffer losses from the misappropriation. Security concerns about online payment systems we use could damage our reputation and deter current and potential users from using our services. We could be liable for any breach of security relating to our payment platforms or the third-party online payment platforms we use, and concerns about the security of internet transactions could damage our reputation, deter current and potential users from using our SaaS services and have other adverse consequences to our business. Currently, we sell a substantial portion of our services and applications to our users through third-party online payment platforms using the internet or mobile networks. In all these online payment transactions, secured transmission of confidential information over public networks is essential to maintain consumer confidence. In addition, we expect that an increasing amount of our sales will be conducted over the internet as a result of the growing use of online payment systems. As a result, associated online fraud will likely increase as well. Our current security measures and those of the third parties with whom we transact business may not be adequate. We must be prepared to increase and enhance our security measures and efforts so that our users have confidence in the reliability of the online payment systems that we use, which will impose additional costs and expenses and may still not guarantee complete safety. In addition, we do not have control over the security measures of our third-party online payment vendors. Although we have not in the past experienced material security breaches of the online payments that we use, such security breaches could expose us to litigation and possible liability for failing to secure confidential customer information and could, among other things, damage our reputation and the perceived security of the online payment systems that we use. 
 13 

Table of Contents 
 Interruptions or delays in service from our third-party data center providers could impair our ability to deliver our SaaS services to our customers, resulting in customer dissatisfaction, damage to our reputation, loss of customers, limited growth, and reduction in revenue. We currently serve the majority of our customers in reliance upon third-party data hosting facilities operated by Amazon Web Services. Our operations depend, in part, on our third-party facility providers abilities to protect these facilities against damage or interruption from government actions or natural disasters, such as earthquakes and hurricanes, power or telecommunications failures, and similar events. In the event that any of our third-party facilities arrangements is terminated, or if there is a lapse of service or damage to a facility, we could experience interruptions in our SaaS services as well as delays and additional expenses in arranging new facilities and services. Any damage to, or failure of, the systems of our third-party providers could result in interruptions to our SaaS services. Despite precautions taken at our data centers, the occurrence of spikes in usage volume, a natural disaster, such as earthquakes or hurricane, an act of terrorism, vandalism or sabotage, a decision to close a facility without adequate notice, or other unanticipated problems at a facility could result in lengthy interruptions in the availability of our on-demand software. Even with current and planned disaster recovery arrangements, our business could be harmed. These factors in turn could further reduce our revenue, subject us to liability and cause us to issue credits or cause customers to fail to renew their subscriptions, any of which could materially adversely affect our business. We are dependent on the continued availability of third-party online marketing and data hosting and transmission services, and an increase in costs for such services may significantly harm our operating results. A significant portion of our inbound lead generation and data center operating costs come from third-party marketing service providers, such as Google ads, and third-party data hosting and transmission service providers. If the costs for such services increase due to vendor consolidation, regulation, contract renegotiation, or otherwise, we may not be able to increase the fees for our CRM Platform or services to cover the changes. As a result, our operating results may be significantly worse than forecast. If we do not or cannot maintain the compatibility of our SaaS services with third-party applications that our customers use in their businesses, our revenue will decline. A significant percentage of our customers choose to integrate our SaaS services with certain capabilities provided by third-party application providers using application programming interfaces, or APIs, published by these providers. We also depend on integrations, for our Trucker Path business to load boards and the Transportation Management Systems of brokers and shippers that interface with the drivers that subscribe to our SaaS services. The functionality, popularity, and continued growth of our product ecosystem depends, in part, on our ability to integrate our SaaS services with third-party applications and platforms, including Amazon Web Services, Here Maps, and Google Cloud, that our customers use and from which they obtain data. Third-party providers of applications and APIs may change the features of their applications and platforms, restrict our access to their applications and platforms, or alter the terms governing use of their applications and APIs and access to those applications and platforms in a manner adverse to us. Such changes could functionally limit or terminate our ability to use these third-party applications and platforms in conjunction with our SaaS services, which could negatively impact our offerings and harm our business. If we fail to integrate our SaaS services with new third-party applications and platforms that our customers depend upon to use our SaaS services or fail to renew existing relationships pursuant to which we currently provide such integration, we may not be able to offer the functionality that our customers need, which would negatively impact our ability to generate new revenue or maintain existing revenue and adversely impact our business. We rely on data provided by third parties, the loss of which could limit the functionality of our SaaS services and disrupt our business. Select functionality of our SaaS services depends on our ability to deliver data required to use our SaaS services. Examples of such data include inbound leads from third party service providers, MLS data, load board information, and GPS coordinates. In the future, any of these third parties could change its data sharing policies, including making them more restrictive, or alter its algorithms that determine the placement, display, and accessibility of search results and social media updates, any of which could result in the loss of, or significant impairment to, our ability to collect and provide useful data to our customers. These third parties could also interpret our or our service providers data collection policies or practices as being inconsistent with their policies, which could result in the loss of our ability to collect this data for our customers. Any such changes could impair our ability to deliver data to our customers and could adversely impact select functionality of our SaaS services, impairing benefits that our customers could derive from using our solution and adversely affecting our business and our ability to generate revenue. 
 14 

Table of Contents 
 Privacy and data security concerns and the lack of end users acceptance of internet behavior tracking may limit the applicability, use, and adoption of our SaaS services. Privacy and data security concerns may cause end users to resist providing certain personal data, and thus prevent us from compiling usage data necessary to allow our customers to use our SaaS services effectively. We have implemented various features intended to enable our customers to better protect end user privacy and to ensure data security, but these measures may not alleviate all potential privacy and data security concerns and threats. The continued perception of privacy and data security risks, whether valid or not, may inhibit market adoption of our SaaS services, especially in industries that rely on sensitive personal information or collect data perceived as being sensitive. Privacy and data security laws and regulations continue to evolve, which may also limit the use and adoption of our SaaS services, reduce overall demand for the products and services, increase compliance costs, or lead to significant fines, penalties or liabilities for any noncompliance or loss of any such action. Our research and development operations depend on the availability, performance, and affordability of the internet infrastructure and fixed telecommunications networks in China as well as other locations outside the US, the disruption of which may harm our business. Almost all access to the internet in China is maintained through state-owned telecommunication operators under the administrative control and regulatory supervision of the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, or the MIIT. Moreover, we primarily rely on a limited number of telecommunication service providers to provide us with data communications capacity through local telecommunications lines and internet data centers. We have limited access to alternative networks or services in the event of disruptions, failures, or other problems with China s internet infrastructure or the fixed telecommunications networks provided by telecommunication service providers. We depend on government policies and regulations in the U.S and China that allow for the efficient transfer of information between the two countries using internet infrastructure and fixed telecommunications networks. We cannot assure you that the internet infrastructure and the fixed telecommunications networks in China will be reliably available and adequately perform to support communication and the transfer of information between our operations in China and the rest of the world, particularly the U.S.. In addition, we have no control over the costs of the services provided by telecommunication service providers. If the prices we pay for telecommunications and internet services rise significantly, our results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. Furthermore, if internet access fees or other charges to internet users increase, our user traffic may decline and our business may be harmed. The value of our investment in Kaixin may continue to be materially and adversely affected by Kaixin s financial and operating performance. As of the date of this Annual Report, we hold 32,865,687 ordinary shares and 6,000 convertible preferred shares of Kaixin Auto Holdings, or Kaixin, a Cayman Islands company whose shares are listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market (NASDAQ: KXIN). The fair value of our investment in Kaixin can be negatively impacted by fluctuations in Kaixin s share price. Subsequent to deconsolidation, we recorded 63.4 million and 22.4 million in losses from our equity in Kaixin during 2021 and 2022, respectively. Further, there are a multitude of risks and uncertainties relating to the performance and valuation of Kaixin, including risks relating to Kaixin s ability to operate and compete in the highly competitive automobile sales industry in China. As such, the value or liquidity of our investments in Kaixin could decline and result in a material impairment, which could result in a material write-down of our investment in Kaixin. In addition, we issued a standby letter of credit to the benefit of East West Bank that guarantees Kaixin and its subsidiary, Zhejiang Jieying Automobile Sales Co., Ltd Kaixin Subsidiary ), payment of approximately 9.3 million to East West Bank. We believe the guarantee will not be released in the foreseeable future. We have, therefore, recorded a provision for the value of the guarantee. As of the date of this annual report, approximately 5.8 million had been claimed under our standby letter of credit in connection with the Kaixin Subsidiary default of certain guaranteed loan. The Company believes the other Kaixin loan guaranteed by the standby letter of credit will go default in the foreseeable future, and as a result, East West Bank may seize our cash deposits pledged as security under the standby letter of credit, which amounted to US 9.2 million as of December 31, 2022, and/or demand reimbursement from us. Unfavorable U.S. and global economic conditions could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. Our results of operations could be adversely affected by general conditions in the U.S. and global economies, the U.S. and global financial markets and adverse geopolitical and macroeconomic developments. U.S. and global market and economic conditions have been, and continue to be, disrupted and volatile due to many factors, including component shortages and related supply chain challenges, 
 15 

Table of Contents 
 geopolitical developments such as the COVID-19 pandemic and the conflict between Ukraine and Russia and related sanctions, bank failures, and increasing inflation rates and the responses by central banking authorities to control such inflation, among others. General business and economic conditions that could affect our business, financial condition or results of operations include fluctuations in economic growth, debt and equity capital markets, liquidity of the global financial markets, access to our liquidity within the U.S. banking system, the availability and cost of credit, investor and consumer confidence, and the strength of the economies in which we, our manufacturers and our suppliers operate. A severe or prolonged global economic downturn could result in a variety of risks to our business. For example, inflation rates, particularly in the United States, have increased recently to levels not seen in years, and increased inflation may result in increases in our operating costs (including our labor costs), reduced liquidity and limits on our ability to access credit or otherwise raise capital on acceptable terms, if at all. In addition, the U.S. Federal Reserve has raised, and may again raise, interest rates in response to concerns about inflation, which, coupled with reduced government spending and volatility in financial markets may have the effect of further increasing economic uncertainty and heightening these risks. Risks of a prolonged global economic downturn are particularly true in Europe, which is undergoing a continued severe economic crisis. A weak or declining economy could also strain our suppliers and manufacturers, possibly resulting in supply disruption. Any of the foregoing could harm our business and we cannot anticipate all of the ways in which the current economic climate and financial market conditions could adversely impact our business. On March 10, 2023, we had a banking relationship with SVB. As of the closure of SVB on March 10, 2023, we held approximately 9.4 million in cash and cash equivalents at SVB, which represented approximately 19 of our total cash, cash equivalents and investments as of that date. SVB also managed approximately 33 million short-term investments which were held in custody for us at U.S. Bank. SVB was closed on March 10, 2023 by the California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation, which appointed the FDIC as receiver. On March 12, 2023, the U.S. Treasury, Federal Reserve, and FDIC announced that SVB depositors will have access to all of their money starting March 13, 2023. On March 13, 2023, we were able to access all 9.4 million in cash and cash equivalents held at SVB. Except for customary liquidity restrictions inherent to short-term investments, our access to investment accounts held in custody by U.S. Bank was never restricted. While we have not experienced any losses in such accounts, the recent failure of SVB exposed a portion of our cash and cash equivalents to significant credit risk prior to the completion by the FDIC of the resolution that fully protected all SVB depositors. We are in the process of transferring our accounts to one or more alternate depository institutions, the financial position of which management believes does not expose our company to significant credit risk or jeopardizes our liquidity. Where possible, we will also continue to hold our excess cash in short-term investments and money market accounts to further limit exposure. However, our access to funding sources and other credit arrangements in amounts adequate to finance or capitalize our current and projected future business operations could be significantly impaired should the financial institutions with which we have arrangements directly, the financial services industry, or economy in general deteriorate and result in restricted access to our cash, cash equivalents, and investments or result in material economic disruptions in our regions of operation. These factors could include, among others, events such as liquidity constraints or failures, the ability to perform obligations under various types of financial, credit or liquidity agreements or arrangements, disruptions or instability in the financial services industry or financial markets, or concerns or negative expectations about the prospects for companies in the financial services industry. These factors could involve financial institutions or financial services industry companies with which we have financial or business relationships, but could also include factors involving financial markets or the financial services industry generally. Additionally, financial markets around the world experienced volatility following the recent invasion of Ukraine by Russia. In response to the invasion, the United States, United Kingdom and EU, along with others, imposed significant new sanctions and export controls against Russia, Russian banks and certain Russian individuals and may implement additional sanctions or take further punitive actions in the future. The full economic and social impact of the sanctions imposed on Russia (as well as possible future punitive measures that may be implemented), as well as the counter measures imposed by Russia, in addition to the ongoing military conflict between Ukraine and Russia and related sanctions, which could conceivably expand into the surrounding region, remains uncertain; however, both the conflict and related sanctions have resulted and could continue to result in disruptions to trade, commerce, pricing stability, credit availability, supply chain continuity and reduced access to liquidity in both Europe and globally, and has introduced significant uncertainty into global markets. In particular, the ongoing Russia-Ukraine conflict and related sanctions has contributed to rapidly rising costs of living (driven largely by higher energy prices) in Europe and other advanced economies. Further, a weak or declining economy could strain our suppliers and manufacturers. As a result, our business and results of operations may be adversely affected by the ongoing conflict between Ukraine and Russia and related sanctions, particularly to the extent it escalates to involve additional countries, further economic sanctions or wider military conflict. 
 16 

Table of Contents 
 The passage of regulations or controls by the U.S. or China that restrict trade or the hiring of personnel may affect our ability to operate in China could adversely affect our business operations. We employ the majority of our Research and Development personnel in China. Should the U.S. or China impose restrictions on our ability to operate in China and hire qualified personnel, it could adversely affect our ability to continue to innovate and evolve our products. We have granted, and may continue to grant, share options, restricted share units, and other share-based awards under our equity incentive plans, which may result in increased share-based compensation expenses. We have adopted seven equity incentive plans for Renren Inc. in 2006, 2008, 2009, 2011, 2016, 2018 and 2021, respectively. As of March 24, 2023, options and restricted share units to acquire 125,549,378 Class A ordinary shares of Renren Inc. were outstanding. For the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022, we recorded 15.3 million, 8.5 million and 4.0 million, respectively, in share-based compensation expenses. As of December 31, 2022, we had nil unrecognized share-based compensation expenses relating to share options and 4.9 million of unrecognized share-based compensation expenses relating to non-vested restricted share units, which are expected to be recognized over a weighted average vesting period of 1.1 years. On March 24, 2020, our compensation committee approved a reduction in the exercise price for all outstanding options previously granted by our company with an exercise price higher than 0.0113 per ordinary share to 0.0113 per share, representing the closing price of the ADSs on the NYSE on March 18, 2020. On November 4, 2021, our board of directors approved a 2021 Equity Incentive Plan for each of Renren, Inc., Chime Technologies, Inc., and Trucker Path, Inc. As of December 31, 2022, 37,564 options have been granted under these plans. Awards granted under these plans are expected to result in increased share-based compensation expenses in 2023 as shares are issued pursuant to these awards. We believe the granting of share options, restricted share units and other share-based awards is of significant importance to our ability to attract and retain key personnel and employees, and we will continue to grant share options and restricted share units to key personnel and employees in the future. As a result, our expenses associated with share-based compensation may increase, which may have an adverse effect on our results of operations. Our ownership interest, and correspondingly that of our shareholders, including holders of the ADSs, in our SaaS operating businesses Chime and Trucker Path may be diluted if the respective companies issue new shares to third parties to raise capital or pursuant to their equity incentive plans. We have adopted two equity incentive plans in 2020 and 2021 for each of our subsidiaries Chime Technologies, Inc. and Trucker Path, Inc. As of March 24, 2023, options and restricted stock units to acquire 48,010 shares of common stock of Chime Technologies, Inc. were outstanding. As of March 24, 2023, options and restricted stock units to acquire 51,232 shares of common stock of Trucker Path, Inc. were outstanding. If Chime Technologies, Inc. and Trucker Path, Inc. issue new shares upon vesting and/or exercise of these share-based awards, such new issuances would dilute our ownership and economic interests in such companies, and correspondingly those of our shareholders, including holders of the ADSs. In addition, each of Chime Technologies, Inc. and Trucker Path, Inc. may in the future issue additional shares to raise capital to fund their respective business growth. There can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain our current proportion of ownership interest in either company after the completion of such capital-raising activities. We may from time to time be subject to claims, controversies, lawsuits and legal proceedings, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and reputation. We may from time to time become subject to or involved in various claims, controversies, lawsuits, and legal proceedings. Lawsuits and litigation may cause us to incur defense costs, utilize a significant portion of our resources and divert management s attention from our day-to-day operations, any of which could harm our business. Any settlements or judgments against us could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In addition, negative publicity regarding claims or judgments made against us may damage our reputation and may result in material adverse impact on us. 
 17 

Table of Contents 
 We may not be able to prevent unauthorized use of our intellectual property, which could materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations. We rely on a combination of monitoring and enforcement of trademark, patent, copyright and trade secret protection laws in the United States, China and other jurisdictions, as well as through confidentiality agreements and procedures, to protect our intellectual property rights. Despite our precautions, third parties may obtain and make unauthorized use of our intellectual property, which includes trademarks related to our brands, products and services, patent applications, registered domain names, copyrights in software and creative content, trade secrets and other intellectual property rights and licenses. We cannot assure you that the measures we have taken will be sufficient to prevent any misappropriation of our intellectual properties. In addition, because of the rapid pace of technological change in our industry, parts of our business rely on technologies developed or licensed by third parties, and we may not be able to obtain or continue to obtain licenses and technologies from these third parties on reasonable terms, or at all. Preventing any unauthorized use of our intellectual property may be difficult and costly and the steps we take may be inadequate to prevent the misappropriation of our intellectual property. In the event that we resort to litigation to enforce our intellectual property rights, such litigation could result in substantial costs and a diversion of our managerial and financial resources. We can provide no assurance that we will prevail in any such litigation. In addition, our trade secrets may be leaked or otherwise become available to our competitors, or our competitors may independently discover them. To the extent that our employees or consultants use intellectual property owned by others in their work for us, disputes may arise as to the rights in related know-how and inventions. Any failure in protecting or enforcing our intellectual property rights could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We have been and may continue to be subject to intellectual property infringement claims or other allegations by third parties for services we provide or for information or content displayed on, retrieved from or linked to our websites or distributed to our users, which may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and prospects. Internet, technology and media companies are frequently involved in litigation based on allegations of infringement of intellectual property rights, unfair competition, invasion of privacy, defamation and other violations of other parties rights. The validity, enforceability and scope of protection of intellectual property rights in internet-related industries are uncertain and evolving. As we face increasing competition, we face a higher risk of being the subject of intellectual property infringement claims. Intellectual property claims and litigation are expensive and time-consuming to investigate and defend. Such claims may divert resources and management attention from the operation of our business. Even if such claims do not result in liability, it may harm our reputation. Any resulting liability or expenses, or changes required to our websites and related SaaS services to reduce the risk of future liability, may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and prospects. During the course of the audits of our consolidated financial statements, we and our independent registered public accounting firms identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. If we fail to re-establish and maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, our ability to accurately and timely report our financial results or prevent fraud may be adversely affected, and investor confidence and the market price of the ADSs may be adversely impacted. We are subject to reporting obligations under the U.S. securities laws. The Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC, adopted rules pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 requiring every public company to include a management report on such company s internal control over financial reporting in its Annual Report, which contains management s assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. We and our independent registered public accounting firm, in connection with our preparation and external audit of our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2021, identified two material weaknesses related to (i) lack of an integrated and systematic risk assessment process to identify and assess the financial reporting risks; and (ii) lack of evaluations to ascertain whether the components of internal control are present and functioning. During the course of 2022, we completed the implementation of our global ERP system which allows for the centralized monitoring of internal controls over a uniform financial reporting structure. The system also allows for the standardization of financial reporting hierarchies and automation of routine processes which reduces risks within the control environment. Consistent with our transition to a domestic United States company, we have appointed two new independent members to the Board of Directors and have made changes to the corporate governance processes and appointments to compliment the momentum of the Company. We have identified and evaluated entity-level and business process controls and assessed the effectiveness of controls in those areas. For areas with potential 
 18 

Table of Contents 
 gaps, we have evaluated compensating controls that address the respective areas or have put plans in place to address the gaps. We have established controls and procedures over both routine and non-routine processes and are centralizing policies over the global organization. We have identified key information technology applications that have a material impact on our internal control environment and have begun evaluating IT general controls over the applications. We have hired or are in the process of hiring personnel in the finance, information technology, and human resource areas whose expertise and experience will further enhance our existing suite of internal controls over financial reporting. As of December 31, 2022, we conclude the material weaknesses remain unremediated. See Item 9A. Controls and Procedures Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Measures that we implement to address these material weaknesses and other control deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting might not fully address them, and we might not be able to conclude that they have been fully remedied. Failure to correct these material weaknesses and other control deficiencies or failure to discover and address any other control deficiencies could result in inaccuracies in our consolidated financial statements and could also impair our ability to comply with applicable financial reporting requirements and make related regulatory filings on a timely basis. As a result, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects, as well as the trading price of the ADSs, may be materially and adversely affected. Due to the material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting as described above, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of December 31, 2022. This could adversely affect the market price of the ADSs due to a loss of investor confidence in the reliability of our reporting processes. The continuing and collaborative efforts of our senior management, key employees and highly skilled personnel are crucial to our success, and our business may be harmed if we were to lose their services. Our success depends on the continuous effort and services of our experienced senior management team, in particular Mr. Joseph Chen, our chief executive officer, Mr. James Jian Liu, our executive director and chief operating officer, Mr. Henry He Li, our Vice President of Technology, and Chris Palmer, our Chief Financial Officer. If one or more of our executive officers or other key personnel are unable or unwilling to continue to provide us with their services, we may not be able to replace them easily or at all. Our business may be severely disrupted and our financial condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. Competition for management and key personnel is intense and the pool of qualified candidates is limited. We may not be able to retain the services of our executive officers or key personnel, or attract and retain experienced executive officers or key personnel in the future. If any of our executive officers or key employees join a competitor or forms a competing company, we may lose know-how as well as key professionals and staff members. Our performance and future success also depend on our ability to identify, hire, develop, motivate, and retain highly skilled personnel for all areas of our organization. Competition in the SaaS industry for qualified employees, including technical personnel capable of designing innovative services and products, is intense, and if competition in SaaS and the industries our products serve further intensifies, it may be more difficult for us to hire, motivate and retain highly skilled personnel. If we do not succeed in attracting additional highly skilled personnel or retaining or motivating our existing personnel or if we must incur significantly greater expenses to recruit, train and retain personnel, we may be unable to grow effectively or at all. Certain management responsibilities at other entities may divert our management s attention from the operation of our business. Our chief executive officer Joseph Chen and our chief operating officer James Jian Liu each hold the same management position in Oak Pacific Investment OPI ). Mr. Chen is also the largest shareholder in OPI. OPI was a wholly owned subsidiary of ours prior to June 2018, and it holds a large portfolio of shares in a variety of early-stage and late-stage pre-IPO companies that our management had previously selected and managed for our company. Although OPI no longer has any business relationship with our company, the disposition of OPI has not necessarily reduced the workload of our management. However, the time and effort spent by our management on OPI does not benefit shareholders of our company anymore. Mr. Chen s and Mr. Liu s involvement in OPI may divert their attention from the operation of our business, which may affect our company s financial performance and future prospects. 
 19 

Table of Contents 
 Increases in labor costs and the enforcement or revision of labor laws, regulations, and employment policies in our countries of operation may adversely affect our business and results of operations. The global economy has experienced increases in inflation and labor costs in recent years and 2022 in particular. As a result, average wages and benefits we pay to employees and service providers in the United States, China, the Philippines, and other countries in which we operate are expected to continue to increase. We continue to employ large numbers of personnel in the PRC. PRC Labor Contract Law, as amended, and its implementation rules, set forth various requirements about the terms of labor contracts, including, minimum wages, remuneration, the term of probation periods, and termination conditions. In the event that we decide to terminate or change the employment relationship with some employees, PRC Labor Contract Law and its implementation rules may limit our ability to complete the terminations or changes in a desirable, timely, or cost-effective manner, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. In all of our operating locations, we and our employees are required to make contributions for social security, unemployment, and other benefits as required by the governments of the countries in which we operate. Employers that fail to make adequate government required social welfare related contributions may be subject to fines and legal sanctions. If authorities in any of our countries of operation determine that we have failed to make contributions as required by law, the authorities may require that we make supplemental contributions, pay fines, rectify the issue, or impose other sanctions, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Companies operating in China are also required to withhold individual income tax on employees wages based on the actual payment of wages to the employees according to the PRC Individual Income Tax Law, as amended in 2018. Due to the evolution of PRC tax laws and regulations, our compliance cost has increased as well. If we fail to withhold individual income tax for our employees timely, we may be subject to administrative penalty. Furthermore, the interpretation and implementation of labor-related laws, employment mandates, and regulations evolve. We cannot assure you that our employment practices do not and will not violate any labor laws and regulations, which may subject us to labor disputes or government investigations. If we are unable to control our labor costs or pass these increased labor costs to others, or if we are deemed to have violated labor laws and regulations, our financial condition, and results of operations may be adversely affected. We face risks related to natural disasters, which could significantly disrupt our operations. We are vulnerable to natural disasters and other calamities such as hurricanes, tornadoes, floods, earthquakes and other adverse weather and climate conditions. Although we have servers that are hosted by third party service providers in an offsite location and we back-up our systems frequently, our backup system does not capture data on a real-time basis and we may be unable to recover certain data in the event of a server failure. We cannot assure that any backup systems will be adequate to protect us from the effects of fire, floods, typhoons, earthquakes, power loss, telecommunications failures, break-ins, war, riots, terrorist attacks or similar events. Any of the foregoing events may give rise to interruptions, breakdowns, system failures, technology platform failures or internet failures, which could cause the loss or corruption of data or malfunctions of software or hardware as well as adversely affect our ability to provide our SaaS services. Negative media coverage could adversely affect our business. Negative publicity about us or our business, shareholders, affiliates, directors, officers or other employees, as well as the industry in which we operate, can harm our operations. Such negative publicity could be related to a variety of matters, including: alleged misconduct or other improper activities committed by our shareholders, affiliates, directors, officers, and other employees; false or malicious allegations or rumors about us or our shareholders, affiliates, directors, officers, and other employees; user complaints about the quality of our products and services; 
 20 

Table of Contents 
 copyright infringements involving us and content offered on our platform; security breaches of confidential user information; and governmental and regulatory investigations or penalties resulting from our failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations. 
 In addition to traditional media, social media platforms including instant messaging applications, social media websites, and other forms of internet-based communications provide individuals with access to a broad audience of users and other interested persons. The ability of users to distribute their viewpoints and make information available through instant messaging applications and social media platforms is virtually immediate and potentially viral, often without affording us an opportunity for redress or correction. Social media users are able to disseminate information, including inaccurate information, inexpensively and seemingly without limit. Information concerning our company, shareholders, directors, officers, and employees may be posted on and distributed through such platforms at any time. The risks associated with any such negative publicity or incorrect information cannot be completely eliminated or mitigated and may materially harm our reputation, business, financial condition, and results of operations. We have limited business insurance coverage. Although we carry general liability insurance, cyber and network security liability insurance, and other forms of insurance to offset the impact of unforeseen business risks and disruptions, our coverage may be insufficient and result in our incurring substantial costs and the diversion of resources, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. Any unforeseen event not covered by our insurance or disruption of a lengthy duration could disrupt our product development, result in delayed product releases, negatively impact our customer support and sales operations, and cause delays in the resolution of bugs and defects in our SaaS services. Such disruptions could adversely affect revenue, subscriber growth, subscriber satisfaction, operating and non-recurring expenses, and the company s reputation. Risks Related to Our Corporate Structure Our dual-class voting structure allows our two largest shareholders to significantly influence our actions over important corporate matters, will limit your ability to influence corporate matters, and could discourage others from pursuing any change-of-control transactions that holders of our Class A ordinary shares and ADSs may view as beneficial. We have a dual-class voting structure which consists of Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares. Subject to certain exceptions, in respect of matters requiring the votes of shareholders, holders of Class A ordinary shares are entitled to one vote per share, while holders of Class B ordinary shares are entitled to ten votes per share. Each Class B ordinary share is convertible into one Class A ordinary share at any time by the holder thereof, while Class A ordinary shares are not convertible into Class B ordinary shares under any circumstances. Upon any transfer of Class B ordinary shares by a holder thereof to any person or entity which is not an affiliate of such holder, such Class B ordinary shares shall be automatically and immediately converted into the equal number of Class A ordinary shares. We issued Class A ordinary shares represented by the ADSs in our initial public offering in May 2011. Mr. Joseph Chen, who is our founder, chairman and chief executive officer, and SoftBank Group Capital Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of SoftBank Group Corp., are our only shareholders who hold Class B ordinary shares. As of March 24, 2023, Mr. Joseph Chen, our founder, chairman of the board of directors and chief executive officer, beneficially owned approximately 17.8 of our outstanding Class A ordinary shares and approximately 55.8 of our outstanding Class B ordinary shares, representing in aggregate 47.4 of our total voting power, and SoftBank Group Capital Limited owned approximately 31.4 of our outstanding Class A ordinary shares and approximately 44.2 of our outstanding Class B ordinary shares, representing in aggregate 41.4 of our total voting power. Due in large part to the disparate voting powers attached to the two classes of ordinary shares, Mr. Chen and SoftBank Group Capital Limited have controlling power over matters requiring shareholder approval, subject to certain exceptions. As between Mr. Chen and SoftBank Group Capital Limited, the approvals of SoftBank Group Capital Limited are required for certain important matters relating to our company. This concentration of ownership and voting power in the hands of Mr. Chen and SoftBank Group Capital Limited may also discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of our company, which could have the dual effect of depriving our shareholders of an opportunity to receive a premium for their shares as part of a sale of our company and reducing the price of the ADSs. 
 21 

Table of Contents 
 These actions may be taken even if they are opposed by our other shareholders, including those who purchase ADSs. In addition, these persons could divert business opportunities away from us to themselves or others. If the PRC government finds that the contractual arrangements that establish the corporate structure for our operations in China do not comply with PRC governmental restrictions on foreign investment, or if these regulations or the interpretation of existing regulations change in the future, we could be subject to severe penalties or be forced to relinquish our interests in those operations. Renren Inc., or Renren, is not an operating company in China but a Cayman Islands holding company conducting a significant portion of its operations through subsidiaries, primarily in the United States. Our US businesses, Trucker Path and Chime purchase R D services from China. Prior to disposal of our historic social networking services and related live streaming business in December 2018, we were subject to regulations that restrict foreign ownership of companies that provide value-added telecommunications services in China. In addition, there are other regulatory restrictions on foreign investments into a variety of industries in China into which we had invested through the holding of minority ownership of certain domestic companies. We no longer engage in social networking or other value-added telecommunications related services subject to foreign ownership restrictions. Accordingly, we have commenced the steps necessary to terminate the contractual arrangements described below and conduct our future operations, largely comprised of R D services for Trucker Path and Chime, in China through our subsidiaries. Historically, to comply with these foreign ownership restrictions, our wholly owned subsidiary Qianxiang Shiji Technology Development (Beijing) Co., Ltd., or Qianxiang Shiji, entered into series of contractual arrangements with Beijing Qianxiang Tiancheng Technology Development Co., Ltd., or Qianxiang Tiancheng, and its shareholders. These contracts provide us with the power to direct the activities of Qianxiang Tiancheng and its subsidiaries and enable us to receive substantially all the economic benefits from them. For a detailed description of these contractual arrangements, please refer to Item 4.C Contractual Arrangements with Qianxiang Tiancheng of our Annual Report on Form 20-F for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 filed with the SEC on May 2, 2022. As a result of the contractual agreements with Qianxiang Tiancheng and its shareholders, Renren Inc. becomes the primary beneficiary of Qianxiang Tiancheng for accounting purposes and treats it as a consolidated entity under U.S. GAAP. In the fiscal years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022, Qianxiang Tiancheng or its subsidiaries contributed an immaterial portion of our consolidated revenues, representing 1.1 and 0.2 , respectively. See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Financial Information relating to the VIE for condensed consolidating schedules showing the financial position, results of operations and cash flows of the VIE and its subsidiaries. Based on the advice of Yuanhe Twelve Tables Partners, our PRC legal counsel, the corporate structure of Qianxiang Tiancheng and its subsidiaries, as well as our subsidiaries in China comply with all existing PRC laws and regulations. However, the contractual arrangements may not be as effective as direct ownership in providing us with control over Qianxiang Tiancheng and we may incur substantial costs to enforce the terms of the arrangements. In addition, our contractual arrangements with Qianxiang Tiancheng and its shareholders have not been tested in a court of law in the PRC and foreign investors may never be allowed to hold equity interests in Qianxiang Tiancheng and its subsidiaries under PRC laws and regulations. Chinese regulatory authorities could in the future disallow these agreements, which would likely affect our operations in China conducted through Qianxiang Tiancheng and its subsidiaries. There are also substantial uncertainties regarding the interpretation and application of current and future PRC laws, regulations, and rules regarding the status of the rights of our Cayman Islands holding company with respect to its contractual arrangements with Qianxiang Tiancheng and its shareholders. It is uncertain whether any new PRC laws or regulations relating to variable interest entity structures will be adopted or if adopted, what they would provide. If we or any of Qianxiang Tiancheng and its subsidiaries is found to be in violation of any existing or future PRC laws or regulations, or fail to obtain or maintain any of the required permits or approvals, the relevant PRC regulatory authorities would have broad discretion to take action in dealing with such violations or failures. We have contractual arrangements with Qianxiang Tiancheng for some of our China operations, which may not be as effective in providing operational control as direct ownership. Any failure by Qianxiang Tiancheng or its shareholders to perform their obligations under our contractual arrangements with them would have a material adverse effect on our ability to conduct business and negatively affect our financial condition. We have relied and expect to continue to rely on contractual arrangements with Qianxiang Tiancheng and its shareholders for some of our operations in China. For a description of these contractual arrangements, see Item 1. Business Contractual Arrangements with Qianxiang Tiancheng. These contractual arrangements may not be as effective in providing us with control over Qianxiang Tiancheng and its subsidiaries, which we refer to collectively as the VIE and its subsidiaries in this Annual Report, as direct ownership. If we had 
 22 

Table of Contents 
 direct ownership of the VIE and its subsidiaries, we would be able to exercise our rights as a shareholder to effect changes in the board of directors of each of these entities, which in turn could effect changes, subject to any applicable fiduciary obligations, at the management level. However, under the current contractual arrangements, we rely on the performance by Qianxiang Tiancheng and its shareholders of their obligations under the contractual arrangements to exercise control over the VIE and its subsidiaries. Therefore, our contractual arrangements with Qianxiang Tiancheng and its shareholders may not be as effective in ensuring our control over our China operations as direct ownership would be. If Qianxiang Tiancheng or its shareholders fail to perform their respective obligations under the contractual arrangements of which they are a party, we may have to incur substantial costs and resources to enforce our rights under the contracts, and rely on legal remedies under PRC law, including seeking specific performance or injunctive relief and claiming damages, which may not be effective. For example, if the shareholders of Qianxiang Tiancheng were to refuse to transfer their equity interests in Qianxiang Tiancheng to us or our designee when we exercise the call option pursuant to these contractual arrangements, or if they were otherwise to act in bad faith toward us, then we may have to take legal action to compel them to perform their respective contractual obligations. All of these contractual arrangements are governed by PRC law and provide for the resolution of disputes through arbitration in the PRC. Accordingly, these contracts would be interpreted in accordance with PRC law and any disputes would be resolved in accordance with PRC legal procedures. The legal system in the PRC is not as developed as in other jurisdictions, such as the United States. As a result, uncertainties in the PRC legal system could limit our ability to enforce these contractual arrangements. Under PRC law, rulings by arbitrators are final, parties cannot appeal the arbitration results in courts, and the prevailing parties may only enforce the arbitration awards in PRC courts through arbitration award recognition proceedings, which would incur additional expenses and delay. In the event we are unable to enforce these contractual arrangements, we may not be able to exert effective control over the VIE and its subsidiaries, and our ability to conduct our business may be negatively affected. The approval, filing or other requirements of the CSRC, the CAC or other PRC government authorities may be required under PRC law in connection with our issuance of securities overseas. The Regulations on Mergers and Acquisitions of Domestic Enterprises by Foreign Investors, or the M A Rules, purport to require offshore special purpose vehicles that are controlled by PRC companies or individuals and that have been formed for the purpose of seeking a public listing on an overseas stock exchange through acquisitions of PRC domestic companies or assets to obtain approval from the CSRC prior to publicly listing their securities on an overseas stock exchange. The interpretation and application of the regulations remain unclear. If CSRC s approval under the M A Rules is required, it is uncertain whether it would be possible for us to obtain the approval, and any failure to obtain or delay in obtaining CSRC approval for our future issuance of securities overseas would subject us to sanctions imposed by the CSRC and other PRC regulatory agencies. Furthermore, the Opinions on Strictly Cracking Down on Illegal Securities Activities, which was released on July 6, 2021, emphasized the need to strengthen the administration over illegal securities activities and the supervision on overseas listings by China-based companies, and proposed to take effective measures, such as promoting the construction of relevant regulatory systems to deal with the risks and incidents faced by China-based overseas-listed companies, although such opinions did not specify the definition of illegal securities activities. On February 17, 2023, the CSRC released the Trial Administrative Measures of Overseas Securities Offering and Listing by Domestic Companies, which will come into effect on March 31, 2023. This measure stipulates that PRC domestic companies that seek to offer and list securities in overseas markets directly or indirectly shall complete the filing procedures with and report relevant information to the CSRC. Pursuant to this measure, the determination as to whether a PRC domestic company is indirectly offering and listing in an overseas market shall be made on a substance over form basis, if the issuer meets the following conditions, its offering and listing will be deemed as an indirect overseas offering and listing by a PRC domestic company and is therefore subject to the filing requirement: (i) the revenues, profits, total assets or net assets of the Chinese operating entities in the most recent financial year accounts for more than 50 of the corresponding data in the issuer s audited consolidated financial statements for the same period; (ii) the majority of senior management in charge of business operation are Chinese citizens or have domicile in PRC, and its principal place of business is located in PRC or main business activities are conducted in PRC. In addition, this measure prescribes that the domestic enterprises should submit filing documents to the CSRC within three business days after the submission of the application for overseas initial public offering and offering in other overseas markets after the overseas initial public offering, and after completing the filing procedures for an overseas offering in the same market after the initial public offering and listing, for the purposes of implementing and strengthening the CSRC s supervision, the issuer will need to comply with continuous filing and reporting requirements after such offering and listing, among others, including the following: (i) filing for transactions in which the issuer issues securities for acquiring assets, and (ii) reporting material events after the initial offering and listing. On February 17, 2023, the CSRC released the Notice on Administrative Arrangements for the Filing of Overseas Securities Offerings and Listings by Domestic 
 23 

Table of Contents 
 Companies. Pursuant to this notice, the domestic companies which have completed the overseas initial public offering are not required to file right now, but shall file with the future overseas offerings. In addition, on December 28, 2021, the CAC, and several other regulatory authorities in China jointly promulgated the Cybersecurity Review Measures, which came into effect on February 15, 2022. Pursuant to the Cybersecurity Review Measures, (i) an operator of critical information infrastructure that purchases network products and services, or an internet platform operator that conducts data process activities which affects or may affect national security shall be subject to the cybersecurity review, (ii) an application for cybersecurity review shall be made by an issuer who is an internet platform operator holding personal information of more than one million users before such issuer applies to list overseas, and (iii) relevant governmental authorities in the PRC may initiate cybersecurity review if they determine an operator s network products or services or data processing activities affect or may affect national security. There remain uncertainties as to how it would be interpreted and enforced, and to what extent it may affect us. On December 27, 2021, the NDRC and the MOFCOM, jointly issued the Special Administrative Measures for Entry of Foreign Investment (Negative List) (2021 Version), or the Negative List, which became effective on January 1, 2022 and replaced the previous version. Pursuant to Article 6 of the Negative List, if a PRC company, which engages in any business where foreign investment is prohibited under the Negative List, or prohibited businesses, seeks an overseas offering or listing, it must obtain the approval from competent governmental authorities. Additionally, foreign investors in such PRC company must not take part in the company s operation or management, and their shareholding ratio should be subject to regulations relating to the management of PRC securities investments by foreign investors. The Negative List has made it clear that the application scope of Article 6 is limited to domestic enterprises engaged in prohibited businesses from directly overseas or listing. According to a set of Q A published on the NDRC s official website, a NDRC official indicated that after a PRC company submits its application for overseas listing to the CSRC and where matters relating to prohibited businesses under the Negative List are implicated, the CSRC will consult the regulatory authorities having jurisdiction over the relevant industries and fields. If the CSRC, the CAC or other relevant PRC regulatory agencies subsequently determine that prior approval is required for any of our future offerings of securities overseas or to maintain the listing status of the ADSs, we cannot guarantee that we will be able to obtain such approval in a timely manner, or at all. The CSRC, the CAC or other PRC regulatory agencies also may take actions requiring us, or making it advisable for us, not to proceed with such offering or maintain the listing status of the ADSs. If we proceed with any of such offering or maintain the listing status of the ADSs without obtaining these regulatory agencies approval to the extent it is required, or if we are unable to comply with any new approval requirements which might be adopted for offerings that we have completed prior to the publication of the above-referenced opinions, we may face regulatory actions or other sanctions from these regulatory agencies. These regulatory agencies may impose fines and penalties on our operations in China, limit our ability to pay dividends outside of China, limit our operating privileges in China, delay or restrict the repatriation of the proceeds from offering of securities overseas into China or take other actions that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects, as well as the trading price of the ADSs. Furthermore, if there are any other approvals, filings and/or other administration procedures to be obtained from or completed with the CSRC, the CAC or other PRC regulatory agencies as required by any new laws and regulations for any of our future proposed offering of securities overseas or the listing of the ADSs, we cannot assure that we can obtain the required approval or complete the required filings or other regulatory procedures in a timely manner, or at all. Any failure to obtain the relevant approvals or complete the filings and other relevant regulatory procedures may subject us to regulatory actions or other sanctions from the CSRC or other PRC regulatory agencies, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. The contractual arrangements with Qianxiang Tiancheng and its shareholders may be subject to scrutiny by the PRC tax authorities, and a finding that we or the VIE and its subsidiaries owe additional taxes could substantially reduce our consolidated net income and the value of your investment. Under PRC laws and regulations, arrangements and transactions between related parties may be subject to audit or challenge by the PRC tax authorities within ten years after the taxable year when the transactions are conducted. We could face material and adverse tax consequences if the PRC tax authorities determine that the contractual arrangements between Qianxiang Shiji and Qianxiang Tiancheng do not represent arm s-length prices and consequently adjust their respective income in the form of a transfer pricing adjustment. A transfer pricing adjustment could, among other things, result in a reduction of expense deductions recorded by Qianxiang Tiancheng for PRC tax purposes, which could in turn increase their respective tax liabilities. In addition, the PRC tax authorities may impose late payment fees and other penalties on Qianxiang Tiancheng for any unpaid taxes. Our consolidated net income may be materially and adversely affected if Qianxiang Tiancheng s tax liabilities increase or if it is subject to late payment fees or other penalties. 
 24 

Table of Contents 
 The shareholders of Qianxiang Tiancheng may have potential conflicts of interest with us, which may materially and adversely affect our business. Each of Ms. Jing Yang and Mr. James Jian Liu is a shareholder of Qianxiang Tiancheng. Ms. Jing Yang is the wife of Mr. Joseph Chen, our founder, chairman and chief executive officer, and Mr. James Jian Liu is our executive director and chief operating officer. Conflicts of interest may arise between the dual role of Mr. James Jian Liu as a director and officer of our company and as shareholder of Qianxiang Tiancheng. Conflicts of interest may also arise between the interests of Ms. Jing Yang as shareholder of Qianxiang Tiancheng and as the wife of our founder and chief executive officer. Furthermore, if Ms. Jing Yang experiences domestic conflict with Mr. Joseph Chen, she may have little or no incentive to act in the interest of our company, and she may not perform her obligations under the contractual arrangements she has entered into with Qianxiang Tiancheng. Officers of our company owe a duty of loyalty and care to our company and to our shareholders as a whole under Cayman Islands law. We cannot assure that when conflicts arise, the shareholders of Qianxiang Tiancheng will act in the best interests of our company or that conflicts will be resolved in our favor. If we cannot resolve any conflicts of interest or disputes between us and these shareholders, we would have to rely on legal proceedings, which may be expensive, time-consuming and disruptive to our operations. There is also substantial uncertainty as to the outcome of any such legal proceedings. Substantial uncertainties exist with respect to the interpretation and implementation of the PRC Foreign Investment Law and how it may impact the viability of our current corporate structure, corporate governance and business operations. The National People s Congress approved the Foreign Investment Law on March 15, 2019 and the State Council approved the Regulation on Implementing the Foreign Investment Law, or the Implementation Regulations, on December 12, 2019, effective from January 1, 2020, which replaced existing laws regulating foreign investment in China, namely, the Sino-foreign Equity Joint Venture Enterprise Law, the Sino-foreign Cooperative Joint Venture Enterprise Law and the Wholly Foreign-invested Enterprise Law, together with their implementation rules and ancillary regulations. The Supreme People s Court of China issued a judicial interpretation on the Foreign Investment Law on December 27, 2019, effective from January 1, 2020, to ensure fair and efficient implementation of the Foreign Investment Law. According to the judicial interpretation, courts in China shall not, among other things, support contracted parties to claim foreign investment contracts in sectors not on the Special Administrative Measures for Entry of Foreign Investment (Negative List) (2021 Version) as void because the contracts have not been approved or registered by administrative authorities. The Foreign Investment Law and Implementation Regulations embody an expected PRC regulatory trend to rationalize its foreign investment regulatory regime in line with prevailing international practice and the legislative efforts to unify the corporate legal requirements for both foreign and domestic investments. However, since these rules are relatively new, uncertainties still exist in relation to their interpretation. For instance, under the Foreign Investment Law, foreign investment refers to the investment activities directly or indirectly conducted by foreign individuals, enterprises or other entities in China. Though it does not explicitly classify contractual arrangements as a form of foreign investment, there is no assurance that foreign investment via contractual arrangement would not be interpreted as a type of indirect foreign investment activities under the definition in the future. In addition, the definition contains a catch-all provision which includes investments made by foreign investors through means stipulated in laws or administrative regulations or other methods prescribed by the State Council. Therefore, it still leaves leeway for future laws, administrative regulations or provisions promulgated by the Stale Council to provide for contractual arrangements as a form of foreign investment. In any of these cases, it will be uncertain whether our contractual arrangements will be deemed to be in violation of the market access requirements for foreign investment under the PRC laws and regulations, or whether they may be invalid in whole or in part. Furthermore, if future laws, administrative regulations or provisions prescribed by the State Council mandate further actions to be taken by companies with respect to existing contractual arrangements, we may face substantial uncertainties as to whether we can complete such actions in a timely manner, or at all. Failure to take timely and appropriate measures to cope with any of these or similar regulatory compliance challenges could materially and adversely affect our current corporate structure, corporate governance and business operations. The PRC government s significant oversight over our business operation in China could result in a material adverse change in our operations. We conduct a limited portion of our operations in China through our PRC subsidiaries and the VIE and its subsidiaries. In the fiscal years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022, the VIE and its subsidiaries contributed in the aggregate 1.1 and 0.2 , respectively, of our consolidated revenues. Our operations in China are governed by PRC laws and regulations. While our operation in China is limited, the PRC government s significant oversight over our business operation in China could result in a material adverse change in 
 25 

Table of Contents 
 our operations. The Chinese government may intervene or influence our business operation in China at any time, or may exert more control over offerings conducted overseas and/or foreign investment in China-based issuers, which could result in a material change in our operations. There are substantial uncertainties regarding the interpretation and application of PRC laws and regulations, including, but not limited to, the laws and regulations governing our business operation in China, or the enforcement and performance of our contractual arrangements with Qianxiang Tiancheng. These laws and regulations may be subject to change, the enforcement of laws and regulations in China could be uncertain and the of rules and policies in China may change quickly with little advance notice, which could result in a material adverse change in our operations. New laws and regulations that affect existing and proposed future businesses may also be applied retroactively. Due to the uncertainty and complexity of the regulatory environment, we cannot assure you that our business operation in China would always be in full compliance with applicable laws and regulations, the violation of which may have adverse effect on our business operation in China and our reputation. Fluctuations in exchange rates could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and the value of your investment. Most of our revenues are denominated in U.S. dollar, while a substantial portion of our expenses is denominated in Renminbi, as a majority of our employees are located in China. The Renminbi has fluctuated against the U.S. dollar, at times significantly and unpredictably. The value of Renminbi against the U.S. dollar and other currencies is affected by changes in China s political and economic conditions and by China s foreign exchange policies, among other things. We cannot assure you that Renminbi will not appreciate or depreciate significantly in value against the U.S. dollar in the future. It is difficult to predict how market forces or PRC or U.S. government policy may impact the exchange rate between Renminbi and the U.S. dollar in the future. Any significant appreciation or depreciation of Renminbi may materially and adversely affect our cost, expenses and financial position, and the value of, and any dividends payable on, the ADSs in U.S. dollars. For example, to the extent that we need to convert U.S. dollars we receive into Renminbi to pay our operating expenses, appreciation of Renminbi against the U.S. dollar would have an adverse effect on the Renminbi amount we would receive from the conversion. Very limited hedging options are available in China to reduce our exposure to exchange rate fluctuations. To date, we have not entered into any hedging transactions in an effort to reduce our exposure to foreign currency exchange risk. While we may decide to enter into hedging transactions in the future, the availability and effectiveness of these hedges may be limited and we may not be able to adequately hedge our exposure or at all. In addition, our currency exchange losses may be magnified by PRC exchange control regulations that restrict our ability to convert Renminbi into foreign currency. As a result, fluctuations in exchange rates may have a material adverse effect on your investment. Failure to comply with PRC regulations regarding the registration requirements for employee share ownership plans or share option plans may subject the PRC plan participants or us to fines and other legal or administrative sanctions. In 2006, the People s Bank of China promulgated the Administrative Measures of Foreign Exchange Matters for Individuals, which set forth the respective requirements for foreign exchange transactions by individuals (both PRC or non-PRC citizens) under either the current account or the capital account. In 2007, SAFE issued implementing rules for the Administrative Measures of Foreign Exchange Matters for Individuals, which, among other things, specified approval requirements for certain capital account transactions such as a PRC citizen s participation in the employee share ownership plans or share option plans of an overseas publicly listed company. In 2007, also SAFE promulgated the Application Procedures of Foreign Exchange Administration for Domestic Individuals Participating in Employee Stock Ownership Plan or Stock Option Plan of Overseas-Listed Company, or the Stock Option Rules. In February 2012, SAFE promulgated the Notice on the Administration of Foreign Exchange Matters for Domestic Individuals Participating in the Stock Incentive Plans of Overseas Listed Companies, or the Stock Option Notice. This Stock Option Notice replaced the previous Stock Option Rules. The Stock Option Notice simplifies the requirements and procedures for the registration of stock incentive plan participants, especially in respect of the required application documents and the absence of strict requirements on offshore and onshore custodian banks, as were stipulated in the earlier Stock Option Rules. Under these rules, for PRC resident individuals who participate in stock incentive plans of overseas publicly listed companies, which includes employee stock ownership plans, stock option plans and other incentive plans permitted by relevant laws and regulations, a PRC domestic qualified agent or the PRC subsidiary of such overseas listed company must, among other things, file, on behalf of such resident, an application with SAFE or its local counterpart to obtain approval for an annual allowance with respect to the purchase of foreign exchange in connection with the stock holding or share option exercises as PRC residents may not directly use oversea funds to purchase shares or exercise share options. In addition, 
 26 

Table of Contents 
 within three months after any substantial changes to any such stock incentive plan, including for example any changes due to merger or acquisition or changes to the domestic or overseas custodian agent, the domestic agent must update the registration with SAFE. As our company became listed on the NYSE in May 2011, we and our PRC citizen employees who participate in an employee share ownership plan or a share option plan are subject to these regulations. If we or our PRC option holders fail to comply with these regulations, we or our PRC option holders may be subject to fines and other legal or administrative sanctions. We face uncertainties with respect to indirect transfers of equity interests in PRC resident enterprises by their non-PRC holding companies. The State Administration of Taxation has issued several rules and notices to tighten the scrutiny over acquisition transactions in recent years, including the Notice on Certain Corporate Income Tax Matters Related to Indirect Transfer of Properties by Non-PRC Resident Enterprises issued in February 2015 and amended twice in 2017, or the SAT Circular 7. Pursuant to these rules and notices, except for a few circumstances falling into the scope of the safe harbor provided by the SAT Circular 7, such as open market trading of stocks in public companies listed overseas, if a non-PRC resident enterprise indirectly transfers PRC taxable properties (i.e. properties of an establishment or a place in the PRC, real estate properties in the PRC or equity investments in a PRC tax resident enterprise) by disposing of equity interest or other similar rights in an overseas holding company, without a reasonable commercial purpose and resulting in the avoidance of PRC enterprise income tax, such indirect transfer should be deemed as a direct transfer of PRC taxable properties and gains derived from such indirect transfer may be subject to the PRC withholding tax at a rate of up to 10 . The SAT Circular 7 sets out several factors to be taken into consideration by tax authorities in determining whether an indirect transfer has a reasonable commercial purpose, such as whether the main value of equity interest in an overseas holding company is derived directly or indirectly from PRC taxable properties. An indirect transfer satisfying all the following criteria will be deemed to lack reasonable commercial purpose and be taxable under PRC law without considering other factors set out by the SAT Circular 7: (i) 75 or more of the equity value of the intermediary enterprise being transferred is derived directly or indirectly from the PRC taxable properties; (ii) at any time during the one-year period before the indirect transfer, 90 or more of the asset value of the intermediary enterprise (excluding cash) is comprised directly or indirectly of investments in the PRC, or 90 or more of its income is derived directly or indirectly from the PRC; (iii) the functions performed and risks assumed by the intermediary enterprise and any of its subsidiaries that directly or indirectly hold the PRC taxable properties are limited and are insufficient to prove their economic substance; and (iv) the foreign tax payable on the gain derived from the indirect transfer of the PRC taxable properties is lower than the potential PRC income tax on the direct transfer of such assets. The SAT Circular 7 also introduces an interest regime by providing that where a transferor fails to file and pay tax on time, and where a withholding agent fails to withhold the tax, interest will be charged on a daily basis. If the transferor has provided the required documents and information or has filed and paid the tax within 30 days from the date that the share transfer contract or agreement is signed, then interest shall be calculated based on the benchmark interest rate; otherwise, the benchmark interest rate plus 5 will apply. Both the foreign transferor and the transferee, and the PRC tax resident enterprise whose equity interests are being transferred may voluntarily report the transfer by submitting the documents required in the SAT Circular 7. Although the SAT Circular 7 provides clarity in many important areas, such as reasonable commercial purpose, there are still uncertainties on the tax reporting and payment obligations with respect to future private equity financing transactions, share exchange or other transactions involving the transfer of shares in non-PRC resident companies. The PRC tax authorities have discretions under the SAT Circular 7 to make adjustments to the taxable capital gains based on the difference between the fair value of the equity interests transferred and the cost of investments. We may pursue acquisitions in the future that may involve complex corporate structures. If we are considered a nonresident enterprise under the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law and if the PRC tax authorities make adjustments to the taxable income of these transactions under the SAT Circular 7, our income tax expenses associated with such potential acquisitions will increase, which may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Our use of some leased properties could be challenged by lessors, third parties or government authorities, which could materially and adversely affect our business. We lease offices from third parties for our operations in China, the United States and Philippines. Any disputes with our lessors in respect of these leases or the leased area, or any defects in lessors title to the leased properties may disrupt our use of our offices, or warehouses, or increase our costs, which may in turn adversely affect our business operations. For example, certain buildings and the underlying land are not allowed to be used for industrial or commercial purposes without the authorities approval, and the lease of such buildings to companies like us may subject the lessor to pay premium fees to the PRC government. We cannot assure you that the lessor has obtained all or any of the approvals from the relevant governmental authorities. In addition, some of our lessors have not provided us with documentation evidencing their title to the relevant leased properties. We cannot assure you that title to these properties we 
 27 

Table of Contents 
 currently lease will not be challenged. In addition, we have not registered any of our lease agreements with the PRC governmental authorities as required by PRC law, and although failure to do so does not in itself invalidate the leases, we may not be able to defend these leases against bona fide third parties. If third parties who purport to be property owners or beneficiaries of the mortgaged properties challenge our right to use the leased properties, we may not be able to protect our leasehold interest and may be ordered to vacate the affected premises, which could in turn materially and adversely affect our business and operating results. Risks Related to the ADSs If the PCAOB is unable to inspect our auditors as required under the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act, the SEC will prohibit the trading of the ADSs. A trading prohibition for the ADSs, or the threat of a trading prohibition, may materially and adversely affect the value of your investment. Additionally, the inability of the PCAOB to conduct inspections of our auditors deprives our investors of the benefits of such inspections. The Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act, or the HFCA Act, was enacted into law on December 18, 2020. Pursuant to the HFCAA, if the SEC determines that we have filed audit reports issued by a registered public accounting firm that has not been subject to inspections by the PCAOB for two consecutive years, the SEC will prohibit our shares or ADSs from being traded on a national securities exchange or in the over-the-counter trading market in the United States. The PCAOB issued a Determination Report on December 16, 2021 (the Determination Report which found that the PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate completely registered public accounting firms headquartered in: (1) mainland China of the People s Republic of China because of a position taken by one or more authorities in mainland China; and (2) Hong Kong, a Special Administrative Region and dependency of the PRC, because of a position taken by one or more authorities in Hong Kong. Furthermore, the Determination Report identified the specific registered public accounting firms which are subject to these determinations PCAOB Identified Firms ). The Company s current auditor, Marcum Asia CPAs LLP, the independent registered public accounting firm that issues the audit report included elsewhere in this annual report, as an auditor of companies that are traded publicly in the United States and a firm registered with the PCAOB, is subject to laws in the U.S. pursuant to which the PCAOB conducts regular inspections to assess its compliance with the applicable professional standards. Marcum Asia, whose audit report is included in this annual report, is headquartered in New York and, as of the date of this annual report, was not included in the list of PCAOB Identified Firms in the Determination Report. On August 26, 2022, the PCAOB announced that it had signed a Statement of Protocol (the Protocol with the China Securities Regulatory Commission (the CSRC and the Ministry of Finance MOF of the People s Republic of China, governing inspections and investigations of audit firms based in mainland China and Hong Kong. Pursuant to the Protocol, the PCAOB conducted inspections on select registered public accounting firms subject to the Determination Report in Hong Kong between September and November 2022. On December 15, 2022, the PCAOB board announced that it has completed the inspections, determined that it had complete access to inspect or investigate completely registered public accounting firms headquartered in mainland China and Hong Kong, and voted to vacate the Determination Report. The Company moved its headquarters and corporate operations, including financial accounting leadership, to the U.S. in 2021 and retains R D activities in China. With the move of our headquarters and financial accounting leadership to the U.S., the majority of the audit work and corresponding workpapers will move to the U.S. Accordingly, we believe that we will be able to retain an auditor that would allow us to avoid a trading prohibition for our securities under the HFCA Act. However, whether the PCAOB will be able to conduct inspections of our auditor, including but not limited to inspection of the audit working papers related to us, in the future is subject to substantial uncertainty and depends on a number of factors out of our, and our auditor s, control. Our ability to retain an auditor subject to PCAOB inspection and investigation, including but not limited to inspection of the audit working papers related to us, may depend on the relevant positions of U.S. and Chinese regulators. Marcum Asia s audit working papers related to us are located in China. With respect to audits of companies with operations in China, such as us, there are uncertainties about the ability of our auditor to fully cooperate with a request by the PCAOB for audit working papers in China without the approval of Chinese authorities. If the PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate completely the Company s auditor because of a position taken by an authority in a foreign jurisdiction, or the PCAOB re-evaluates its determination as a result of any obstruction with the implementation of the Statement of Protocol, then such lack of inspection or re-evaluation could cause trading in the Company s securities to be prohibited under the HFCA Act, and ultimately result in a determination by a securities exchange to delist the Company s securities. Accordingly, the HFCA Act 
 28 

Table of Contents 
 calls for additional and more stringent criteria to be applied to emerging market companies upon assessing the qualification of their auditors, especially the non-U.S. auditors who are not inspected by the PCAOB. On December 29, 2022, the Accelerating Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act, or the AHFCA Act, was signed into law, which reduced the number of consecutive non-inspection years required for triggering the prohibitions under the HFCA Act from three years to two. As a result, the risks mentioned above have been heightened. Each year, the PCAOB will determine whether it can inspect and investigate completely audit firms in mainland China, among other jurisdictions. If the PCAOB determines in the future that it no longer has full access to inspect and investigate completely accounting firms in mainland China and we use an accounting firm headquartered in one of these jurisdictions to issue an audit report on our financial statements filed with the SEC, we would be identified as a Commission-Identified Issuer following the filing of the annual report on Form 10-K for the relevant fiscal year. In accordance with the HFCAA, our securities would be prohibited from being traded on a national securities exchange or in the over-the-counter trading market in the United States if we are identified as a Commission-Identified Issuer for two consecutive years in the future. If our shares and ADSs are prohibited from trading in the United States, there is no certainty that we will be able to list on a non-U.S. exchange or that a market for our shares will develop outside of the United States. A prohibition of being able to trade in the United States would substantially impair your ability to sell or purchase our ADSs when you wish to do so, and the risk and uncertainty associated with delisting would have a negative impact on the price of our ADSs. Also, such a prohibition would significantly affect our ability to raise capital on terms acceptable to us, or at all, which would have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and prospects. If the market price for the ADSs falls below 1.00 for an extended period of time, or to an abnormally low selling price under NYSE rules at any time, the ADSs may be delisted from the NYSE. The NYSE notified us in the past that we were below compliance standards due to the trading price of the ADSs. Pursuant to NYSE Rule 802.01C, a company will be considered to be below compliance standards if the average closing price of a security as reported on the consolidated tape is less than 1.00 over a consecutive 30 trading-day period. Once notified, the company must bring its share price and average share price back above 1.00 by six months following receipt of the notification. The company can regain compliance at any time during the six-month cure period if on the last trading day of any calendar month during the cure period the company has a closing share price of at least 1.00 and an average closing share price of at least 1.00 over the 30 trading-day period ending on the last trading day of that month. In the event that at the expiration of the six-month cure period, both a 1.00 closing share price on the last trading day of the cure period and a 1.00 average closing share price over the 30 trading-day period ending on the last trading day of the cure period are not attained, the NYSE will commence suspension and delisting procedures. In addition, we understand that the NYSE has a policy to suspend trading immediately and commence delisting procedures if the market price of securities falls to an abnormally low selling price under NYSE rules. In response to the letter from the NYSE dated July 30, 2019, we changed the ratio of ADSs to our Class A ordinary shares from the previous ADS ratio of 1 ADS to 15 Class A ordinary shares to a new ADS ratio of one ADS to 45 Class A ordinary shares, effective January 9, 2020. We received another letter from the NYSE dated April 9, 2020 that we were below compliance standards due to the trading price of the ADSs. We regained compliance with the NYSE standards because subsequent to receipt of the letter, the ADSs traded above 1.00 over a consecutive 30 trading-day period. However, we cannot assure you that the ADSs will remain in compliance with the NYSE listing rules going forward. If the ADSs are delisted from the NYSE, the liquidity and value of an investment in the ADSs will be materially and adversely affected. The market price for the ADSs has fluctuated and may continue to be volatile. The market price for the ADSs has fluctuated significantly since we first listed the ADSs. Since the ADSs became listed on the NYSE on May 4, 2011, the closing prices of the ADSs have ranged from 0.45 to 360.00 per ADS, including retrospective adjustments for the change in the number of ordinary shares represented by each ADS that occurred on February 6, 2017 and January 9, 2020. The market price for the ADSs may be highly volatile and subject to wide fluctuations in response to factors including the following: regulatory developments in our industry affecting us or our competitors; announcements of studies and reports relating to the quality of our services or those of our competitors; 
 29 

Table of Contents 
 changes in the economic performance or market valuations of other companies in the SaaS industries or other internet companies; actual or anticipated fluctuations in our quarterly results of operations and changes or revisions of our expected results; changes in financial estimates by securities research analysts; overall performance of the equity markets; issuances of debt or equity securities; announcements by us or our competitors of new services, acquisitions, strategic relationships, joint ventures or capital commitments; additions to or departures of our senior management; fluctuations of exchange rates between the Renminbi and the U.S. dollar; sales or perceived potential sales of ordinary shares or ADSs by us or our investors in the future; changes in accounting practices; ineffectiveness of our internal controls; significant lawsuits, including intellectual property or shareholder litigation; geopolitical and macroeconomic conditions, including the COVID-19 pandemic, the military conflict in Ukraine and Russia, and bank failures; and other events or factors, many of which are beyond our control. 
 In addition, the stock market in general, and the market prices for internet-related companies and companies with operations in China in particular, have experienced volatility that often has been unrelated to the operating performance of such companies. The securities of some China-based companies that have listed their securities in the United States have experienced significant volatility since their initial public offerings, including, in some cases, substantial price declines in the trading prices of their securities due to worsening sentiment about the Chinese economy, governmental policy and China-U.S. relations. The trading performances of these Chinese companies securities after their offerings may affect the attitudes of investors toward companies listed in the United States that have operations in China like us, which consequently may impact the trading performance of our ADSs. You may not have the same voting rights as the holders of our ordinary shares and may not receive voting materials in time to be able to exercise your right to vote. Except as described in this annual report and in the deposit agreement, dated as of May 4, 2011, amendment no. 1 to the deposit agreement, dated as of February 6, 2017, and amendment no. 2 to the deposit agreement, dated as of January 9, 2020, by and among our company, Citibank, N.A., as depositary, and the holders and beneficial owners of American depositary shares, holders of the ADSs will not be able to exercise voting rights attaching to the underlying Class A ordinary shares represented by the ADSs on an individual basis. Holders of the ADSs will appoint the depositary or its nominee as their representative to exercise the voting rights attaching to the underlying Class A ordinary shares represented by the ADSs. Upon receipt of your voting instructions, the depositary will vote on the underlying Class A ordinary shares in accordance with these instructions. Pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, we may convene a shareholders meeting upon seven calendar days notice. If we give timely notice to the depositary under the terms of the deposit agreement, which is 30 days notice, the depositary will notify you of the upcoming vote and arrange to deliver our voting materials to you. We cannot assure you that you will receive the voting materials in time to instruct the depositary to vote the underlying Class A ordinary shares represented 
 30 

Table of Contents 
 by your ADSs, and it is possible that you, or persons who hold their ADSs through brokers, dealers or other third parties, will not have the opportunity to exercise a right to vote. In addition, the depositary and its agents are not responsible for failing to carry out voting instructions or for the manner of carrying out voting instructions. This means that you may not be able to exercise your right to vote and there may be nothing you can do if the underlying Class A ordinary shares represented by your ADSs are not voted as you requested. In addition, although you may directly exercise your right to vote by withdrawing the underlying Class A ordinary shares represented by your ADSs, you may not receive sufficient advance notice of an upcoming shareholders meeting to withdraw the underlying Class A ordinary shares represented by your ADSs to allow you to vote with respect to any specific matter. Your right to participate in any future rights offerings may be limited, which may cause dilution to your holdings, and you may not receive cash dividends if it is impractical to make them available to you. We may from time to time distribute rights to our shareholders, including rights to acquire our securities. However, we cannot make rights available to you in the United States unless we register both the rights and the securities to which the rights relate under the Securities Act or an exemption from the registration requirements is available. Under the deposit agreement, the depositary will not make rights available to you unless both the rights and the underlying securities to be distributed to ADS holders are either registered under the Securities Act or exempt from registration under the Securities Act. We are under no obligation to file a registration statement with respect to any such rights or securities or to endeavor to cause such a registration statement to be declared effective and we may not be able to establish a necessary exemption from registration under the Securities Act. Accordingly, you may be unable to participate in our rights offerings and may experience dilution in your holdings. The depositary of the ADSs has agreed to pay to you the cash dividends or other distributions it or the custodian receives on our ordinary shares or other deposited securities after deducting its fees and expenses. You will receive these distributions in proportion to the number of ordinary shares your ADSs represent. However, the depositary may, at its discretion, decide that it is inequitable or impractical to make a distribution available to any holders of ADSs. For example, the depositary may determine that it is not practicable to distribute certain property through the mail, or that the value of certain distributions may be less than the cost of mailing them. In these cases, the depositary may decide not to distribute such property to you. You may be subject to limitations on transfer of your ADSs. Your ADSs are transferable on the books of the depositary. However, the depositary may close its transfer books at any time or from time to time when it deems expedient in connection with the performance of its duties. For example, the depositary is expected to close its transfer books temporarily in connection with the cash dividend that we announced on April 30, 2018. In addition, the depositary may refuse to deliver, transfer or register transfers of ADSs generally when our books or the books of the depositary are closed, or at any time if we or the depositary deems it advisable to do so because of any requirement of law or of any government or governmental body, or under any provision of the deposit agreement, or for any other reason in accordance with the terms of the deposit agreement. You may face difficulties in protecting your interests, and your ability to protect your rights through the U.S. federal courts may be limited because we are incorporated under Cayman Islands law, and some of our directors reside outside the United States. We are incorporated in the Cayman Islands. Some of our directors reside outside the United States and a substantial portion of the assets of such directors are located outside the United States. As a result, it may be difficult or impossible for you to effect service of process within the United States upon us or these persons, or to bring an action against us or against these individuals in the Cayman Islands or in China in the event that you believe that your rights have been infringed under the securities laws or otherwise. Even if you are successful in bringing an action of this kind, the laws of the Cayman Islands and of China may render you unable to enforce a judgment against our assets or the assets of our directors that are located outside the United States. There is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman Islands of judgments obtained in the federal or state courts of the United States (and the Cayman Islands are not a party to any treaties for the reciprocal enforcement or recognition of such judgments), a judgment obtained in such jurisdiction will be recognized and enforced in the courts of the Cayman Islands at common law, without any re-examination of the merits of the underlying dispute, by an action commenced on the foreign judgment debt in the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands, provided such judgment (a) is given by a foreign court of competent jurisdiction, (b) imposes on the judgment debtor a liability to pay a liquidated sum for which the judgment has been given, (c) is final and conclusive, (d) is not in respect of taxes, a fine or a penalty, and (e) was not obtained in a manner and is not of a kind the enforcement of which is contrary to natural justice or the public policy of the Cayman Islands. However, the Cayman Islands courts are unlikely to enforce a judgment obtained from the U.S. courts under civil liability provisions of the U.S. federal securities law if such judgment is determined by the courts of the Cayman Islands to give rise to obligations to make payments 
 31 

Table of Contents 
 that are penal or punitive in nature. Because such a determination has not yet been made by a court of the Cayman Islands, it is uncertain whether such civil liability judgments from U.S. courts would be enforceable in the Cayman Islands. Our corporate affairs are governed by our memorandum and articles of association, as amended and restated from time to time, and by the Companies Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands and common law of the Cayman Islands. The right of shareholders to take legal action against us and our directors, actions by minority shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors are to a large extent governed by the common law of the Cayman Islands. The common law of the Cayman Islands is derived in part from comparatively limited judicial precedent in the Cayman Islands as well as from English common law, which provides persuasive, but not binding, authority. The rights of our shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors under Cayman Islands law are not as clearly established as they would be under statutes or judicial precedents in the United States. In particular, the Cayman Islands has a less developed body of securities laws than the United States and provides significantly less protection to investors. In addition, Cayman Islands companies may not have standing to initiate a shareholder derivative action in U.S. federal courts. As a result, our public shareholders may have more difficulty in protecting their interests through actions against us, our management, our directors or our major shareholders than would shareholders of a corporation incorporated in a jurisdiction in the United States. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association contain anti-takeover provisions that could adversely affect the rights of holders of our ordinary shares and ADSs. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association contain certain provisions that could limit the ability of others to acquire control of our company, including a provision that grants authority to our board directors to establish from time to time one or more series of preferred shares without action by our shareholders and to determine, with respect to any series of preferred shares, the terms and rights of that series. The provisions could have the effect of depriving our shareholders of the opportunity to sell their shares at a premium over the prevailing market price by discouraging third parties from seeking to obtain control of our company in a tender offer or similar transactions. We may be a passive foreign investment company, or a PFIC, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, which could result in adverse U.S. federal income tax consequence to U.S. Holders of the ADSs or ordinary shares. Depending upon the value of our ordinary shares and ADSs and the nature of our assets and income over time, we could be a PFIC for United States federal income tax purposes. A non-United States corporation will generally be treated as a PFIC for any taxable year if either (i) 75 or more of its gross income for such year consists of certain types of passive income, or (ii) 50 or more of the value of its assets (determined on the basis of a quarterly average) during such year is attributable to assets that produce passive income or are held for the production of passive income. Passive income is generally any income that would be foreign personal holding company income under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, including dividends, interest, royalties, rents, annuities, net gains from the sale or exchange of property producing such income, net gains from commodity transactions, net foreign currency gains and income from notional principal contracts. Based on our analysis of the value of our ordinary shares and ADSs and our estimated income, assets and activities, we believe we may have been a PFIC for the taxable year ended December 31, 2022. We have been classified as a PFIC in prior years and may be classified as a PFIC in the future due to the complexity of regulations and uncertainty surrounding the facts and circumstances that determine PFIC status. If we were or are a PFIC, adverse United States federal income tax consequences could result to U.S. Holders (as defined in Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Taxation Material United States Federal Income Tax Considerations General ). For any taxable year in which we are a PFIC and a U.S. Holder holds our ordinary shares or ADSs, such U.S. Holder will continue to be treated as owning stock of a PFIC even if we cease to satisfy either of the above tests for determining PFIC status in a subsequent taxable year. U.S. Holders treated as owning stock in a PFIC generally will become subject to increased U.S. federal income tax liabilities and special U.S. federal income tax reporting requirements, unless they make a timely mark-to-market election or, potentially, a Qualified Electing Fund election to mitigate some of the applicable consequences. For more information on the U.S. federal income tax consequences to a U.S. Holder that would result from our classification as a PFIC, see Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Taxation Material United States Federal Income Tax Considerations Passive Foreign Investment Company Rules. Our U.S. counsel expresses no opinion with respect to our PFIC status for any taxable year. 
 32 

Table of Contents 
 If we or any of our subsidiaries is a controlled foreign corporation, there could be materially adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences to certain U.S. Holders of our ordinary shares. If a United States person is treated as owning (directly, indirectly, or constructively) at least 10 of the value or voting power of our shares (including through ADSs), such person may be treated as a United States shareholder with respect to each controlled foreign corporation in our group. Because our group includes one or more U.S. subsidiaries, we expect that certain of our future non-U.S. subsidiaries will be treated as controlled foreign corporations (regardless of whether or not we are treated as a controlled foreign corporation). A United States shareholder of a controlled foreign corporation may be required to report annually and include in its U.S. taxable income its pro rata share of Subpart F income, global intangible low-taxed income, and investments in U.S. property by controlled foreign corporations, regardless of whether the controlled foreign corporations make any distributions. An individual that is a United States shareholder with respect to a controlled foreign corporation generally would not be allowed certain tax deductions or foreign tax credits that would be allowed to a United States shareholder that is a U.S. corporation. Failure to comply with these reporting obligations may subject a United States shareholder to significant monetary penalties and may prevent the statute of limitations from starting with respect to such shareholder s U.S. federal income tax return for the year for which reporting was due. We cannot provide any assurances that we will assist investors in determining whether we or any of our non-U.S. subsidiaries is treated as a controlled foreign corporation or whether any investor is treated as a United States shareholder with respect to any such controlled foreign corporation, or that we will furnish to any United States shareholders information that may be necessary to comply with the aforementioned reporting and tax paying obligations. A United States investor should consult its advisors regarding the potential application of these rules to an investment in our ADSs. ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS Not applicable. ITEM 2. PROPERTIES Our principal executive offices are located at 45 West Buchanan Street, Phoenix, Arizona, 85004 USA, where we own approximately 1,650 square meters of office space. We relocated in January 2023 from 2828 N. Central Avenue Fl 7, Phoenix, Arizona, 85004 USA, where we leased approximately 1,415 square meters of office space. We also lease approximately 804 square meters in Beijing and approximately 911 square meters of office space in Wuhan in central China. We also lease approximately 765 square meters of office space in the Philippines for our SaaS business team. We lease our premises from unrelated third parties under non-cancelable operating lease agreements. Some of the lessors of our leased premises in China do not have valid title to such premises or proper authorization from the title owner to sublease such premises. For further details, see Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business and Industry Our use of some leased properties could be challenged by lessors, third parties or government authorities, which could materially and adversely affect our business. Our servers are primarily hosted at internet data centers owned by major domestic internet data center providers. The hosting services agreements typically have terms of one year. We believe our existing facilities, both owned and leased, are in good condition and suitable for the conduct of our business. We believe that we will be able to obtain adequate facilities, principally through leasing, to accommodate our future expansion plans. ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS On July 19, 2018, two shareholders instituted derivative suit on behalf of Renren Inc., naming our company only as a nominal defendant, against Joseph Chen, our chief executive officer and chairman of our board of directors and David Chao, a former director. On December 5, 2018, another derivative suit was filed in the name of our company, as nominal defendant, against Joseph Chen, David Chao; DCM III, L.P., DCM III-A, L.P., DCM Affiliates Fund III, L.P., and DCM Investment Management III, LLC (collectively, the DCM Defendants Oak Pacific Investment OPI and Duff Phelps, LLC Duff Phelps ), financial advisor to the special committee of our board of directors. On March 7, 2019, the plaintiffs filed a consolidated complaint in the consolidated case In re Renren, Inc. Derivative Litigation , Index No. 653594/2018 (Sup. Ct. N.Y. Cty.) (the Action ). In the Consolidated Amended Complaint, the plaintiffs alleges that OPI, as part of a spin-off transaction involving certain of our company s assets, paid less than fair market value for certain assets of our company and that the director defendants used the spin-off transaction to enrich themselves at the expense of other shareholders. The complaint further alleges that Duff Phelps and the DCM Defendants aided in the alleged acts relating to the spin-off transaction and that OPI knowingly received the alleged improperly transferred assets. The plaintiffs subsequently 
 33 

Table of Contents 
 moved to amend the Consolidated Amended Complaint to add SoftBank Group Corp., SB Pan Pacific Corporation, Renren SF Holdings, Inc., Renren Lianhe Holdings and Social Finance, Inc. as defendants in the litigation. As the claims are brought nominally in the name of our company, the plaintiffs purport to assert claims on the company s behalf and do not seek to impose any liability on our company. On October 7, 2021, the various parties involved in the Action, including our company as a nominal defendant, entered into a Stipulation of Settlement (as amended by an Amendment to Stipulation of Settlement dated May 27, 2022, the Amended Stipulation for the purpose of settling the Action. On June 9, 2022, the New York State Supreme Court, Commercial Division entered a Final Order and Judgment to approve the Amended Stipulation, which became effective on October 20, 2022 following a withdrawal of appeal by certain parties. On November 3, 2022, our board of directors declared a special cash distribution in accordance with the Amended Stipulation. The final amount of special cash distribution is 0.7026 per Class A ordinary share, or 31.6170 per ADS, payable to all holders of our Class A ordinary shares (including those underlying the ADS) of record as of 5:00 p.m. Eastern Time on November 21, 2022, other than the defendants and D O releasees as specifically identified in the Amended Stipulation. The special cash distribution was paid on December 21, 2022 and the settlement contemplated by the Amended Stipulation has been completed. Joseph Chen and James Liu did not participate in the cash distribution as required by the terms of the settlement. From time to time, we may become party to litigation or other legal proceedings that we consider to be part of the ordinary course of business. We are not currently a party to any material legal proceedings, and we are not aware of any pending or threatened legal proceedings against us that could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURE Not applicable. 
 34 

Table of Contents 
 PART II ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES Market Information The ADSs, each currently representing 45 of our Class A ordinary shares, have been listed on The New York Stock Exchange since May 4, 2011 under the symbol RENN. Prior to May 4, 2011, there was no public market for our stock. Our Class B ordinary shares are neither listed nor traded. Holders of Record As of March 24, 2023, there were approximately 44 holders of record of our Class A ordinary shares (including Citibank, N.A., the depositary of the ADS program, as record holder of the Class A ordinary shares underlying the ADSs), and 2 holders of record of our Class B ordinary shares. Because many ADSs are held in street name by brokers and other institutions on behalf of their beneficial owners, we are unable to estimate the actual number of beneficial owners of our Class A ordinary shares underlying the ADSs and thus such number is not known or included in the foregoing number. Dividend Policy On April 30, 2018, we announced a special cash dividend payable to all holders of our ordinary shares (including Class A ordinary shares underlying the ADSs). At the same time, we also announced that Oak Pacific Investment OPI ), then a wholly owned subsidiary of us, would be conducting a private placement in which it would offer its ordinary shares solely to our shareholders, for which the waiver of the cash dividend would be the sole form of payment that would be accepted. We refer to the cash dividend, the private placement, and the ancillary agreements and actions as the OPI Transaction . The OPI Transaction was undertaken to reduce the number and aggregate size of our long-term investments in order to mitigate the risk of us being deemed to be an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940. The OPI Transaction was completed in June 2018, and we paid a cash dividend of 0.6125 per ordinary share, or 9.1875 per ADS, to all of our shareholders as of 5:00 p.m. Eastern time on June 14, 2018, other than those shareholders who had waived the cash dividend as payment for shares of OPI. The aggregate amount of the cash dividend was 133.7 million. On November 3, 2022, our board of directors declared a special cash distribution in connection with the settlement of the consolidated shareholder derivative lawsuits captioned In re Renren, Inc. Derivative Litigation , Index No. 653594/2018 (Sup. Ct. N.Y. Cty.). On December 21, 2022, Epiq Class Action Claims Solutions, Inc., as administrator for the settlement funds, paid 0.7026 per Class A ordinary share, or 31.6170 per ADS, to all holders of our Class A ordinary shares (including those underlying the ADS) of record as of 5:00 p.m. Eastern Time on November 21, 2022, other than persons who were specifically excluded. The special cash distribution was paid from a settlement account funded by the defendants in its entirety without any contribution from our company and thus has no impact on our financial position, liquidity, or profitability. Other than the aforementioned special cash dividends, we have not paid any cash dividends on our ordinary shares in the past. The payment of cash dividends in June 2018 and December 2022 represents an exception to our dividend policy rather than a change to it. We currently intend to retain any future earnings for use in the operation of our business and do not intend to declare or pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Any further determination to pay dividends on our capital stock will be at the discretion of our board of directors, subject to applicable laws, and will depend on our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, general business conditions and other factors that our board of directors considers relevant. As a Cayman Islands holding company, our ability to pay dividends and other cash distributions to our shareholders depends partly upon dividends and other distributions paid to us by our PRC subsidiaries. The amount of dividends paid to us depends partly on the service and license fees paid to Qianxiang Shiji, our wholly owned PRC subsidiary, by Qianxiang Tiancheng pursuant to their contractual arrangements. In China, the payment of dividends is subject to limitations. PRC laws and regulations currently permit payment of dividends only out of accumulated profits as determined in accordance with PRC accounting standards and regulations. Under current PRC laws and regulations, our PRC subsidiaries are required to set aside at least 10 of their respective after-tax profits each year, if any, to fund a 
 35 

Table of Contents 
 statutory reserve until such reserve reaches 50 of their registered capital. Although the statutory reserves can be used, among other ways, to increase the registered capital and eliminate future losses in excess of retained earnings of the respective companies, the reserve funds are not distributable as cash dividends except in the event of liquidation. Our PRC subsidiaries are permitted to pay dividends to us only out of their respective retained earnings, if any, as determined in accordance with PRC accounting standards and regulations. Further, if our PRC subsidiary incurs debt in the future, the instruments governing the debt may restrict its ability to pay dividends or make other payments to us. Pursuant to the contractual arrangements among Qianxiang Shiji, Qianxiang Tiancheng and its shareholders, Qianxiang Tiancheng will pay service and license fees to Qianxiang Shiji with its available earnings and cash (including dividends received from its subsidiaries). After paying the withholding taxes applicable to Qianxiang Shiji s revenues and earnings, funding its statutory reserve requirements and retaining any profits from accumulated profits, the remaining net profits of Qianxiang Shiji would be available for distribution to us by the offshore holding companies through which we own Qianxiang Shiji, although we have not, and do not have, any present plan to make such distributions. As of December 31, 2022, the negative net assets of Qianxiang Shiji, Qianxiang Tiancheng and its subsidiaries, which were restricted due to statutory reserve requirements and other applicable laws and regulations and thus not available for distribution, amounted to 251.3 million in the aggregate. We do not believe that these restrictions on the distribution of our net assets will have a significant impact on our ability to meet our financial obligations in the future. Furthermore, cash transfers from our PRC subsidiaries to our subsidiaries outside of China are subject to PRC government control of currency conversion. Restrictions on the availability of foreign currency may affect the ability of our PRC subsidiaries, Qianxiang Tiancheng and its subsidiaries to remit sufficient foreign currency to pay dividends or other payments to us, or otherwise satisfy their foreign currency denominated obligations. Subject to our memorandum and articles of association and certain restrictions under Cayman Islands law, our board of directors has complete discretion on whether to distribute dividends. In addition, our shareholders may by ordinary resolution declare dividends, but no such dividend shall exceed the amount recommended by our board of directors. Even if our board of directors decides to pay dividends, the form, frequency and amount will depend upon our future operations and earnings, capital requirements and surplus, general financial condition, contractual restrictions and other factors that the board of directors may deem relevant. If we pay any dividends, they will be paid in accordance with Cayman Islands law, which provides, in summary, that dividends may be paid out of profits and/or our share premium account provided always that no such distribution or dividend paid to our shareholders will cause us to be unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of our business. In addition, the Companies Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands prevents us from offering our shares or securities to individuals within the Cayman Islands, which may limit our ability to distribute a dividend comprised of our shares or other securities. We will pay the ADS holders to the same extent as holders of our ordinary shares, subject to the terms of the deposit agreement, including the fees and expenses payable thereunder. See Description of American Depositary Shares in our registration statement on Form F-1 (File No. 333-173548), as amended, initially filed with the SEC on April 15, 2011. Cash dividends on our ordinary shares, if any, will be paid in U.S. dollars. Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans The information required by this Item regarding equity compensation plans is incorporated herein by reference to Item 12 of Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer or Affiliated Purchasers None. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities Not applicable. Taxation The following is a discussion of the material Cayman Islands, People s Republic of China and United States federal income tax consequences that may be relevant to an investment decision in our Class A ordinary shares or the ADSs, and is based upon laws, regulations and relevant interpretations thereof in effect as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, all of which are subject to change. This discussion is not a comprehensive description of all the possible tax consequences relating to an investment in our Class A 
 36 

Table of Contents 
 ordinary shares or the ADSs, such as the tax consequences under U.S. state, local and other tax laws. To the extent that the discussion relates to matters of Cayman Islands tax law, it is the opinion of Maples and Calder (Hong Kong) LLP, our Cayman Islands legal counsel, and to the extent it relates to PRC tax law, it is the opinion of Yuanhe Twelve Tables Partners, our PRC legal counsel. Material Cayman Islands Taxation The Cayman Islands currently levies no taxes on individuals or corporations based upon profits, income, gains or appreciation and there is no taxation in the nature of inheritance tax or estate duty. There are no other taxes likely to be material to us or our shareholders or ADS holders levied by the government of the Cayman Islands except for stamp duties which may be applicable on instruments executed in, or after execution brought within the jurisdiction of the Cayman Islands. The Cayman Islands is not party to any double tax treaties that are applicable to any payments made to or by the Company. There are no exchange control regulations or currency restrictions in the Cayman Islands. Material People s Republic of China Taxation Renren Inc. is a holding company incorporated in the Cayman Islands. Under the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law (the EIT Law and its implementation rules, an enterprise established outside of mainland China with a de facto management body within mainland China is considered a resident enterprise, and will be subject to PRC enterprise income tax on its global income at the rate of 25 . The implementation rules define the term de facto management body as the body that exercises full and substantial control and overall management over the business, productions, personnel, accounts and properties of an enterprise. In 2009, the State Administration of Taxation issued SAT Circular 82, which provides certain specific criteria for determining whether the de facto management body of a Chinese-controlled enterprise that is incorporated offshore is located within mainland China. Although this circular only applies to offshore enterprises controlled by Chinese enterprises or Chinese enterprise groups, not those controlled by Chinese individuals or foreigners, the criteria set forth in the circular may reflect the State Administration of Taxation s general position on how the de facto management body test should be applied in determining the tax resident status of all offshore enterprises. According to SAT Circular 82, all offshore enterprises controlled by a Chinese enterprise, or a Chinese enterprise group will be regarded as a Chinese tax resident by virtue of having its de facto management body in mainland China only if all of the following conditions are met: (i) the primary location of the day-to-day operational management is in mainland China; (ii) decisions relating to the enterprise s financial and human resource matters are made or are subject to approval by organizations or personnel in mainland China; (iii) the enterprise s primary assets, accounting books and records, company seals, and board and shareholder resolutions, are located or maintained in mainland China; and (iv) at least 50 of voting board members or senior executives habitually reside in mainland China. 
 We believe that neither Renren Inc. nor any of its subsidiaries incorporated outside of mainland China is a Chinese resident enterprise for Chinese tax purposes. Renren Inc. is not controlled by a Chinese enterprise or Chinese enterprise group, and we do not believe that Renren Inc. meets all of the conditions above. Renren Inc. is a company incorporated outside mainland China. As a holding company, some of its key assets are located, and its records (including the resolutions of its board of directors and the resolutions of its shareholders) are maintained, outside mainland China. For the same reasons, we believe our other subsidiaries outside of mainland China are also non-Chinese resident enterprises for Chinese tax purpose. However, the tax resident status of an enterprise is subject to determination by the Chinese tax authorities and uncertainties remain with respect to the interpretation of the term de facto management body. If Chinese tax authorities determine that Renren Inc. is a Chinese resident enterprise for EIT purposes, we may be required to withhold tax at a rate of 10 on dividends we pay to our shareholders, including holders of the ADSs that are non-resident enterprises. In addition, non-resident enterprise shareholders (including the ADS holders) may be subject to a 10 Chinese withholding tax on gains realized on the sale or other disposition of the ADS or Class A ordinary shares, if such income is treated as sourced from within mainland China. Furthermore, gains derived by our non-Chinese individual shareholders from the sale of our ordinary shares and the ADSs may be subject to a 20 Chinese withholding tax. It is unclear whether our non-Chinese individual shareholders (including the ADS holders) would be subject to any Chinese tax (including withholding tax) on dividends received by such non-Chinese individual shareholders in the event we are determined to be a Chinese resident enterprise. If any Chinese tax were to apply to dividends realized by non-Chinese 
 37 

Table of Contents 
 individuals, it will generally apply at a rate of 20 . The Chinese tax liability may be reduced under applicable tax treaties. However, it is unclear whether non-Chinese shareholders of Renren Inc. would be able to claim the benefits of any tax treaty between their country of tax residence and mainland China in the event that Renren Inc. is treated as a Chinese resident enterprise. See Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Corporate Structure. Pursuant to the EIT Law and its implementation rules, if a non-resident enterprise has not set up an organization or establishment in mainland China or has set up an organization or establishment but the income derived has no actual connection with such organization or establishment, it will be subject to a withholding tax on its Chinese-sourced income at a rate of 10 . If Renren Inc. is not deemed to be a Chinese resident enterprise, holders of the ADSs and our Class A ordinary shares who are not Chinese residents will not be subject to Chinese income tax on dividends distributed by us. With respect to gains realized from the sale or other disposition of our Class A ordinary shares or the ADSs, there is a possibility that a Chinese tax authority may impose an income tax under the indirect transfer rules set out under the Announcement of the State Administration of Taxation on Several Issues Concerning the Enterprise Income Tax on Indirect Property Transfer by Non-Resident Enterprises, except that such transaction could fall under the safe harbor thereunder. See Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Corporate Structure We face uncertainties with respect to indirect transfers of equity interests in PRC resident enterprises by their non-PRC holding companies. Material United States Federal Income Tax Considerations The following discussion is a summary of certain material U.S. federal income tax considerations generally applicable to the ownership and disposition of the ADSs or ordinary shares by a U.S. Holder (as defined below) that holds the ADSs or ordinary shares as capital assets (generally, property held for investment) under the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the Code. This discussion is based upon existing U.S. federal income tax law, as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and which is subject to differing interpretations or change, possibly with retroactive effect. No ruling has been sought from the Internal Revenue Service, the IRS, with respect to any U.S. federal income tax consequences described below, and there can be no assurance that the IRS or a court will not take a contrary position. This discussion, moreover, does not address the U.S. federal estate, gift, Medicare, and alternative minimum tax considerations, any election to apply Section 1400Z-2 of the Code to gains recognized with respect to sales or other dispositions of the ADSs or ordinary shares, special accounting rules under Section 451(b) of the Code, or any state, local or non-U.S. tax considerations, relating to the ownership or disposition of the ADSs or ordinary shares. The following summary also does not address all aspects of U.S. federal income taxation that may be important to particular investors in light of their individual circumstances or to persons in special tax situations such as: (i) banks and other financial institutions; (ii) insurance companies; (iii) pension plans; (iv) cooperatives; (v) regulated investment companies; (vi) real estate investment trusts; (vii) broker-dealers; (viii) dealers or traders that elect to use a mark-to-market method of accounting; (ix) certain former U.S. citizens or long-term residents; (x) tax-exempt entities (including private foundations); (xi) governmental organizations; 
 38 

Table of Contents 
 (xii) investors who acquire their ADSs or ordinary shares pursuant to any employee share option or otherwise as compensation; (xiii) investors that will hold their ADSs or ordinary shares as part of a straddle, hedge, conversion, constructive sale or other integrated transaction for U.S. federal income tax purposes; (xiv) investors that have a functional currency other than the U.S. dollar; (xv) investors holding their ADSs or ordinary shares in connection with a trade or business, fixed place of business, or permanent establishment outside the United States; (xvi) investors that actually or constructively own 10 or more of our stock (by vote or value); or (xvii) partnerships or other entities taxable as partnerships for U.S. federal income tax purposes, or persons holding ADSs or ordinary shares through such entities. 
 If a partnership (or other entity treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes) is a beneficial owner of ADSs or ordinary shares, the tax treatment of a partner in the partnership will generally depend upon the status of the partner and the activities of the partnership. Partnerships holding the ADSs or ordinary shares and their partners are urged to consult their tax advisors regarding an investment in the ADSs or ordinary shares. General For purposes of this discussion, a U.S. Holder is a beneficial owner of the ADSs or ordinary shares that is, for U.S. federal income tax purposes: (i) an individual who is a citizen or resident of the United States; (ii) a corporation (or other entity treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes) created in or organized under the law of the United States or any state thereof or the District of Columbia; (iii) an estate the income of which is includible in gross income for U.S. federal income tax purposes regardless of its source; or (iv) a trust (A) the administration of which is subject to the primary supervision of a U.S. court and which has one or more U.S. persons who have the authority to control all substantial decisions of the trust or (B) that has otherwise validly elected to be treated as a U.S. person under the Code. 
 For U.S. federal income tax purposes, it is generally expected that a U.S. Holder of ADSs will be treated as the beneficial owner of the underlying shares represented by the ADSs. The remainder of this discussion assumes that a U.S. Holder of the ADSs will be treated in this manner. Accordingly, deposits or withdrawals of ordinary shares for ADSs will generally not be subject to U.S. federal income tax. Each U.S. Holder is urged to consult its tax advisor regarding the U.S. federal, state and local and non-U.S. tax considerations of owning and disposing of the ADSs or ordinary shares in its particular circumstances. Dividends Subject to the discussion below under Passive Foreign Investment Company Rules, distributions paid on the ADSs or ordinary shares out of our current or accumulated earnings and profits, as determined under U.S. federal income tax principles, will generally be includible in the gross income of a U.S. Holder as dividend income on the day actually or constructively received by the U.S. Holder, in the case of ordinary shares, or by the depositary, in the case of ADSs. Because we do not intend to determine our earnings and profits on the basis of U.S. federal income tax principles, any distribution we pay will generally be treated as a dividend for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Dividends received on the ADSs or ordinary shares will not be eligible for the dividends received deduction allowed to corporations in respect of dividends received from U.S. corporations. The amount of any dividend income paid in a foreign currency will be the U.S. dollar amount calculated by reference to the spot rate in effect on the date of actual or constructive receipt, 
 39 

Table of Contents 
 regardless of whether the payment is in fact converted into U.S. dollars on such date. If the dividend is converted into U.S. dollars on the date of receipt, a U.S. Holder generally should not be required to recognize foreign currency gain or loss in respect of the amount received. A U.S. Holder may have foreign currency gain or loss if the dividend is converted into U.S. dollars after the date of receipt. Subject to applicable limitations, dividends paid to certain non-corporate U.S. Holders may be taxable at reduced rates. Non-corporate U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisers regarding the availability of these reduced tax rates in their particular circumstances. Dividends will generally be treated as income from foreign sources for United States foreign tax credit purposes and will generally constitute passive category income. In the event that we are deemed to be a PRC resident enterprise under the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law, a U.S. Holder may be subject to PRC withholding taxes on dividends paid on the ADSs or ordinary shares (see Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Taxation Material People s Republic of China Taxation ). For U.S. federal income tax purposes, the amount of any dividend income will include amounts withheld in respect of PRC withholding tax, if any. Depending on a U.S. Holder s individual facts and circumstances, the U.S. Holder may be eligible, subject to a number of complex limitations, to claim a foreign tax credit not in excess of any applicable treaty rate in respect of any foreign withholding taxes imposed on dividends received on the ADSs or ordinary shares. A U.S. Holder who does not elect to claim a foreign tax credit for foreign tax withheld may instead claim a deduction, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, in respect of such withholding, but only for a year in which such U.S. Holder elects to do so for all creditable foreign income taxes. The rules governing the foreign tax credit are complex and their outcome depends in large part on the U.S. Holder s individual facts and circumstances. Accordingly, U.S. Holders are urged to consult their tax advisors regarding the availability of the foreign tax credit under their particular circumstances. Sale or Other Disposition of ADSs or Ordinary Shares Subject to the discussion below under Passive Foreign Investment Company Rules, (PFIC) a U.S. Holder will generally recognize gain or loss upon the sale or other disposition of the ADSs or ordinary shares in an amount equal to the difference between the amount realized upon the disposition and such U.S. Holder s adjusted tax basis in such ADSs or ordinary shares. The gain or loss will generally be capital gain or loss. Any capital gain or loss will be long-term if the ADSs or ordinary shares have been held for more than one year. The deductibility of a capital loss may be subject to limitations. Any such gain or loss that the U.S. Holder recognizes will generally be treated as U.S.-source income or loss for foreign tax credit limitation purposes, which will generally limit the availability of foreign tax credits. However, in the event we are deemed to be a PRC resident enterprise under the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law, we may be eligible for the benefits of the United States-PRC income tax treaty. In such event, if PRC tax were to be imposed on any gain from the disposition of the ADSs or ordinary shares, a U.S. Holder that is eligible for the benefits of the United States-PRC income tax treaty may elect to treat such gain as PRC source income. If a U.S. Holder is not eligible for the benefits of the United States-PRC income tax treaty or fails to make the election to treat any gain as foreign source, then such U.S. Holder may not be able to use the foreign tax credit arising from any PRC tax imposed on the disposition of the ADSs or ordinary shares unless such credit can be applied (subject to applicable limitations) against U.S. federal income tax due on other income derived from foreign sources in the same income category (generally, the passive category). Each U.S. Holder is advised to consult its tax advisors regarding the tax consequences if foreign tax is imposed on a disposition of the ADSs or ordinary shares, including the availability of any foreign tax credit under its particular circumstances. Passive Foreign Investment Company Rules A non-U.S. corporation, such as us, will be classified as a PFIC if, in the case of any particular taxable year, either (i) 75 or more of its gross income for such year consists of certain types of passive income or (ii) 50 or more of the value of its assets (determined on the basis of a quarterly average) during such year is attributable to assets that produce or are held for the production of passive income. For this purpose, cash and assets readily convertible into cash are generally categorized as passive assets and the company s goodwill and other unbooked intangibles associated with active business activities may generally be classified as active assets. Passive income generally includes, among other things, dividends, interest, rents, royalties, and gains from the disposition of passive assets. For purposes of these rules, we will generally be treated as owning a proportionate share of the assets and earning a proportionate share of the income of any other corporation in which we own, directly or indirectly, more than 25 (by value) of the stock. Based upon the nature of our business, the composition of our income and assets and the value of our assets, including goodwill (which is based on the market price of the ADSs), we believe we may have been a PFIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes for the taxable year ended December 31, 2022, and may be a PFIC for the current taxable year or in the future. Whether we were or are a PFIC 
 40 

Table of Contents 
 is a fact-intensive determination made on an annual basis and the applicable law is subject to varying interpretation. Such determination is uncertain because, among other things, (i) the total value of our assets may be determined, in part, by reference to our market capitalization from time to time, which may fluctuate considerably and (ii) the characterization of our income and assets as active or passive may depend, in part, on our current and intended future business plans, including how, and how quickly, we use our liquid assets, which are subject to change. Even if we determine that we are not a PFIC for a taxable year, there can be no assurance that the IRS will not successfully challenge our position. Accordingly, our U.S. counsel expresses no opinion with respect to our PFIC status for any taxable year. For any taxable year during which we are a PFIC and a U.S. Holder holds the ADSs or ordinary shares, unless the U.S. Holder makes a mark-to-market election (as described below), the U.S. Holder will generally be subject to special tax rules that have a penalizing effect, regardless of whether we remain a PFIC, on (i) any excess distribution that we make to the U.S. Holder (which generally means any distribution paid during a taxable year to a U.S. Holder that is greater than 125 percent of the average annual distributions paid in the three preceding taxable years or, if shorter, the U.S. Holder s holding period for the ADSs or ordinary shares), and (ii) any gain realized on the sale or other disposition of the ADSs or ordinary shares. Under the PFIC rules: (i) the excess distribution or gain will be allocated ratably over the U.S. Holder s holding period for the ADSs or ordinary shares; (ii) the amount allocated to the current taxable year and any taxable years in the U.S. Holder s holding period prior to the first taxable year in which we are classified as a PFIC (each, a pre-PFIC year will be taxable as ordinary income; (iii) the amount allocated to each prior taxable year, other than a pre-PFIC year, will be subject to tax at the highest tax rate in effect for individuals or corporations, as appropriate, for that year; and (iv) the interest charge generally applicable to underpayments of tax will be imposed on the tax attributable to each prior taxable year, other than a pre-PFIC year. 
 If we are a PFIC for any taxable year during which a U.S. Holder holds the ADSs or ordinary shares and any of our subsidiaries, Qianxiang Tiancheng or any of its subsidiaries is also a PFIC, such U.S. Holder would be treated as owning a proportionate amount (by value) of the shares of the lower-tier PFIC for purposes of the application of these rules. U.S. Holders are urged to consult their tax advisors regarding the application of the PFIC rules to any of our subsidiaries, Qianxiang Tiancheng or any of its subsidiaries. As an alternative to the foregoing rules, a U.S. Holder of marketable stock (as defined below) in a PFIC may make a mark-to-market election with respect to such stock. If we are a PFIC and a U.S. Holder makes this election with respect to the ADSs, the U.S. Holder will generally (i) include as ordinary income for each taxable year that we are a PFIC the excess, if any, of the fair market value of the ADSs held at the end of the taxable year over the adjusted tax basis of such ADSs and (ii) deduct as an ordinary loss in each such taxable year the excess, if any, of the adjusted tax basis of the ADSs over the fair market value of such ADSs held at the end of the taxable year, but such deduction will only be allowed to the extent of the amount previously included in income as a result of the mark-to-market election. The U.S. Holder s adjusted tax basis in the ADSs would be adjusted to reflect any income or loss resulting from the mark-to-market election. If a U.S. Holder makes a mark-to-market election in respect of the ADSs and we cease to be classified as a PFIC, the U.S. Holder will not be required to take into account the gain or loss described above during any period that we are not classified as a PFIC. If a U.S. Holder makes a mark-to-market election, any gain such U.S. Holder recognizes upon the sale or other disposition of the ADSs in a year when we are a PFIC will be treated as ordinary income and any loss will be treated as ordinary loss, but such loss will only be treated as ordinary loss to the extent of the net amount previously included in income as a result of the mark-to-market election. The mark-to-market election is available only for marketable stock, which is stock that is regularly traded on a qualified exchange or other market as defined in applicable U.S. Treasury Regulations. The ADSs will be treated as regularly traded for any calendar year in which more than a de minimis quantity of the ADSs are traded on a qualified exchange for at least 15 days during each calendar quarter. The New York Stock Exchange, where the ADSs are listed, is a qualified exchange for this purpose (but no assurance can be given in this regard). Because a mark-to-market election cannot be made for any lower-tier PFICs that we may own, a U.S. Holder may continue to be subject to the PFIC rules with respect to such U.S. Holder s indirect interest in any investments held by us that are treated as an equity interest in a PFIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
 41 

Table of Contents 
 We do not intend to provide information necessary for U.S. Holders to make qualified electing fund elections which, if available, would result in tax treatment different from (and generally less adverse than) the general tax treatment for PFICs described above. If a U.S. Holder owns the ADSs or ordinary shares during any taxable year that we are a PFIC, the U.S. Holder must generally file an annual IRS Form 8621 or such other form as is required by the U.S. Treasury Department. Each U.S. Holder is advised to consult its tax advisor regarding the potential tax consequences to such U.S. Holder relating to our PFIC status, including the possibility of making a mark-to-market election. Information Reporting and Backup Withholding Payments of dividends and sales proceeds that are made within the United States or through certain U.S.-related financial intermediaries may be subject to information reporting and backup withholding, unless (i) the U.S. Holder is a corporation or other exempt recipient and (ii) in the case of backup withholding, the U.S. Holder provides a correct taxpayer identification number and certifies that it is not subject to backup withholding. The amount of any backup withholding from a payment to a U.S. Holder will be allowed as a credit against the U.S. Holder s U.S. federal income tax liability and may entitle it to a refund, provided that the required information is timely furnished to the IRS. Certain U.S. Holders who are individuals (or certain specified entities) may be required to report information relating to their ownership of the ADSs or ordinary shares, unless the ADSs or ordinary shares are held in accounts at financial institutions (in which case the accounts may be reportable if maintained by non-U.S. financial institutions)). U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisers regarding their reporting obligations with respect to the ADSs or ordinary shares. THE ABOVE DISCUSSION DOES NOT COVER ALL TAX MATTERS THAT MAY BE OF IMPORTANCE TO A PARTICULAR INVESTOR. PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS ARE STRONGLY URGED TO CONSULT THEIR OWN TAX ADVISORS ABOUT THE TAX CONSEQUENCES OF AN INVESTMENT IN OUR CLASS A ORDINARY SHARES OR THE ADSS. ITEM 6. [RESERVED] ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS You should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this annual report on Form 10-K. This discussion contains forward-looking statements based upon current expectations that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results and the timing of selected events could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those set forth under Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this annual report on Form 10-K. Operating Results Overview Our business model has been evolving continuously since our initial public offering in May 2011. At the time of our initial public offering, we were primarily a social networking service platform, and we had a number of ancillary businesses that were intended to monetize that platform. We gradually disposed of most of those ancillary businesses in the years that followed our initial public offering. Currently, we operate two SaaS businesses, Chime and Trucker Path. Chime offers an all-in-one real estate sales acceleration and client lifecycle management platform that allows real estate professionals to obtain leads, close transactions, and retain their clients. Trucker Path is a driver-centric online transportation management platform whose mission is to make freight transportation fast, reliable, and efficient. Trucker Path provides trip planning, navigation, freight sourcing, a market place that offers goods and services truckers use to operate their businesses and helps connect qualified brokers and carriers to expand their reach and initiate and complete transactions easily and efficiently. The majority of our revenues are generated by our SaaS businesses. Our SaaS businesses currently generate 100 of their revenue from the U.S. market. 
 42 

Table of Contents 
 As of December 31, 2022, we have two reportable segments, Chime and Trucker Path. Our total revenues from the SaaS business increased from US 31.8 million in 2021 to US 45.3 million in 2022, and loss from continuing operations in 2021 and 2022 were US 103.4 million and US 76.4 million, respectively. Financial Overview Revenue We derive substantially all of our revenues from SaaS subscription services, advertising services, and other related services. We recognize our revenues over the life of the SaaS subscriptions and net of business taxes or value added tax, as applicable. Timing of revenue recognition may differ from the timing of invoicing to customers. Deferred revenue mainly consists of payments received from customers related to unsatisfied performance obligations for SaaS subscription services and advertising services. Our total deferred revenue was US 2.6 million and US 4.3 million as of December 31, 2021 and 2022, respectively, most of which is expected to be recognized as revenue within one year. The following table sets forth the principal components of our revenues. 

For the Years Ended December 31, 2021 2022 (In thousands of US Chime Subscription services 16,612 22,816 Advertising services 2,026 1,884 Other services 15 Subtotal 18,653 24,700 Trucker Path Subscription services 11,194 17,982 Advertising services 1,906 2,325 Other services 44 631 Subtotal 13,144 20,938 Other Operations Other services 422 170 Total revenues 32,219 45,808 SaaS Revenue Our subscription revenues are derived primarily from platform services provided by Chime and Trucker Path. Our revenues from advertising services are derived primarily of lead generation, point-of-interest, and banner advertising services provided by Chime and Trucker Path. Other Services Our revenues from other services consist primarily of dispatching revenue from the Trucker Path segment and revenues from non-recurring equipment sales. Cost of Revenues Cost of revenues consists primarily of cloud hosting services, merchant fees, and print services. The cost of revenues in 2021 and 2022 was US 6.8 million and US 10.4 million, respectively. 
 43 

Table of Contents 
 Operating Expenses Our operating expenses consist primarily of selling and marketing expenses, research and development expenses, and general and administrative expenses. The following table sets forth our operating expenses for continuing operations, both as dollar amounts and as percentages of our total revenues, for the periods indicated. 

Years ended December 31, 2021 2022 (in thousands of US , except for percentages) US US Operating expenses: Selling and marketing 13,998 43.4 19,624 42.8 Research and development 10,721 33.3 16,187 35.3 General and administrative 20,130 62.5 14,788 32.3 Impairment of intangible asset 962 2.1 Total operating expenses 44,849 139.2 51,561 112.5 Our selling and marketing expenses, research and development expenses, and general and administrative expenses include share-based compensation expenses. Selling and marketing expenses Selling and marketing expenses consist primarily of salaries, benefits and commissions for our sales and marketing personnel, online advertising, and other advertising and promotion expenses. Our selling and marketing expenses may increase in the near term if we increase our headcount or promotion expenses for our SaaS businesses. Research and development expenses Research and development expenses consist primarily of salaries and benefits for research and development personnel. Our research and development expenses may increase in the near term on an absolute basis as we intend to hire additional research and development personnel to develop new features for our various SaaS services, invest in new SaaS products and services, improve the customer experience, and further improve our technology infrastructure. General and administrative expenses General and administrative expenses consist primarily of salaries and benefits for our general and administrative personnel, fees and expenses for third-party professional services. Our general and administrative expenses may increase in the future on an absolute basis as our SaaS businesses grow. Discontinued Operations On June 25, 2021, we completed the deconsolidation of Kaixin Auto Holdings Kaixin through Kaixin s reverse acquisition of Haitaoche Limited Haitaoche ), in which Kaixin issued an aggregate of 74,035,502 ordinary shares to acquire 100 of the share capital of Haitaoche. We refer to this transaction as the Haitaoche Acquisition throughout this annual report. Following the Haitaoche Acquisition, we owned less than 50 of Kaixin s total outstanding ordinary shares and lost control of Kaixin. Following the Haitaoche Acquisition, the management of Haitaoche became the management of Kaixin and obtained the right to elect a majority of Kaixin s board of directors. Haitaoche was not a related party of our company before the Haitaoche Acquisition. Under GAAP, loss of control of a subsidiary is deemed to have occurred when, among other things, a parent company owns less than a majority of the outstanding common stock of the subsidiary, and is unable to unilaterally control the subsidiary through other means such as having the ability or being able to obtain the ability to elect a majority of the subsidiary s board of directors. We determined that all of those loss of control factors were present with respect to Kaixin on June 25, 2021. Accordingly, we deconsolidated Kaixin s financial statements and results of operations from ours, effective June 25, 2021, in accordance with ASC 810-10-40-4(c), Consolidation. 
 44 

Table of Contents 
 For periods on and after June 25, 2021, we are accounting for our retained noncontrolling investment in Kaixin as an equity investment. We held approximately 32.8 million ordinary shares of Kaixin, or approximately 19.2 of Kaixin outstanding ordinary shares as of December 31, 2021 and thus became a related party of Kaixin. In connection with the deconsolidation of Kaixin and in accordance with ASC 810, we recorded a gain on deconsolidation of US 123.7 million related to the remeasurement of our retained noncontrolling interest in 33.3 of Kaixin ordinary shares from cost to fair value based on the share price as of June 25, 2021. The gain is included in the income from discontinued operation, net of tax, in the consolidated statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021. Kaixin s results of operations for the period from January 1, 2021 through June 24, 2021, the date immediately preceding the deconsolidation of Kaixin, are included in the consolidated results of operations as net gain/loss from the discontinued operations, net of nil taxes, for those respective periods, after intercompany eliminations, as applicable. The deconsolidation of Kaixin has allowed us to concentrate our operations and management attention on our SaaS businesses which have higher gross margins and require much less investment in physical infrastructure to achieve growth. Change in Accounting Method for Kaixin Investment As of June 30, 2022, the Company determined that the investment in Kaixin Auto Holdings (NASDAQ: KXIN) Kaixin should be accounted for as equity investment with readily determinable fair value, a change in accounting from the equity method. This determination is substantiated by the decrease in ownership to 16.6 compared to 19.2 as of December 31, 2021 and the resignation of Renren s representative from Kaixin s Board of Directors which, combined, result in a lack of significant influence in Kaixin. As a result of the change in accounting methodology and because the fair value of Kaixin shares is readily determinable since the shares are listed and quoted on the Nasdaq Capital Market (NASDAQ: KXIN), the Company recognized a 10.4 million unrealized loss as a fair value adjustment to the investment in Kaixin. The Company recognized its share of loss of 12.0 million from Kaixin under the equity method prior to the change in accounting method. 
 45 

Table of Contents 
 Results of Operations Comparison of the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 The following table sets forth a summary of our consolidated results of operations for the years indicated. 

Years ended December 31, 2021 2022 (in thousands of US Revenues SaaS revenue 31,849 45,309 Other services 370 499 Total revenues 32,219 45,808 Cost of revenues: SaaS business 6,826 10,036 Other services 13 374 Total cost of revenues 6,839 10,410 Gross profit 25,380 35,398 Operating expenses: Selling and marketing 13,998 19,624 Research and development 10,721 16,187 General and administrative 20,130 14,788 Impairment of intangible asset 962 Total operating expenses 44,849 51,561 Loss from operations (19,469) (16,163) Other income 792 3,169 Gain from fair value change of contingent consideration 1,115 Loss from fair value change of a long-term investment (10,422) Impairment of equity investments without readily determinable fair values (1,526) (44,474) Provision of restricted cash (9,284) (50) Provision of amount due from the deconsolidated subsidiary (3,943) Interest income 238 602 Interest expenses (51) (25) Loss related to contingent liability settlement (13,246) Total other expenses, net (25,905) (51,200) Loss before provision of income tax and loss in equity method investments and noncontrolling interest, net of tax (45,374) (67,363) Income tax benefits 969 2,342 Loss before loss in equity method investments and noncontrolling interest, net of tax (44,405) (65,021) Loss in equity method investments, net of tax (59,001) (11,397) Loss from continuing operations (103,406) (76,418) Our business has evolved rapidly in recent years. We believe that historical period-to-period comparisons of our results of operations may not be indicative of future performance. Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared with Year Ended December 31, 2021 Except where specified otherwise, the following commentary compares results for the year ended December 31, 2022 to results for the corresponding period in 2021, excluding those of Kaixin. Effective June 25, 2021, Kaixin was deconsolidated, and from June 25, 2021 to June 30, 2022, we accounted for our retained noncontrolling investment in Kaixin as an equity method investment as we were deemed to have the ability to exercise significant influence over Kaixin s operating and financial policies through our voting interest, and right to designate a board member. On June 30, 2022, our equity interest in Kaixin decreased to 16.6 and our representative resigned from Kaixin s Board of Directors, which combined resulted in a lack of significant influence in Kaixin and thus, our investment in Kaixin was accounted for as equity investments with readily determinable fair value, a change in accounting the equity method. 
 46 

Table of Contents 
 Revenues Our revenues increased by 42.2 from US 32.2 million in 2021 to US 45.8 million in 2022. This increase was primarily due to the increase in revenue from our SaaS businesses. Subscription Services . Our revenue from subscription services increased by 46.7 from US 27.8 million in 2021 to US 40.8 million in 2022. The increase was primarily due to the expansion of our SaaS businesses. The Company s paying subscriptions as of December 31, 2022 for Chime and Trucker Path increased to 3,600 and 91,000, by 34 and 30 , respectively, compared to December 31, 2021. Purchased seats for Chime, defined as eligible users on a paid subscription, increased to 29,000 as of December 31, 2022 from 20,000 as of December 31, 2021. Advertising Services. Our revenue from advertising services slightly increased by 7.0 from US 4.0 million in 2021 to US 4.2 million in 2022. 
 Cost of revenues Our cost of revenues increased by 52.2 from US 6.8 million in 2021 to US 10.4 million in 2022. This increase was primarily due to the increase of software expenses directly related to the generation of revenue and cloud hosting services to provide a better user experience and grow the SaaS businesses. Operating expenses Our operating expenses increased by 15.0 from US 44.8 million in 2021 to US 51.6 million in 2022, primarily due to business expansion. Selling and marketing. Our selling and marketing expenses increased by 40.2 from US 14.0 million in 2021 to US 19.6 million in 2022. This increase was primarily due to the increase of marketing and promotion fees and the increase in selling, marketing, and customer service headcount and personnel related expenses for our SaaS solutions. Research and development. Our research and development expenses increased by 51.0 from US 10.7 million in 2021 to US 16.2 million in 2022. This increase was primarily due to an increase in our research and development headcount. General and administrative. Our general and administrative expenses decreased by 26.5 from US 20.1 million in 2021 to US 14.8 million in 2022. The decrease was primarily due to lower share-based compensation expense and a decrease in legal fees related to the settlement of Renren shareholder derivative lawsuits, offset by higher personnel related expenses due to increased headcount. Impairment of intangible asset. Our impairment of intangible asset increased from nil in 2021 to US 1.0 million in 2022. The impairment loss in 2022 was due to the impairment of intangible assets of SaaS Logistics US, Inc. 
 Other income We had other income of US 3.2 million in 2022, compared with other income of US 0.8 million in 2021. The fluctuation was mainly due to the accrued expenses written off due to the disposal of subsidiaries and Paycheck Protection Program (PPP) loan proceeds received by Chime and Trucker Path. Interest income Our interest income was US 0.6 million in 2022, compared with US 0.2 million in 2021. Our interest income in 2022 was primarily interest from the short-term investments managed by Silicon Valley Bank with a variable return, while interest income in 2021 was primarily interest from note issued to us by Oak Pacific Investment in the OPI Transaction. 
 47 

Table of Contents 
 Interest expenses Our interest expense was US 0.03 million in 2022, compared with US 0.05 million in 2021. The interest expense in 2021 and 2022 was primarily due to interest on loans that we borrowed from commercial banks. The fluctuation was mainly due to the decrease in the loan balance. Loss from fair value change of a long-term investment Our loss from fair value change of a long-term investment was US 10.4 million in 2022, compared with nil in 2021. The loss from fair value change of a long-term investment represents the unrealized loss from reduction in ordinary share price of Kaixin from June 30, 2022 to December 31, 2022. On June 30, 2022, our equity interest in Kaixin decreased to 16.6 and we our representative resigned from Kaixin s Board of Directors, which resulted in a lack of significant influence in Kaixin. Thus, from June 30, 2022, the investment in Kaixin s ordinary shares were accounted for as an equity investment with readily determinable fair value, a change in accounting from the equity method. We evaluate the change of fair value of Kaixin s ordinary shares at each period end. Impairment of equity investments without readily determinable fair values Our impairment of equity investments without readily determinable fair values was US 44.5 million in 2022, compared with US 1.5 million in 2021. The impairment loss in 2022 was due to the impairment of Infinities of US 40.0 million and impairment of preferred shares of Kaixin of US 4.5 million. The net balance of equity investments without readily determinable fair values after the impairments is US 0.7 million as of December 31, 2022. Segment Operations The Company is engaged in providing B2B SaaS platforms and services to customers primarily located in the United States. The Company s operations are conducted in two reportable segments: Chime and Trucker Path. The Company defines its segments as those operations whose results the chief operating decision maker CODM regularly reviews to analyze performance and allocate resources. The Chime segment includes the Company s all-in-one real estate sales acceleration and client lifecycle management platform. The Trucker Path segment includes the Company s driver-centric online transportation management platform. The Company measures the results of its segments using, among other measures, each segment s revenue and cost of sales. Revenue from Chime and Trucker Path for the year ended December 31, 2022 was US 24.7 million and US 20.9 million, respectively. Cost of revenues for Chime and Trucker Path for the year ended December 31, 2022 was US 3.6 million and US 6.7 million, respectively. Liquidity and Capital Resources Cash Flows and Working Capital The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that we will continue as a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and the settlement of liabilities in the normal course of business. As of December 31, 2022, we had net current assets (current assets less current liabilities) of US 29.2 million, and an accumulated deficit of US 695.6 million. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we incurred loss from continuing operations amounting to US 76.4 million and negative cash flows from continuing operating activities of US 3.8 million. Our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent on our ability to generate cash flows from operations, and to make adequate financing arrangements. We had cash and cash equivalents of US 28.0 million, excluding restricted cash, and short-term investments of 24.0 million as of December 31, 2022. The cash reserve is expected to meet our operating needs for at least the next twelve months from the date of this annual report. However, if negative cash flow from operating activities persists in the long run, our cash resources may become insufficient to satisfy on-going cash requirements. Cash and short-term investments are held at multiple financial institutions. We have diversified our holding banks to reduce the impact of bank failures, such as Silicon Valley Bank SVB ), on our uninsured deposits and to facilitate international operations. On March 10, 2023, we had a banking relationship with SVB. As of the closure of SVB on March 10, 2023, we held approximately 9.4 million in cash and cash equivalents at SVB, which represented approximately 19 of our total cash, cash equivalents and 
 48 

Table of Contents 
 investments as of that date. SVB also managed approximately 33 million short-term investments which were held in custody for us at U.S. Bank. SVB was closed on March 10, 2023 by the California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation, which appointed the FDIC as receiver. On March 12, 2023, the U.S. Treasury, Federal Reserve, and FDIC announced that SVB depositors will have access to all of their money starting March 13, 2023. On March 13, 2023, we were able to access all 9.4 million in cash and cash equivalents held at SVB. Except for customary liquidity restrictions inherent to short-term investments, our access to investment accounts held in custody by U.S. Bank was never restricted. While we have not experienced any losses in such accounts, the recent failure of SVB exposed a portion of our cash and cash equivalents to significant credit risk prior to the completion by the FDIC of the resolution that fully protected all SVB depositors. We are in the process of transferring our accounts to one or more alternate depository institutions, the financial position of which management believes does not expose our company to significant credit risk or jeopardizes our liquidity. Where possible, we will also continue to hold our excess cash in short-term investments and money market accounts to further limit exposure. Our material cash uses included investments in short-term government and agency securities, investment in adding product features and growing our enterprise presence in Chime, Chime s entry into property management SaaS services, and in research and development to add features to Trucker Path to allow us to extend the services offered to drivers and to serve the needs of other industry participants including brokers, fleets, and dispatchers. We issued a standby letter of credit to the benefit of East West Bank that guarantees Kaixin and its Subsidiary s payment of approximately US 9.3 million to East West Bank, which is an uncollateralized guarantee carried over from our deconsolidation of Kaixin and fully reserved. As of the date of this annual report, approximately 5.8 million had been claimed under our standby letter of credit in connection with the Kaixin Subsidiary default of certain guaranteed loan. The Company believes the other Kaixin loan guaranteed by the standby letter of credit will go default in the foreseeable future, and as a result, East West Bank may seize our cash deposits pledged as security under the standby letter of credit, which amounted to US 9.2 million as of December 31, 2022, and/or demand reimbursement from us. The following table sets forth a summary of our cash flows for the periods indicated: 

Years ended December 31, 2021 2022 (in thousands of US Net cash used in operating activities from continuing operations (18,978) (3,822) Net cash provided by operating activities from discontinuing operations 870 Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities from continuing operations 58,038 (33,481) Net cash used in financing activities from continuing operations (11,176) (1,454) Net cash provided by financing activities from discontinuing operations 267 Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents from continuing operations 27,884 (38,757) Net increase in cash and cash equivalents from discontinued operations 1,137 Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash at the beginning of the year from continuing operations 34,087 65,247 Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash at the beginning of the year from discontinued operations 3,162 Effect of exchange rate changes from continuing operations (1,023) 1,470 Effect of exchange rate changes from discontinued operations Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of year from continuing operations 65,247 27,960 Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of year from discontinued operations Operating Activities Net cash used in operating activities from continuing operations amounted to US 3.8 million in 2022, compared to net loss from continuing operations of US 76.4 million. The principal change in operating assets and liabilities accounting for the difference between our net loss and our net cash used in operating activities in 2022 was a decrease in income tax payable of US 3.4 million, and partially offset by a decrease in prepaid expenses and other current assets of US 2.9 million, an increase in deferred revenue of US 1.7 million. The principal adjustments to reconcile our net loss to our net cash used in operating activities was impairment on and earnings (loss) in equity method investments of US 11.4 million, share-based compensation expenses of US 4.0 million, impairment on long-term investment without readily determinable fair values of US 44.5 million, and fair value change on long-term investment of US 10.4 million. Net cash used in operating activities from continuing operations amounted to US 19.0 million in 2021, compared to net loss from continuing operations of US 103.4 million. The principal change in operating assets and liabilities accounting for the difference between our net loss and our net cash used in operating activities in 2021 was an increase in prepaid expenses and other current assets of US 4.1 million, an increase in accounts receivable of US 1.1 million, an increase in amount due from subsidiary held for sale of US 1.6 million, 
 49 

Table of Contents 
 and partially offset by the increase in deferred revenue and accrued expenses and other current liabilities of US 3.7 million. The principal adjustments to reconcile our net loss to our net cash used in operating activities was impairment on and (loss) earnings in equity method investments of US 59.0 million, loss related to contingent liability settlement of US 13.2 million, share-based compensation expenses of US 8.5 million and the provision for amount due from a deconsolidated subsidiary of US 3.9 million. Investing Activities Net cash used in investing activities from continuing operations amounted to US 33.5 million in 2022, due mainly to, purchase of short-term investments of US 24.0 million, purchases of equipment and property of US 5.5 million, purchases of intangible assets of US 2.1 million and payment for acquisition of subsidiaries, net of cash acquired, of US1.8 million. Net cash provided by investing activities from continuing operations amounted to US 58.0 million in 2021, due mainly to proceeds of US 68.0 million from repayment of the note issued by OPI, partially offset by payments to purchase preferred shares of Kaixin of US 6.0 million and net cash outflow from deconsolidation of Kaixin of US 4.3 million. Financing Activities Net cash used in financing activities from continuing operations was US 1.5 million in 2022, due mainly to repayment of borrowings of US 1.6 million. Net cash used in financing activities from continuing operations was US 11.2 million in 2021, due mainly to repayment of borrowings of US 11.5 million. Contractual Obligations The following table sets forth our contractual obligations from the continuing operations including interest payment, if applicable, as of December 31, 2022: 

Less than 1 Payment Due by Period Total year 1-3 years 4-5 years More than 5 years (in thousands of US Operating lease obligations (1) 301 301 Total 301 301 

 Notes: (1) We lease facilities and offices under non-cancelable operating lease agreements.
 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements We issued a standby letter of credit to the benefit of East West Bank that guarantees the Kaixin and its Subsidiary s payment of approximately US 9.3 million to East West Bank, which is an uncollateralized guarantee carried over from our deconsolidation of Kaixin and fully reserved. East West Bank declared the Kaixin Subsidiary default on March 17, 2023 for principal of approximately 5.8 million plus accrued interest and penalty costs. The Company believes the other Kaixin loan guaranteed by the standby letter of credit will go default in the foreseeable future. There is a prominent risk that our cash deposits of US 9.2 million as of December 31, 2022 pledged as security under the standby letter of credit will be seized by East West Bank. Except for this standby letter of credit, we have not entered into any financial guarantees or other commitments to guarantee the payment obligations of any third parties. We do not have any retained or contingent interest in assets transferred to an unconsolidated entity that serves as credit, liquidity or market risk support to such entity. We do not have any variable interest in any unconsolidated entity that provides financing, liquidity, market risk or credit support to us or engages in leasing, hedging or research and development services with us. Capital Expenditures We made capital expenditures of US 0.1 million and US 7.6 million in 2021 and 2022, respectively. Our capital expenditures in 2022 were primarily used for construction of our corporate headquarters in Phoenix, Arizona and acquisition of the Lofty domain name for use with our Chime business. The depreciation on capital expenditures incurred for our corporate headquarters will commence after 
 50 

Table of Contents 
 completion of construction, expected to be the first quarter of 2023. Capital expenditures in 2021 were primarily used to purchase servers and other equipment for our business. Our Holding Company Structure and Contractual Arrangements with Qianxiang Tiancheng Please refer to Item 1. Business Organizational Structure Contractual Arrangements with Qianxiang Tiancheng. Financial Information relating to the VIE Set forth below are the condensed consolidating schedule showing the financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the Parent, Non-VIE Subsidiaries and the VIE and its subsidiaries, eliminating adjustments and consolidated totals (in thousands of US as of and for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022. In the tables below, the column headings correspond to the following entities: Parent refers to Renren Inc., our Cayman Islands holding company; Non-VIE Subsidiaries refer to the sum of (i) Qianxiang Shiji Technology Development (Beijing) Co., Ltd., our wholly-owned PRC subsidiary, and other subsidiaries of Renren Inc; and VIE and its subsidiaries refer to the sum of (i) Qianxiang Tiancheng Technology Development Co., Ltd., (ii) Qianxiang Wangjing Technology Development Co., Ltd., and (iii) Shandong Jieying Huaqi Automobile Service Co., Ltd. Selected Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations Data 

For the year ended December 31, 2021 For the year ended December 31, 2022 VIE and its Non-VIE VIE and its Non-VIE subsidiaries Subsidiaries Inter-company Group subsidiaries Subsidiaries Inter-company Group Parent Consolidated Consolidated elimination Consolidation Parent Consolidated Consolidated elimination Consolidation (In thousands of US (In thousands of US Revenue 10,654 33,745 (12,180) 32,219 107 63,533 (17,832) 45,808 Cost of revenue 13 6,826 6,839 2 10,398 10 10,410 Gross profit 10,641 26,919 (12,180) 25,380 105 53,135 (17,842) 35,398 Operating expenses 14,394 12,121 39,788 (21,454) 44,849 6,582 16,189 45,925 (17,135) 51,561 Loss from operations (14,394) (1,480) (12,869) 9,274 (19,469) (6,582) (16,084) 7,210 (707) (16,163) Share of loss from subsidiaries (17,128) 17,128 616,369 (616,369) Net income (loss) 13,663 1,434 (22,856) 17,124 9,365 (75,244) (53,045) 88,351 (36,480) (76,418) Less: net income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interests 10 (4,308) (4,298) (1,174) (1,174) Net income (loss) attributable to Renren s shareholders 13,663 1,424 (18,548) 17,124 13,663 (75,244) (53,045) 88,351 (35,306) (75,244) 
 51 

Table of Contents 
 Selected Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets Data 

As of December 31, 2021 As of December 31, 2022 VIE and its Non-VIE VIE and its Non-VIE Parent subsidiaries Subsidiaries Inter-company Group Parent subsidiaries Subsidiaries Inter-company Group Company Consolidated Consolidated elimination Consolidation Company Consolidated Consolidated elimination Consolidation (In thousands of US (In thousands of US Amount due from Non-VIE Subsidiaries 520,436 44,386 (564,822) 529,466 46,486 (575,952) Amount due from VIE and its subsidiaries 297,448 (297,448) 8,208 272,954 (281,162) Amount due from Parent 33,393 16,486 (49,879) 31,000 16,640 (47,640) Total current assets 481,435 20,725 91,306 (519,209) 74,257 478,772 3,244 106,723 (530,569) 58,170 Total non-current assets 36,594 46,339 322,896 (309,911) 95,918 19 5,840 403,947 (373,268) 36,538 Total assets 518,029 67,064 414,202 (829,120) 170,175 478,791 9,084 510,670 (903,837) 94,708 Amount due to VIE and its subsidiaries 33,393 44,386 (77,779) 41,024 46,486 (87,510) Amount due to Non-VIE Subsidiaries 16,486 297,448 (313,934) 16,640 272,954 (289,594) Amount due to Parent 520,436 (520,436) 529,466 (529,466) Total current liabilities 1,732 11,857 19,297 214 33,100 1,825 10,630 32,765 (16,278) 28,942 Deficit of Investments in VIEs and its subsidiaries and Non-VIE Subsidiaries 366,660 (366,660) 397,312 (397,312) Total non-current liabilities 366,660 278 (366,875) 63 397,312 88 (397,400) Total liabilities 368,392 11,857 19,575 (366,661) 33,163 399,137 10,630 32,853 (413,678) 28,942 Selected Condensed Consolidated Cash Flows Data 

For the year ended December 31, 2021 For the year ended December 31, 2022 VIE and its Non-VIE VIE and its Non-VIE subsidiaries Subsidiaries Inter-company Group subsidiaries Subsidiaries Inter-company Group Parent Consolidated Consolidated elimination Consolidation Parent Consolidated Consolidated elimination Consolidation (In thousands of US (In thousands of US Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities (50,323) 971 30,374 (18,978) 146 (1,170) (2,798) (3,822) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 61,985 454 (74,812) 70,411 58,038 (49,386) 15,906 (33,480) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities (11,176) 74,710 (74,710) (11,176) 190 14,262 (15,906) (1,454) Effect of exchange rate changes (1,023) (1,023) 1,469 1,469 Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 486 1,425 29,249 (4,299) 26,861 336 (1,170) (36,453) (37,287) We expect that the financial position, results of operations, and cash flows generated by the VIE and its subsidiaries will constitute an immaterial portion of our consolidated financial information for the foreseeable future. Accordingly, we believe the risks associated with the contractual arrangement with Qianxiang Tiancheng and its shareholders, if materialized, would not result in a material change in our financial position, results of operations, prospects or the value of the ADSs. Cash and Asset Flows through Our Organization The VIE and its subsidiaries generate revenue from Renren, Inc. and its subsidiaries by providing research and development as well as general and administrative services. The VIE and its subsidiaries are paid each month for services rendered. In addition, the VIE and its subsidiaries provide general and administrative as well as back-office services to OPI and receive payment for these services. Except for the foregoing, the VIE and its subsidiaries do not receive cash or revenue from any other sources or third parties. As a holding company, our ability to pay dividends and other cash distributions to our shareholders depends partly upon dividends and other distributions paid to us by our PRC subsidiaries. The amount of dividends paid by each of our PRC subsidiaries to us depends solely on the service and license fees paid to Qianxiang Shiji by Qianxiang Tiancheng with which it has contractual arrangements. Under PRC law, all of our PRC subsidiaries and the VIE and its subsidiaries in China are required to set aside at least 10 of their respective 
 52 

Table of Contents 
 after-tax profits each year, if any, to fund a statutory reserve until such reserve reaches 50 of their respective registered capital. Although the statutory reserves can be used, among other ways, to increase the registered capital and eliminate future losses in excess of retained earnings of the respective companies, the reserve funds are not distributable as cash dividends except in the event of liquidation. Our PRC subsidiaries are permitted to pay dividends to us only out of their respective retained earnings, if any, as determined in accordance with PRC accounting standards and regulations. Pursuant to the contractual arrangements between Qianxiang Shiji and Qianxiang Tiancheng and its shareholders, Qianxiang Tiancheng s earnings and cash (including dividends received from its subsidiaries) are used to pay service and license fees in Renminbi to Qianxiang Shiji, in the manner and amount set forth in these agreements. After paying the withholding taxes applicable to Qianxiang Shiji s revenues and earnings, making appropriations for its statutory reserve requirements and retaining any profits from accumulated profits, the remaining net profits of Qianxiang Shiji would be available for distribution to us by the offshore holding companies through which we own Qianxiang Shiji, although we have not, and do not have, any present plan to make such distributions. As of December 31, 2022, the negative net assets of Qianxiang Shiji and the VIE and its subsidiaries, which were restricted due to statutory reserve requirements and other applicable laws and regulations and thus not available for distribution, amounted to US 251.3 million in the aggregate. We do not believe that these restrictions on the distribution of our net assets will have a significant impact on our ability to meet our financial obligations in the future. Furthermore, cash transfers from our PRC subsidiaries to our subsidiaries outside of China are subject to PRC government control of currency conversion. Restrictions on the availability of foreign currency may affect the ability of our PRC subsidiaries and the VIE and its subsidiaries to remit sufficient foreign currency to pay dividends or other payments to us, or otherwise satisfy their foreign currency denominated obligations. The condensed consolidating table below quantified the transfer between Renren Inc., its Non-VIE subsidiaries, VIE and its subsidiaries for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022, respectively. These transfers were only for the purpose of providing working capital between Renren Inc., its Non-VIE subsidiaries, VIE and its subsidiaries. No dividend or distribution was made. 

For the year ended December 31, 2021 For the year ended December 31, 2022 To To VIE and its To Non-VIE VIE and its To Non-VIE subsidiaries Subsidiaries subsidiaries Subsidiaries To Renren Inc. Consolidated Consolidated To Renren Inc. Consolidated Consolidated (In thousands of US Transfer from Renren Inc. 41,270 4,000 VIE and its subsidiaries 1,738 Non-VIE Subsidiaries 605 31,096 188 11,718 Research and Development, Patents, and Licenses, etc. Research and Development Our research and development efforts focus on developing and improving the scalability, features and functions of our SaaS services, including the compilation and use of data to increase automation of our services and enhance the customer experience. We have a large team of 323 engineers and developers as of December 31, 2022, accounting for 53 of our employees as of that date. Most of our engineers and developers are based at our subsidiary office in Beijing, China. Our research and development personnel support all areas of our business, mainly focusing on the improvement and enhancement of our SaaS businesses, Chime and Trucker Path. Our research and development personnel also focus on enhancing the user experience through commonly used user interfaces, including mobile apps, and ensuring our products are fully compatible with the latest mobile operating systems such as iOS, Android, and Windows. In 2023, with the acquisition of Rentancy by Chime, we expect to increasingly invest in developing Chime products to serve property managers and landlords. We periodically shift the priorities of our R D personnel to ensure we continually develop new products and services to extend our customer reach and meet the needs of our user base and customers. Our research and development expenses primarily include salaries and benefits for our research and development personnel. We incurred US 10.7 million and US 16.2 million of research and development expenses in 2021 and 2022, respectively. 
 53 

Table of Contents 
 Intellectual Property Our intellectual property includes trademarks and trademark applications related to our brands and services, copyrights in software, trade secrets, patent applications and other intellectual property rights and licenses. We seek to protect our intellectual property assets and brand through a combination of monitoring and enforcement of trademark, patent, copyright and trade secret protection laws in the US, PRC, and other jurisdictions, as well as through confidentiality agreements and procedures. We have been granted 11 patents. In addition, we maintain 32 copyright registrations, all of which are computer software copyright registrations as of December 31, 2022. Our employees sign confidentiality and non-compete agreements when hired. Trend Information Other than as disclosed elsewhere in this annual report, we are not aware of any trends, uncertainties, demands, commitments or events for the year ended December 31, 2022 that are reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on our revenues, income, profitability, liquidity or capital resources, or that would cause the disclosed financial information to be not necessarily indicative of future operating results or financial conditions. Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, which require us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities as of the date of the financial statements, the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods and the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying footnotes. Out of our significant accounting policies, which are described in Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies of our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Form 10-K, certain accounting policies are deemed critical, as they require management s highest degree of judgment, estimates and assumptions, including (i) revenue recognition; (ii) long-term investment - without readily determinable fair values and equity method; (iii) Share based compensation, and (iv) fair value change of contingent consideration. While management believes its judgments, estimates and assumptions are reasonable, they are based on information presently available and actual results may differ significantly from those estimates under different assumptions and conditions. We believe that the following critical accounting estimates involve the most significant judgments used in the preparation of our financial statements. Allowance for doubtful accounts and provision for restricted cash and receivables related to Kaixin Accounts receivable represents those receivables derived in the ordinary course of business. An allowance for doubtful accounts is provided based on aging analyses of accounts receivable balances, historical bad debt rates, repayment patterns and customer credit worthiness. No allowances for doubtful receivables were recorded as of December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we recorded a full provision for restricted cash, which is the security for debt borrowing in the amount of US 9.3 million of Kaixin under an irrevocable standby letter of credit issued by East West Bank, in the amount of US 9.3 million because we do not expect Kaixin could repay the loans or the guarantee deposit could be collectible in the foreseeable future. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we also recorded a provision for the amount due from Kaixin in the amount of 3.7 million because we do not expect Kaixin could repay the loan in the foreseeable future. Such estimate has not been changed in year 2022. Valuation and recognition of share-based compensation arrangements Share-based payment transactions with employees, such as share options, are measured based on the grant date fair value of the equity instrument. We recognize the compensation costs, net of estimated forfeitures, using the straight-line method over the applicable vesting period. The estimate of forfeitures will be adjusted over the requisite service period to the extent that actual forfeitures differ, or are expected to differ, from such estimates. Changes in estimated forfeitures will be recognized through a cumulative catch-up adjustment in the period of change and will also impact the amount of stock compensation expense to be recognized in future periods. Share options granted to employees with market conditions attached are measured at fair value on the grant date and are recognized as the compensation costs over the estimated requisite service period, regardless of whether the market condition has been met. 
 54 

Table of Contents 
 A change in any of the terms or conditions of share options is accounted for as a modification of stock options. We calculate the incremental compensation cost of a modification as the excess of the fair value of the modified option over the fair value of the original option immediately before its terms are modified, measured based on the share price and other pertinent factors at the modification date. For vested options, we recognize incremental compensation cost in the period the modification occurred. For unvested options, we recognize, over the remaining requisite service period, the sum of the incremental compensation cost and the remaining unrecognized compensation cost for the original award on the modification date. On November 4, 2021, our subsidiaries, Chime Technologies, Inc. and Trucker Path, Inc. approved the adoption of their 2021 stock incentive plans, whereby 5,000,000 ordinary shares of Chime 2021 Chime Plan and 5,000,000 ordinary shares of Trucker Path 2021 Trucker Path Plan are made available for future grant for employees or consultants of Chime and Trucker Path, respectively, either in the form of incentive share options or restricted shares. The 2021 Chime Plan and 2021 Trucker Path were retrospectively modified to reflect a 1:200 reverse split which reduced the total ordinary shares for each plan to 25,000. Aside reducing the plan shares and the share value accordingly to reflect the 1:200 reverse stock split, the reverse split had no impact on the financial statements of the company or the fair value of the grants. During 2022, Chime granted an aggregate of 19,726 options under 2021 Chime Plan to certain of its directors, officers and employees as compensation for their services. The weighted average grant-date fair value of the share options granted during the year ended December 31, 2022 was 34.00 per option with an expected weighted-average vesting period of 2.93 years. During 2022, Trucker Path granted an aggregate of 18,070 options under the 2021 Trucker Path Plan to certain of its directors, officers and employees to compensate their services. The weighted-average grant-date fair value of the share options granted during the year ended December 31, 2022 was 66.00 per option with an expected weighted-average vesting period of 2.98 years. In determining the fair value of share options under the Plans of Chime and Trucker Path, a binomial option pricing model was applied. Assumptions used to estimate the fair values of the share options granted or modified include the risk-free interest rate, volatility, expected term, and exercise price. Expected volatility was determined by calculating the historical volatility of the share prices of comparable companies over the previous four years. Risk-free interest rate was estimated based on the yield to maturity of treasury bonds of the United States with a maturity period close to the expected life of the options. During the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022, we recorded share-based payment expenses of 8.5 million and 4.0 million, respectively. The fair value of restricted shares of the Company granted equals the closing market price of the ordinary shares as of the grant date. Provision of income tax and valuation allowance for deferred tax asset Current income taxes are provided for in accordance with the laws of the relevant tax authorities. Deferred income taxes are recognized when temporary differences exist between the tax basis of assets and liabilities and their reported amounts in the financial statements and are recorded as non-current in the consolidated balance sheet. Net operating loss carry forwards and credits are applied using enacted statutory tax rates applicable to future years. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when, in the opinion of management, it is more-likely-than-not that a portion of or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The amount of valuation allowances was 46.0 million and 43.9 million as of December 31, 2021 and 2022, respectively. The impact of an uncertain income tax position on the income tax return is recognized at the largest amount that is more-likely-than-not to be sustained upon audit by the relevant tax authority. An uncertain income tax position will not be recognized if it has less than a 50 likelihood of being sustained. Interest and penalties on income taxes will be classified as a component of the provisions for income taxes. We did not recognize any income tax due to uncertain tax position or incur any interest and penalties related to potential underpaid income tax expenses for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022. Contingent consideration Where the consideration in an acquisition includes contingent consideration and the payment of which depends on the achievement of certain specified conditions post-acquisition, the contingent consideration is recognized and measured at its fair value at the 
 55 

Table of Contents 
 acquisition date and if recorded as a liability, it is subsequently carried at fair value with changes in fair value reflected in earnings. If the classification of the contingent consideration changes as a result of events during the period, the contingent consideration is reclassified as of the date of the event that causes the reclassification. If the contingent consideration is reclassified from a liability to equity, gains or losses recorded to account for the arrangement at fair value during the period in which it was classified as a liability is not reversed. Fair value change gain of 1.1 million and nil was recorded in our consolidated statements of operations for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022, respectively. Impairment of long-term investments Equity method investments We regularly evaluate the impairment of the equity investment based on performance and the financial position of the investee as well as other evidence of market value. Such evaluation includes, but is not limited to, reviewing the investee s cash position, recent financings, projected and historical financial performance, cash flow forecasts, and financing needs. An impairment charge is recorded when the carrying amount of the investment exceeds its fair value and this condition is determined to be other-than-temporary impaired OTTI ). We did not record any impairment losses on equity method investments in the consolidated statements of operations for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022. Equity Investments without Readily Determinable Fair Values We recorded impairment losses of 1.5 million and 44.5 million on equity securities without readily determinable fair values during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022, respectively. The 44.5 million impairment loss for the year ended December 31, 2022, consisted of 40.0 million full impairment in the investment of Infinities as a result of adverse change in the government regulatory, economic and technological environment, the continuing worsened general market condition of both the geographic area and the industry in which the investees operate, and negative financial trends within the Infinities for which the management considered to be other-than-temporary. An additional 4.5 million impairment was recorded due to reduction in the fair value of the investment in preferred shares of Kaixin as there were indicators of impairment during the year 2022 with the operation and financial situation of Kaixin deteriorating, the Company recorded an impairment to reduce the preferred share to 3 million. And based on further assessment as of December 31, 2022 and subsequent events including default of the Kaixin Subsidiary, we have fully impaired the preferred share as of December 31, 2022. ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK As a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide information typically disclosed under this item. ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA Our audited consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 are incorporated herein from pages F-1 to F-41 at the end of this Annual Report and the supplementary data is not applicable. ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE None. ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Our management, with the participation of our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Rule 13a-15 under the Exchange Act, as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in by the SEC s rules and forms, and that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the 
 56 

Table of Contents 
 Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on this evaluation, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective, due to the two material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting as described below. Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act, for our company. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of a company s assets, (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that a company s receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of a company s management and directors, and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of a company s assets that could have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements. Due to its inherent limitations, a system of internal control over financial reporting can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to consolidated financial statement preparation and presentation, and may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies and procedures may deteriorate. As required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and related rules as promulgated by the SEC, our management assessed the effectiveness of our company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2021, using criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. During the year ended December 31, 2021, our management identified two material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, which remain unremediated as of December 31, 2022, as follows: Lack of an integrated and systematic risk assessment process to identify and assess the financial reporting risks; and Lack of evaluations to ascertain whether the components of internal control are present and functioning. 
 As a result of these material weaknesses and based on the evaluation described above, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of December 31, 2022. Notwithstanding these material weaknesses, however, our management has concluded that the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report present fairly, in all material respects, our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented in conformity with U.S. GAAP. Management s Remediation Plans and Actions To remediate the material weaknesses described above in Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting, we are implementing the plan and measures described below and we will continue to evaluate and, may in the future, implement additional measures. We will carry out the following remediation measures: We have recruited personnel with the requisite knowledge in accounting and disclosure requirements for complex transactions under U.S. GAAP and statutory compliance. Where needed, we have engaged external parties with the expertise for complex or evolving areas such as public company filings, taxation, and valuation services. We have designed a control environment which allows management to monitor effectiveness of internal controls over financial reporting and are addressing gaps identified within the environment. We have implemented a consolidated general ledger within a single enterprise resource planning application for all legal entities, which includes consolidation and statutory reporting capabilities. 
 57 

Table of Contents 
 We have recently replaced audit committee members with sufficient accounting and reporting experience and knowledge, and will design and implement risk assessment policies and procedures to identify and assess internal and external risks relating to financial reporting on a regular basis. The Board and Audit Committee will oversee implementation of such policies and procedures. We will design and implement evaluation policies and procedures to ascertain internal control components are present and functioning. 
 We believe that we are taking the steps necessary for remediation of the material weaknesses identified above, and we will continue to monitor the effectiveness of these steps and to make any changes that our management deems appropriate. Attestation Report of the Registered Public Accounting Firm This Annual Report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm due to the company s non-accelerated filer status which provides an exemption. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting Other than as described above, there were no other changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the year ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected or are reasonable likely to materially affect our internal control over financial reporting. Limitations on the Effectiveness of Controls and Procedures Our management, including our chief executive officer and our chief financial officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or internal control over financial reporting will prevent or detect all errors and all fraud. A control system cannot provide absolute assurance due to its inherent limitations; it is a process that involves human diligence and compliance and is subject to lapses in judgment and breakdowns resulting from human failures. A control system also can be circumvented by collusion or improper management override. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of such limitations, disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting cannot prevent or detect all misstatements, whether unintentional errors or fraud. However, these inherent limitations are known features of the financial reporting process, therefore, it is possible to design into the process safeguards to reduce, though not eliminate, this risk. ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION None. ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTION THAT PREVENTS INSPECTIONS Not applicable. 
 58 

Table of Contents 
 PART III ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE The information required by this item will be included in the Company s definitive proxy statement, in connection with the solicitation of proxies for the Company s 2023 annual general meeting of shareholders (the 2023 Proxy Statement ), and is incorporated herein by reference. Code of Ethics The Company has adopted the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to all officers, directors, and employees. The Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is available on the Company s website at www.renren-inc.com/en. If the Company ever were to amend or waive any provision of its Code of Ethics that applies to the Company s principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or any person performing similar functions, the Company intends to satisfy its disclosure obligations, if any, with respect to any such waiver or amendment by posting such information on its website set forth above rather than by filing a Current Report on Form 8-K. ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION The information required by this Item will be included in the 2023 Proxy Statement, and is incorporated herein by reference. ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS The required this Item will be included in the 2023 Proxy Statement, and is incorporated herein by reference. ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE The information required by this Item will be included in the 2023 Proxy Statement, and is incorporated herein by reference. ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES The following table summarizes the aggregate fees billed to the Company by its independent registered public accounting firm, Marcum Asia CPAs LLP, for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

2022 2021 (In thousands of US Audit fees (1) 355.0 311.0 Audit-related fees (2) Tax fees All other fees Total 355.0 311.0 

 Notes: (1) Audit fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of the consolidated annual financial statements of the Company, review of the interim condensed consolidated financial statements included in quarterly reports, and services that are normally provided by Marcum Asia CPAs LLP in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements. (2) Audit-related fees consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of the consolidated financial statements of the Company and are not reported under Audit fees. For the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, these fees primarily related to miscellaneous professional services. 

 59 

Table of Contents 
 In considering the nature of the services provided by Marcum Asia CPAs LLP, the audit committee determined that such services were compatible with the provision of independent audit services. The audit committee discussed these services with Marcum Asia CPAs LLP and management to determine that they were permitted under the rules and regulations concerning auditor independence promulgated by the SEC to implement the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as well as the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board. The audit committee requires that all services performed by Marcum Asia CPAs LLP be pre-approved prior to the services being performed. During the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, all services were pre-approved in accordance with these procedures. 
 60 

Table of Contents 
 PART IV ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES (a) List the following documents filed as a part of the report: (1) Financial statements 
 The response to this portion of Item 15 is set forth under Item 8 above. (2) Financial statement schedule. 
 All schedules have been omitted because they are not required or because the required information is given in the financial statements or notes thereto set forth under Item 8 above. (3) Exhibits 
 A list of exhibits filed with this Annual Report or incorporated herein by reference can be found in the Exhibit Index below. EXHIBIT INDEX Exhibit Incorporated by Reference Filed/ Furnished Number Exhibit Description Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date Herewith 3.1 Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Registrant F-1 333-173548 3.2 4/15/2011 4.1 Specimen American D epositary Receipt of the Registrant F-1 333-173548 4.1 4/15/2011 4.2 Specimen Class A Ordinary Share Certificate of the Registrant F-1 333-173548 4.2 4/15/2011 4.3 Deposit Agreement, dated as of May 4, 2011, by and among the Registrant, Citibank, N.A., as depositary, and the holders of the American Depositary Receipts S-8 333-177366 4.3 10/18/2011 4.4 Amended and Restated Investors Rights Agreement between the Registrant and other parties therein, dated as of April 4, 2008, as amended F-1 333-173548 4.6 4/15/2011 4.5 Description of Registrant s Securities 20-F 001-35147 2.6 7/7/2020 10.1# Renren Inc. 2006 Equity Incentive Plan F-1 333-173548 10.1 4/15/2011 10.2# Renren Inc. 2008 Equity Incentive Plan F-1 333-173548 10.2 4/15/2011 10.3# Renren Inc. 2009 Equity Incentive Plan F-1 333-173548 10.3 4/15/2011 10.4# Renren Inc. 2011 Share Incentive Plan S-8 333-209734 10.1 2/26/2016 10.5# Renren Inc. 2016 Share Incentive Plan S-8 333-209734 10.2 2/26/2016 10.6# Renren Inc. 2018 Share Incentive Plan S-8 333-227886 10.1 10/19/2018 10.7# Renren Inc. 2021 Share Incentive Plan 6-K 001-35147 99.2 11/4/2021 
 61 

Table of Contents 
 Exhibit Incorporated by Reference Filed/ Furnished Number Exhibit Description Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date Herewith 10.8# Renren Inc. Form of Share Option Award Agreement 10.9# Renren Inc. Form of Restricted Share Unit Award Agreement 10.10# Chime Technologies, Inc. 2020 Equity Incentive Plan 10.11# Chime Technologies, Inc. 2021 Equity Incentive Plan 10.12# Chime Technologies, Inc. Form of Stock Option Award Agreement 10.13# Chime Technologies, Inc. Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement 10.14# Trucker Path, Inc. 2020 Equity Incentive Plan 10.15# Trucker Path, Inc. 2021 Equity Incentive Plan 10.16# Trucker Path, Inc. Form of Stock Option Award Agreement 10.17# Trucker Path, Inc. Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement 10.18# Form of Indemnification Agreement between the Registrant and its directors and officers F-1 333-173548 10.5 4/15/2011 10.19# Employment Agreement between Renren Inc. and Joseph Chen, dated December 31, 2022 10.20# Employment Agreement between Qianxiang Shiji Technology Development (Beijing) Co., Ltd. and James Jian Liu, dated January 1, 2015 (English Translation) 10.21# Employment Agreement between Renren Inc. and Chris Palmer, dated August 10, 2021 10.22# Employment Agreement between Beijing Qianxiang Wangjing Technology Development Co., Ltd. and He Li, dated April 3, 2019 (English Translation) 10.23 Business Operations Agreement, dated as of December 23, 2010, between Qianxiang Shiji, Qianxiang Tiancheng and the shareholders of Qianxiang Tiancheng F-1 333-173548 10.7 4/15/2011 
 62 

Table of Contents 
 Exhibit Incorporated by Reference Filed/ Furnished Number Exhibit Description Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date Herewith 10.24 Amended and Restated Equity Option Agreements, dated as of December 23, 2010, between Qianxiang Shiji and the shareholders of Qianxiang Tiancheng F-1 333-173548 10.8 4/15/2011 10.25 Amended and Restated Equity Interest Pledge Agreements, dated as of December 23, 2010, between Qianxiang Shiji and the shareholders of Qianxiang Tiancheng F-1 333-173548 10.9 4/15/2011 10.26 Power of Attorney, dated as of December 23, 2010, by the shareholders of Qianxiang Tiancheng F-1 333-173548 10.10 4/15/2011 10.27 Amended and Restated Exclusive Technical Service Agreement, dated as of December 23, 2010, between Qianxiang Shiji and Qianxiang Tiancheng F-1 333-173548 10.13 4/15/2011 10.28 Amended and Restated Intellectual Property Right License Agreement, dated as of December 23, 2010, between Qianxiang Shiji and Qianxiang Tiancheng F-1 333-173548 10.14 4/15/2011 10.29 Spousal Consents, dated as of December 23, 2010, by the shareholders of Qianxiang Tiancheng F-1 333-173548 10.11 4/15/2011 10.30 Amended and Restated Loan Agreements, dated as of December 23, 2010, between Qianxiang Shiji and the shareholders of Qianxiang Tiancheng F-1 333-173548 10.12 4/15/2011 10.31 Automobile Consumer Loan Cooperation (Framework) Agreement between Ping An Bank Co., Ltd. Shanghai Branch and Shanghai Jieying Automobile Sales Co., Ltd., dated April 17, 2017 20-F 001-35147 4.71 5/15/2019 10.32 Supplementary Agreement of Auto Consumer Loan Cooperation (Framework) Agreement between Ping An Bank Co., Ltd. Shanghai Branch and Shanghai Jieying Automobile Sales Co., Ltd., dated June 1, 2017 20-F 001-35147 4.72 5/15/2019 10.33 Master Transaction Agreement among the Registrant, CM Seven Star Acquisition Corporation and Kaixin Auto Group, dated April 30, 2018 20-F 001-35147 4.73 5/15/2019 10.34 Non-Competition Agreement between the Registrant and Kaixin Auto Group, dated April 30, 2018 20-F 001-35147 4.74 5/15/2019 
 63 

Table of Contents 
 Exhibit Incorporated by Reference Filed/ Furnished Number Exhibit Description Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date Herewith 10.35 Transitional Services Agreement between the Registrant and Kaixin Auto Group, dated April 30, 2018 20-F 001-35147 4.75 5/15/2019 10.36 Investor Rights Agreement among CM Seven Star Acquisition Corporation, Shareholder Value Fund and the Registrant, dated April 30, 2019 8-K 001-38261 10.27 5/6/2019 10.37 Escrow Agreement concerning earnout shares among the Registrant, CM Seven Star Acquisition Corporation and Vistra Corporate Services (HK) Limited, an escrow agent, dated April 30, 2019 8-K 001-38261 10.28 5/6/2019 10.38 Share Exchange Agreement dated November 2, 2018, by and among Kaixin Auto Group, the Registrant and CM Seven Star Acquisition Corp. 6-K 001-35147 99.1 11/6/2018 10.39 Convertible Loan Agreement dated January 28, 2019, by and among Kaixin Auto Group, the Registrant, CM Seven Star Acquisition Corp., and Kunlun Tech Limited 6-K 001-35147 99.2 1/29/2019 10.40 Power of Attorney, dated as of December 22, 2020, by the shareholders of Qianxiang Tiancheng 20-F 001-35147 4.26 5/27/2021 10.41 Share Purchase Agreement, dated December 31, 2020, among Kaixin Auto Holdings and shareholders of Haitaoche Limited 20-F 001-35147 4.27 5/27/2021 10.42 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated March 31, 2021, between the Registrant and Kaixin Auto Holdings 20-F 001-35147 4.28 5/27/2021 10.43 Stipulation of Settlement, dated October 7, 2021, entered into between and among the parties to In Re Renren, Inc. Derivative Litigation. 6-K 001-35147 99.2 10/8/2021 10.44 Software License Agreement between SaaS Logistics US, Inc. and Guangzhou Yupu Software Technology Co., Ltd. 6-K 001-35147 99.2 4/8/2022 10.45 Amendment to Stipulation of Settlement, dated May 27, 2022, by and among the parties to In Re Renren, Inc. Derivative Litigation 6-K 001-35147 99.2 5/27/2022 21.1 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 23.1 Consent of Marcum Asia CPAs LLP 
 64 

Table of Contents 
 Exhibit Incorporated by Reference Filed/ Furnished Number Exhibit Description Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date Herewith 23.2 Consent of Yuanhe Twelve Tables Partners 23.3 Consent of Maples and Calder (Hong Kong) LLP 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32.1 Certifications of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - this instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document and contained in Exhibit 101) 

 Filed herewith. Furnished herewith and not deemed to be filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Exchange Act, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act (whether made before or after the date of the Form 10-K), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. # Indicates management contract or compensatory plan, contract or arrangement. ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY None. 
 65 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this Annual Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized . Dated: March 31, 2023 

Renren Inc. By: /s/ Joseph Chen Joseph Chen Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) By: /s/ Chris Palmer Chris Palmer Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) POWER OF ATTORNEY KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Joseph Chen and Chris Palmer , jointly and severally, as his or her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him and in his name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Renren, Inc., and any or all amendments thereto, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite or necessary to be done in and about the premises hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or his, her or their substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this Annual Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature Title Date /s/ Joseph Chen Chief Executive Officer and Director March 31, 2023 Joseph Chen (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Chris Palmer Chief Financial Officer March 31, 2023 Chris Palmer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) /s/ James Liu Director March 31, 2023 James Liu /s/ James Dumler Director March 31, 2023 James Dumler /s/ James Reed Director March 31, 2023 James Reed /s/ Lin Cong Director March 31, 2023 Lin Cong 
 66 

Table of Contents 
 RENREN INC. INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2021 AND 2022 AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021 AND 2022 

PAGE(S) CONTENTS REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM (PCAOB ID F-2 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2021 AND 2022 F-4 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021 AND 2022 F-6 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS) INCOME FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021 AND 2022 F-9 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021 AND 2022 F-10 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021 AND 2022 F-11 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021 AND 2022 F-13 
 F-1 

Table of Contents 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM (PCAOB ID 5395) To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of Renren Inc. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Renren Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2021 and 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive (loss) income, changes in equity and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2021 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matters The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. Critical Audit Matter Description Impairment assessment of long-term investments Refer to Note 8 to the consolidated financial statements. The Company recorded an impairment on long-term investments of 44.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the impairment of long-term investments is a critical audit matter are (i) significant judgment and estimate with significant measurement uncertainty; (ii) extent of specialized skill or knowledge needed; (iii) significant audit effort was required in evaluating the impairment indicator including the overall market factors as well as investee financial performance and other negative factors, if any; and (iv) nature and complexity in assessing audit evidence. 
 F-2 

Table of Contents 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit Our audit procedures related to the impairment of long-term investments included the following, among others: understanding the nature of the investments and inspected the investment agreements and evaluating of the performance of the investees. Evaluated management s impairment assessment by obtaining and reviewing the underlying supporting documents and research for other indicators of impairment. /s/ We have served as the Company s auditor since 2020. March 31, 2023 
 F-3 

Table of Contents 
 RENREN INC. CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS DECEMBER 31, 2021 AND 2022 (In thousands of US dollars, except share data and per share data) 

As of December 31, 2021 2022 ASSETS Current assets Cash and cash equivalents Short-term investment Accounts receivable, net Prepaid expenses and other current assets, net Inventories Amounts due from related parties, net Total current assets Non-current assets Property and equipment, net Intangible assets, net Goodwill Long-term investments Right-of-use assets Other non-current assets Total non-current assets TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Current liabilities Accounts payable Short-term debt Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Operating lease liabilities - current Amounts due to related parties Deferred revenue Income tax payable Total current liabilities Non-current assets Operating lease liabilities - non-current Total non-current liabilities TOTAL LIABILITIES 
 F-4 

Table of Contents 

As of December 31, 2021 2022 Commitments and contingencies Shareholders equity Class A ordinary shares, par value, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2021 and 2022, respectively Class B ordinary shares, par value, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2021 and 2022, respectively; each Class B ordinary share is convertible into Class A ordinary share Additional paid in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Statutory reserves Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total Renren Inc. shareholders equity Non-controlling interest ) ) Total equity TOTAL LIABILITIES AND EQUITY The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-5 

Table of Contents 
 RENREN INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021 and 2022 (In thousands of US dollars, except share data and per share data) 

For the years ended December 31, 2021 2022 Revenues: SaaS revenue Other services Total revenues Cost of revenues: SaaS business Other services Total cost of revenues Gross profit Operating expenses Selling and marketing Research and development General and administrative Impairment of intangible assets Total operating expenses Loss from operations ) ) Other income, net Loss from fair value change of a long-term investment ) Gain from fair value change of contingent consideration Impairment of equity investments without readily determinable fair values ) ) Provision of restricted cash ) ) Provision of amount due from the deconsolidated subsidiary ) Interest income Interest expenses ) ) Loss related to contingent liability settlement ) Loss before provision of income tax and loss in equity method investments and noncontrolling interest, net of tax ) ) Income tax benefit Loss before loss in equity method investments and noncontrolling interest, net of tax ) ) Impairment on and earnings (loss) in equity method investments, net of tax ) ) Loss from continuing operations ) ) 
 F-6 

Table of Contents 
 RENREN INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS- continued FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021 and 2022 (In thousands of US dollars, except share data and per share data) 

For the years ended December 31, 2021 2022 Discontinued operations: Loss from the operations of the discontinued operations, net of tax expenses of for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022, respectively ) Gain on deconsolidation of subsidiary, net of tax of nil for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022, respectively Income from discontinued operations, net of tax expenses of for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022 Net income (loss) ) Net loss attributable to non-controlling interests ) ) Net loss from discontinued operations attributable to non-controlling interests ) Net loss from continuing operations attributable to Renren Inc. ) ) Net income from discontinued operations attributable to Renren Inc. Net income (loss) attributable to Renren Inc. ) 
 F-7 

Table of Contents 
 RENREN INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS- continued FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021 and 2022 (In thousands of US dollars, except share data and per share data) 

For the years ended December 31, 2021 2022 Net (loss) income per share: Net loss per share from continuing operations attributable to Renren Inc. shareholders: Basic and diluted Net income per share from discontinued operations attributable to Renren Inc. shareholders: Basic and diluted Net income (loss) per share attributable to Renren Inc. shareholders: Basic and diluted Weighted average number of shares used in calculating net (loss) income per share from continuing operations attributable to Renren Inc. shareholders: Basic and diluted Weighted average number of shares used in calculating net (loss) income per share from discontinued operations attributable to Renren Inc. shareholders: Basic and diluted 
 F-8 

Table of Contents 
 RENREN INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF - COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021 and 2022 (In thousands of US dollars, except share data and per share data) 

For the years ended December 31, 2021 2022 Net income (loss) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax Foreign currency translation, net of income taxes ) Net unrealized gain on available-for-sale investments, net of tax of nil for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022, respectively Other comprehensive (loss) income ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) Less: total comprehensive loss attributable to noncontrolling interest ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to Renren Inc. ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-9 

Table of Contents 
 RENREN INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021 and 2022 (In thousands of US dollars, except share data) 

Accumulated Class A Ordinary Class B Ordinary Additional other Non- shares shares paid-in Accumulated Statutory comprehensive Total Renren controlling Total Shares Amount Shares Amount capital deficit reserves income (loss) Inc. s Equity interest equity Balance as of December 31, 2020 ) ) Stock-based compensation Accretion of convertible redeemable preferred shares to redemption value ) ) ) ) Disposal of Kaixin ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) ) Restricted shares of subsidiaries issued to officer ) Exercise of share option and restricted shares vesting Net loss ) Balance as of December 31, 2021 ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Unrealized loss on short-term investments Other comprehensive loss ) Exercise of share option and restricted shares vesting Net loss ) ) ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 ) ) ) The accompanying notes are integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-10 

Table of Contents 
 RENREN INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021 and 2022 (In thousands of US dollars) 

For the years ended December 31, 2021 2022 Cash flows from operating activities: Net loss from continuing operations ) ) Net income from discontinued operations Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities of continuing operations: Share-based compensation expense Impairment on and earnings (loss) in equity method investments Reduction in the carrying amount of the right-of-use assets Depreciation and amortization Write-down of Inventory Impairment on long-term investment without readily determinable fair values Impairment on intangible asset Write-offs of prepaid expenses and other current assets Gain on settlement of accrued expenses and other current liabilities ) Provision for amount due from the deconsolidated subsidiary Consultant fee on security transfer Fair value change of contingent consideration ) Fair value change on long-term investment Loss related to contingent liability settlement Changes in operating assets and liabilities of continuing operations: Accounts receivable ) ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) Inventory Other non-current assets ) Accounts payable ) Amounts due from/to related parties ) Amount due from subsidiary held for sale ) Accrued expenses and other current liabilities ) Deferred revenue Operating lease liabilities ) ) Income tax payable ) ) Net cash used in operating activities from continuing operations ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities from discontinued operations Total cash used in operating activities ) ) 
 F-11 

Table of Contents 
 RENREN INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS continued FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021 and 2022 (In thousands of US dollars) 

For the years ended December 31, 2021 2022 Cash flows from investing activities of continuing operations: Payment for acquisition of subsidiaries, net of cash acquired ) Proceeds from repayment of the note issued by OPI Purchase of short-term investments ) Proceeds from sales of long-term investments Proceeds from disposal of equipment and property Purchases of equipment and property ) ) Purchases of intangible assets ) Purchases of preferred share ) Net cash outflow from deconsolidation of a subsidiary ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities from continuing operations ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities from discontinued operations Total cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) Cash flows from financing activities of continuing operations: Proceeds from exercise of share options Repayment of borrowings ) ) Net cash used in financing activities from continuing operations ) ) Net cash provided by financing activities from discontinued operations Total cash used in by financing activities ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash from continuing operations ) Net increase in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash from discontinued operations Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of year from continuing operations Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of year from discontinued operations Effect of exchange rate changes from continuing operations ) Effect of exchange rate changes from discontinued operations Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of year from continuing operations Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of year from discontinued operations Supplemental schedule of cash flows information from continuing operations: Interest paid Income taxes paid Supplemental schedule of cash flows information from discontinued operations: Interest paid Income taxes paid Schedule of non-cash activities from continuing operations: Obtaining right-of-use assets in exchange for operating lease liabilities Schedule of non-cash activities from discontinued operations: Obtaining right-of-use assets in exchange for operating lease liabilities Gain on deconsolidation of subsidiaries The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-12 

Table of Contents 
 RENREN INC. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021 and 2022 (In thousands of US dollars, except share data and per share data, or otherwise noted) SaaS businesses, Chime and Trucker Path. Chime offers an all-in-one real estate sales acceleration and client lifecycle management platform that allows real estate professionals to obtain leads, close transactions, and retain their clients. Trucker Path provides trip planning, navigation, freight sourcing, and a marketplace that offers truckers goods and services to operate their businesses. Our SaaS businesses currently generate of their revenue from the U.S. market and comprise the majority of our revenue. Prior to 2019, the Company primarily engaged in the business of used car trading through Kaixin Auto Holdings Kaixin ). During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company reached a resolution to dispose of Kaixin. Deconsolidation of Kaixin In December 2020, the Company approved the binding term sheet signed between Kaixin and Haitaoche Limited Haitaoche ). The binding term sheet sets forth the terms and conditions by which Haitaoche will merge with a newly formed wholly-owned subsidiary of Kaixin, with Haitaoche continuing as the surviving entity and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Kaixin (the Merger ). As consideration for the Merger, Kaixin issued a number of ordinary shares of Kaixin to the shareholders of Haitaoche (the Haitaoche Shareholders so that the Haitaoche Shareholders collectively held of Kaixin s share capital upon the closing of the Merger. The disposal of Kaixin represented a strategic shift and had a major effect on the Company s results of operations. Accordingly, assets, liabilities, revenues, expenses, and cash flows related to Kaixin have been reclassified in the accompanying consolidated financial statements as discontinued operations for relevant periods presented. The consolidated balance sheet consolidated statements of operations, statements of comprehensive income, and consolidated statements of cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2021 have been adjusted to reflect this change. On June 25, 2021, Kaixin completed the Merger with Haitaoche. Upon completion of the Merger, the Company s ownership interest in Kaixin decreased to from as of December 31, 2020. The Company deconsolidated the financial statements of Kaixin from its consolidated financial statements (the Kaixin Deconsolidation and, since June 25, 2021, the Company has accounted for its retained noncontrolling investment in Kaixin under the equity method of accounting. On June 30, 2022, the Company determined that the investment in Kaixin should be accounted for as equity investment with readily determinable fair value, a change in accounting from the equity method. This determination is substantiated by the decrease in ownership to compared to as of December 31, 2021 and the Company s representative resigned from Kaixin s Board of Directors which, combined, resulted in a lack of significant influence in Kaixin. Kaixin is a Cayman Islands company whose shares are listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market (NASDAQ: KXIN). Trucker Path, Inc. Trucker Path Lucrativ Inc. Renren Giantly Philippines Inc. March, 2018 Qianxiang Shiji Technology Development (Beijing) Co., Ltd. Qianxiang Shiji Variable Interest Entity: Beijing Qianxiang Tiancheng Technology Development Co., Ltd. Qianxiang Tiancheng N/A Subsidiaries of Variable Interest Entity: Beijing Qianxiang Wangjing Technology Development Co., Ltd. Qianxiang Wangjing N/A Shandong Jieying Huaqi Automobile Service Co., Ltd Shandong Jieying N/A 
 F- 13 

Table of Contents 
 The VIE arrangements PRC regulations currently limit direct foreign ownership of business entities providing value-added telecommunications services, online advertising services and internet services in the PRC where certain licenses are required for the provision of such services. Although the Company no longer operates businesses requiring the VIE, historically, the Company provided online advertising, Internet value-added services IVAS ), and internet finance services through its VIE. Qianxiang Tiancheng, which is referred to as the VIE . Qianxiang Shiji WFOE ), the Company s Wholly Foreign-Owned Enterprise, entered into a series of contractual arrangements with the VIE that enable the Company to (1) have power to direct the activities that most significantly affects the economic performance of the VIE, and (2) receive the economic benefits of the VIE that could be significant to the VIE. Accordingly, the WFOE is considered the primary beneficiary of the VIE and has consolidated the VIE s financial results of operations, assets and liabilities in the Company s consolidated financial statements. In making the conclusion that the Company is the primary beneficiary of the VIE, the Company believes the Company s rights under the terms of the exclusive option agreement and power of attorney are substantive given the substantive participating rights held by SB Pan Pacific Corporation as it relates to operating matters, which provide it with a substantive kick out right. More specifically, the Company believes the terms of the contractual agreements are valid, binding and enforceable under PRC laws and regulations currently in effect. In particular, the Company also believes that the minimum amount of consideration permitted by the applicable PRC law to exercise the exclusive option does not represent a financial barrier or disincentive for the Company to currently exercise its rights under the exclusive option agreement. A simple majority vote of the Company s board of directors is required to pass a resolution to exercise the Company s rights under the exclusive option agreement, for which the consent from Mr. Joe Chen, who holds the most voting interests in the Company and is also the Company s chairman and CEO, is not required. The Company s rights under the exclusive option agreement give the Company the power to control the shareholders of the VIE and thus the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the VIE s economic performance. In addition, the Company s rights under powers of attorney also reinforce the Company s abilities to direct the activities that most significantly impact the VIE s economic performance. The Company also believes that this ability to exercise control ensures that the VIE will continue to execute and renew service agreements that benefit the Company, currently largely comprised of Research and Development services to the Company s SaaS businesses.. By charging service fees at the sole discretion of the Company, and by ensuring that service agreements are executed and renewed indefinitely, the Company has the right to receive substantially all of the economic benefits from the VIE. The VIE and its subsidiaries hold the requisite licenses and permits necessary to conduct the Company s business in PRC under the current business arrangements. The contractual agreements below provide the Company with the power to direct the activities that most significantly affect the economic performance of the VIE and enable the Company to receive substantially all of economic benefits and absorb the losses of the VIE. (1) Power of Attorney: WFOE hold irrevocable power of attorney executed by the legal owners of the VIE to exercise their voting rights on, including but not limited to, dividend declaration and, all matters at meetings of the legal owners of the VIE. Further, through such power of attorney the Company has the right to control the operations of the VIE. The power of attorney for Qianxiang Tiancheng remained in force for ten years until December 22, 2020. The VIE agreements were extended for another ten years through December 22, 2030 and will automatically renew upon the extension of the terms of the relevant business operations agreements until the earlier of the following events: (i) nominee loses his/her position in Qianxiang Shiji or Qianxiang Shiji issue a written notice to dismiss or replace nominee; and (ii) the business operations agreements among Qianxiang Shiji, Qianxiang Tiancheng and Qianxiang Tiancheng s shareholders terminate or expire.
 (2) Business Operations Agreement: The business operations agreements specifically and explicitly grant WFOE the principal operating decision making rights, such as appointment of the directors and executive management, of the VIE.
 
 The terms of the business operations agreements for Qianxiang Tiancheng are and will be extended automatically for another ten years unless the WFOE provide a -day advance written notice to the VIE and to each of the VIE s shareholders requesting not to extend the term three months prior to the expiration dates of December 22, 2020. The agreements were extended for another ten years, through December 21, 2030. Neither the VIE nor any of the VIE s shareholders may terminate the agreements during the terms or the extensions of the terms. 
 F-14 

Table of Contents 
 -year agreement period.
 
 Without the WFOE s consent, the VIE s shareholders shall not transfer, donate, pledge, or otherwise dispose their equity shareholdings in the VIE in any way. The equity option agreement will remain in full force and effect until the earlier of: (i) the date on which all of the equity interests in the VIE have been acquired by the respective WFOE or its designated representative(s); or (ii) the receipt of the -day advance written termination notice issued by the respective WFOE to the shareholders of the VIE. The term of these agreements will be automatically renewed upon the extension of the term of the relevant exclusive equity option agreement. (4) Spousal Consent Agreement: The spouse of each of the shareholders of Qianxiang Tiancheng acknowledged that certain equity interests of Qianxiang Tiancheng held by and registered in the name of his/her spouse will be disposed of pursuant to the equity option agreements. These spouses understand that such equity interests are held by their respective spouse on behalf of Qianxiang Shiji, and they will not take any action to interfere with the disposition of such equity interests, including, without limitation, claiming that such equity interests constitute communal property of marriage.
 (5) Exclusive Technical and Consulting Services Agreement: The WFOE and registered shareholders irrevocably agree that the WFOE shall be the exclusive technology service provider to the VIE in return for a service fee which is determined at the sole discretion of the WFOE.
 
 The term of each agreement is ten years and extends automatically for another unless terminated by the WFOE. The WFOE can terminate the agreement at any time by providing a -day prior written notice. Qianxiang Tiancheng is not permitted to terminate the agreements prior to the expiration of the terms by December 21, 2030, unless the WFOE fails to comply with any of their obligations under this agreement and such breach makes the WFOE unable to continue to perform the agreements. (6) Intellectual Property License Agreement: The WFOE and registered shareholders agree that the WFOE shall have the exclusive right to license its intellectual property rights to the VIE in return for a license fee. The license fee is determined at the discretion of the Company. The term of these agreements will be automatically renewed upon the extension of the term of the relevant intellectual property license agreement.
 
 The term of the agreement will be extended for another five years with both parties consent. The WFOE may terminate the agreement at any time by providing a -day prior written notice. Any party may terminate the agreement immediately with written notice to the other party if the other party materially breaches the relevant agreement and fails to cure its breach within 30 days from the date it receives the written notice specifying its breach from the non-breaching party. The parties will review the agreement every three months and determine if any amendment is needed. (7) Loan Agreements: Under loan agreements between the WFOE and each of the shareholders of the VIE, the WFOE made interest-free loans to the shareholders exclusively for the purpose of the initial capitalization and the subsequent financial needs of the VIE. The loans can only be repaid with the proceeds derived from the sale of all of the equity interests in the VIE to the WFOE or their designated representatives pursuant to the equity option agreements. The term of each of these loans is from the actual drawing down of such loans by the shareholders of the VIE and will be automatically extended for another ten years unless a written notice to the contrary is given by the WFOE to the shareholders of the VIE three months prior to the expiration of the loan agreements.
 (8) Equity Interest Pledge Agreement: Shareholders of the VIE have pledged all of their equity interests in the VIE with their respective WFOE. The WFOE are entitled to certain rights to sell the pledged equity interests through auction or other means if the VIE or the shareholders default on their obligations under other above-stated agreements.
 
 The equity interest pledge is effective and will expire on the earlier of: (i) the date on which the VIE and their shareholders have fully performed their obligations under the loan agreements, the exclusive technical service agreement, the intellectual property right license agreement, and the equity option agreements; (ii) the enforcement of the pledge by the WFOE pursuant to the terms and conditions under this agreement to fully satisfy its rights under such agreements; or (iii) the completion of the transfer of all equity interests of the VIE by the shareholders of the VIE to another individual or legal entity designated by the WFOE pursuant to the equity option agreement and no equity interests of the VIE are held by such shareholders. 
 F-15 

Table of Contents 
 . Accounts receivable Prepaid expenses and other current assets Amounts due from related parties, net Total current assets Property and equipment, net Long-term investments Right-of-use assets Other non-current assets Total non-current assets Total assets Accounts payable Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Operating lease liabilities - current Payable to investors Amounts due to related parties Income tax payable Total current liabilities Total non-current liabilities Total liabilities 

Years ended December 31, 2021 2022 Revenues Income (Loss) from continuing operations ) 

Years ended December 31, 2021 2022 Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities ) Net cash provided by investing activities Net cash used in financing activities There are no consolidated VIE assets that are collateral for the VIE obligations and can only be used to settle the VIE obligations. There are no creditors (or beneficial interest holders) of the VIE that have recourse to the general credit of the Company or any of its consolidated subsidiaries. However, if the VIE ever need financial support, the Company or its subsidiaries may, at its option and subject to statutory limits and restrictions, provide financial support to its VIE through loans to the shareholders of the VIE or entrustment loans to the VIE. Relevant PRC laws and regulations restrict the VIE from transferring a portion of its net assets, equivalent to the balance of its statutory reserve and its share capital, to the Company in the form of loans and advances or cash dividends. Please refer to Note 19 for disclosure of restricted net assets. 
 F-16 

Table of Contents 
 and , and used cash of and in operating activities from continuing operations, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had cash and cash equivalents of , short-term investments of , and a working capital of . The Company assessed that it has the ability to continue as a going concern for the next 12 months following the issuance date of these financial statements. 
 F-17 

Table of Contents 
 and as of December 31, 2021 and 2022. The restricted cash balances represent cash deposits pledged as security for debt borrowing of Kaixin and its subsidiary Kaixin Subsidiary ), under an irrevocable standby letter of credit issued by East West Bank in the amount of . The guarantees mature in March 2023 and August 2023, the Company has concluded the possibility of the Kaixin and Kaixin Subsidiary repaying the loans when due is remote and therefore, the Company will be required to extend the guarantee or pay the debt on their behalf. The Company believes the guarantee will not be released in the foreseeable future. The Company has, therefore, recorded a full provision for the value of the guarantee. As of the date of this filing, there have been no payments made on the letter of credit by Kaixin or Kaixin Subsidiary. Less: Provision of restricted cash ) ) Restricted cash, net , and , respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022, the change in fair value of available-for-sale securities was recognized in other comprehensive income amounting to , and , respectively. 
 F-18 

Table of Contents 
 and .Other factors, such as representation on the investee s board of directors, voting rights, the impact of commercial arrangements, and the extent to which the Company guarantees the investee s obligations and is committed to provide additional funding are also considered in determining whether the equity method of accounting is appropriate. An investment in in-substance common stock is an investment in an entity that has risk and reward characteristics that are substantially similar to that entity s common stock. The Company considers subordination, risks and rewards of ownership, and the existence of obligations to transfer value when determining whether an investment in an entity is substantially similar to an investment in that entity s common stock. Under the equity method, the investment is initially recorded at cost and subsequently adjusted for the Company s share of undistributed earnings or losses of the investee. When the Company s carrying value in an equity method investee company is reduced to zero, no further losses are recorded in the Company s consolidated financial statements unless the Company guaranteed obligations of the affiliated company or has committed additional funding. When the affiliated company subsequently reports income, the Company will not record its share of such income until it exceeds the amount of its share of losses not previously recognized. The Company recorded impairment losses on equity method investments of , and in the impairment on and (loss) earnings in equity method investments, net of tax in the consolidated statements of operations for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022, respectively. Equity Investments with Readily Determinable Fair Values Equity investments with readily determinable fair values is investment in publicly-traded company for which the Company does not exercise significant influence and are measured at fair value based on the respective closing stock price at the period end date. Equity investments with readily determinable fair values are classified within Level 1 in the fair value hierarchy as the valuation can be obtained from real-time quotes in active markets. Subsequent changes in fair value are recognized in net gain (loss) on investments on the consolidated statements of operations. The Company recorded loss on fair value changes of long-term investments of and for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022, respectively. Equity Investments without Readily Determinable Fair Values In January 2018, the Company adopted Accounting Standards Update ASU 201601, Financial Instruments Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities, and accounts for equity investments that do not have a readily determinable fair value using the measurement alternative prescribed within ASU 201601, to the extent such investments are not subject to consolidation or the equity method. Under the measurement alternative, these financial instruments are carried at cost, less any impairment (assessed quarterly), plus or minus changes resulting from observable price changes in orderly transactions for an identical or similar investment of the same issuer. In addition, income is recognized when dividends are received only to the extent they are distributed from net accumulated earnings of the investee. Otherwise, such distributions are considered returns of investment and are recorded as a reduction of the cost of the investment. The Company recorded impairment losses of and on equity securities without readily determinable fair values during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022, respectively. 
 F-19 

Table of Contents 
 and , respectively. years Computer equipment and application software - years Furniture and vehicles - years Building 30 years Leasehold improvements Over the lesser of the lease term or useful life of the assets 
 F-20 

Table of Contents 
 impairment losses for long-lived assets or definite-lived intangible assets, and impairment of intangible assets for the year ended December 31, 2022. goodwill impairment for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022. 
 F-21 

Table of Contents 
 Advertising services Other services Trucker Path Subscription services Advertising services Other services Other Operations Other services Contract balances: Timing of revenue recognition may differ from the timing of invoicing to customers. Accounts receivable represent amounts invoiced and revenue recognized prior to invoicing when the Company has satisfied the Company s performance obligation and has the unconditional right to payment. There were no contract assets recorded as of December 31, 2021 and 2022. Deferred revenue mainly represents payments received from customers related to unsatisfied performance obligations for SaaS. The Company s total deferred revenue was and as of December 31, 2021 and 2022, which is substantially recognized as revenue within one year. The amount of revenue recognized during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022 that was previously included in the deferred revenue as of December 31, 2020 and 2021 was and , respectively. 
 F-22 

Table of Contents 
 t recognize any income tax due to uncertain tax position or incur any interest and penalties related to potential underpaid income tax expenses for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022. and , respectively. 
 F-23 

Table of Contents 
 and for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022, respectively. 
 F-24 

Table of Contents 
 and on December 31, 2021 and 2022, respectively, which were denominated in RMB. Concentration of credit risk Financial instruments that potentially expose the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, accounts receivable and amounts due from related parties. The Company maintains deposits in federally insured financial institutions in excess of federally insured limits. The Company is exposed to credit risk in the event of default by the financial institutions holding its cash and cash equivalents to the extent recorded in the balance sheets. While the Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts, the recent failure of Silicon Valley Bank (SVB), at which the Company held cash and cash equivalents in multiple accounts, exposed the Company to significant credit risk prior to the completion by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) of the resolution of SVB in a manner that fully protected all depositors. The Company is in the process of transferring its accounts to one or more alternate depository institutions, the financial position of which management believes does not expose the Company to significant credit risk. Where possible, the Company will also continue to hold its excess cash in short-term investments and money market accounts to further limit exposure. There were no customers that accounted for or more of total revenue for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022. No customers accounted for or more of the balance of accounts receivable as of December 31, 2021 and 2022. Amount due from Kaixin accounted for and of the balance of amount due from related party as of December 31, 2021 and 2022. The Company provided full provision of amount due from Kaixin for the year ended December 31, 2021 and 2022, as the Company concludes the possibility of Kaixin paying the loans is remote. equity interest of Rentancy from third parties for cash consideration of . The acquisition was accounted for as a business combination. Accordingly, the acquired assets and liabilities were recorded at their fair value at the date of acquisition. The purchase price allocation was based on a valuation analysis that utilized and considered generally accepted valuation methodologies such as the income and cost approach. The determination and allocation of fair values to the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed are based on various assumptions and valuation methodologies requiring considerable judgment from management. The most significant variables in these valuations are discount rates, terminal values, the number of years on which to base the cash flow projections, as well as the assumptions and estimates used to determine the cash inflows and outflows. The Company determined discount rates to be used based on the risk inherent in the acquired company s current business model and industry comparisons. Terminal values are based on the expected life of assets, stage in the company s life cycle, and forecast terminal growth rate. The table below presented the allocation of purchase price to the major classes of assets and liabilities acquired as of August 19, 2022: Total Current assets Property, plant and equipment, net Intangible assets Goodwill Current Liabilities ) 
 F-25 

Table of Contents) Total The net revenue and net loss of Rentancy since the acquisition date and that were included in the Company s consolidated statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 are and , respectively. Prior to the acquisition, Rentancy did not prepare its financial statements in accordance with US GAAP. The Company determined that the cost of reconstructing the financial statement of Rentancy for the periods prior to the acquisition outweighed the benefits. Based on an assessment of the financial performance and a comparison of Rentancy s and the Company s financial performance for the fiscal year prior to the acquisition, the Company did not consider on its own to be material to the Company. Thus the Company s management believes that the presentation of pro forma financial information with respect to the results of operations of the Company for the business combination is impractical. Assets from acquisition of Guangzhou Yupu Software Technology Co., Ltd. Guangzhou Yupu On April 6, 2022, for the purpose of entering into the full-service freight management business the Company acquired of certain assets of Guangzhou Yupu, a third party, for a cash consideration of . The acquisition was accounted for as an asset acquisition. Accordingly, the acquired assets and liabilities were based on the cost accumulation method. As of December 31, 2022, the Group made full impairment of of the indefinite-lived intangible assets acquired in the acquisition of Guangzhou Yupu due to the scalability of the asset in the highly competitive full-service freight management industry, the volatility in global economic policies, and the lack of interoperability with our existing platform services. Acquisition of Four Keys Logistics, LLC Four Keys On April 13, 2022, for the purpose of entering the full-service dispatch business for the trucking industry the Company acquired of certain assets of Four Keys from third parties for a cash consideration of . The acquisition was accounted for as a business combination. Accordingly, the acquired assets and liabilities were recorded at their fair value at the date of acquisition. The purchase price allocation was based on a valuation analysis that utilized and considered generally accepted valuation methodologies such as the income and cost approach. The table below presented the allocation of purchase price to the major classes of assets and liabilities acquired as of April 13, 2022: Intangible assets identified from the acquisition - Technology platform - Customer relationship Goodwill Current liabilities ) Total The net revenue and net loss of Four Keys since the acquisition date and that were included in the Company s consolidated statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 are and , respectively. The assets acquired and liabilities assumed and operations of Four Keys prior to the acquisition were not material. 
 F-26 

Table of Contents 
 Computer equipment and application software Server network equipment Furniture and vehicles Leasehold improvements Less: accumulated depreciation ) ) Property and equipment, net Depreciation expenses were and for the years ended December 31,2021 and 2022, respectively. Technology platform Customer relationships Computer software Trade name Intangible assets, gross Accumulated amortization ) ) Intangible assets, net Amortization expenses for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022 were and , respectively. The Company made impairment of intangible assets of and for the years ended December 2021 and 2022, respectively. The following schedule, by fiscal years, of amortization amount of intangible assets, excluding non-amortizable intangible assets, as of December 31, 2022: 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total ordinary shares to acquire of the share capital of Haitaoche. Following the Issuance, Renren owned less than of the Kaixin outstanding ordinary shares and lost control of Kaixin. The management of Haitaoche became the management of the post-merger Kaixin and obtained the right to elect a majority of Kaixin s board of directors. Accordingly, Renren deconsolidated Kaixin s financial statements, effective June 25, 2021, referred to as the Kaixin Deconsolidation . 
 F-27 

Table of Contents 
 which is included in gain on deconsolidation of subsidiaries, net of tax of , in the consolidated statements of operation as part of income from discontinued operations for the year ended December 31, 2021. On June 25, 2021, the Company calculated a gain regarding the deconsolidation of the Kaixin as follows. Preferred shares of Kaixin Carrying amount of noncontrolling interest in Kaixin Less: Net assets of Kaixin ) Gain on deconsolidation of Kaixin Upon completion of the Kaixin Deconsolidation, the Company s ownership interest in Kaixin from as of December 31, 2020 decreased to (Note 1). The Company accounts for its remaining equity interest in Kaixin under the equity method and have no plans to dispose of the investment within 12 months (Note 8). Accordingly, revenues and expenses and cash flows related to Kaixin have been reclassified in the consolidated financial statements as discontinued operations for the year ended December 31, 2021. As a result of the deconsolidation of Kaixin, the Company reevaluated its operating segments. Refer to Note 18. Fundrise, L.P. (ii) Other (iii) Total equity method investments Equity investment with readily determinable fair values Kaixin Auto Holdings (i) Equity investment without readily determinable fair values Infinites Technology (Cayman) Holding Limited (iv) Preferred shares of Kaixin Auto Holdings (v) Suzhou Youge Interconnection Venture Capital Center Total equity investments without readily determinable fair values Total long-term investments 

 (i) Upon completion of the Kaixin Deconsolidation, shares transfer related to the settlement of contingent liabilities (Note 15). As well transfer of million shares of Kaixin held by the Company on November 30, 2021 to CPL Yellow Stone Limited as a consultant s fee regarding the transfer of million shares in the escrow arrangement. The Company s equity interest in Kaixin decreased to as of December 31, 2021. The Company accounts for its equity interest in Kaixin under the equity method as it is deemed to have the ability to exercise significant influence over Kaixin s operating and financial policies through a combination of its voting interest, its right to designate a board member and intra-entity transactions it conducts with Kaixin. 
 The Company recognized its share of loss of from Kaixin for the year ended December 31, 2021. On June 30, 2022, the Company s equity interest in Kaixin decreased to and the resignation of the Company s representative from Kaixin s Board of Directors, which combined resulted in a lack of significant influence in Kaixin. Thus, from June 30, 2022, the investment in Kaixin should be accounted for as equity investment with readily determinable fair value, a change in accounting the equity method. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized a unrealized loss as a change of fair 
 F-28 

Table of Contents 
 from Kaixin under equity method in the year ended December 31, 2022 and recorded in Impairment on and earnings (loss) in equity method investments, net of tax in the consolidated statement of operations. (ii) In October 2014, the Company entered into an agreement to purchase limited partnership interest of Fundrise, L.P. for a total consideration of . The Company held equity interest as limited partner as of December 31, 2021 and 2022 and recognized its share of gain of and for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022, respectively. (iii) In May 2014, the Company entered into an agreement to purchase limited partnership interest of Beijing Fenghou Tianyuan Investment and Management Center L.P. for a total consideration of (RMB million). The Company held partnership interest as of December 31, 2021 and 2022 and recognized its share of gain of and for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022, respectively. (iv) The investment of Infinites Technology (Cayman) Holding Limited Infinites ), which is the holding company of Beijing Infinities, was acquired in connection with the disposition of the SNS business in 2018. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company made full impairment of the investment of Infinites as a result of adverse change in the government regulatory, economic and technological environment, the continuing worsened general market condition of both the geographic area and the industry in which the investees operate, and negative financial trends within the investee. (v) On March 31, 2021, the Company purchased a convertible preferred shares from Kaixin for a total consideration of . The Company recognized the preferred shares of Kaixin as an investment without readily determinable fair values. For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022, the Company respectively recorded and impairment loss of the preferred shares based on its fair value determined by management s consideration of the investee s negative financial trends and the Kaixin Subsidiary default on the standby letter of credit guaranteed by the Company. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has received in dividend income related to the Kaixin preferred shares. 
 Summarized Financial Data for Equity-Method Investment The Company s investment in Fundrise, L.P. is material in relation to its financial position. The financial statements information of Fundrise. L.P. as of and for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022 were summarized below: Noncurrent assets Current liabilities 

For the years ended December 31, 2021 2022 Revenue Income from operations Net income Net income attributable to the Company 
 F-29 

Table of Contents 
 Exchange difference Balance at December 31, 2021 Addition Exchange difference Balance at December 31, 2022 

 (i) In April 2020, the Company entered into a long-term Paycheck Protection Program (PPP) loan agreement with Silicon Valley Bank for . The loan bears an annual interest rate of and has a loan period of . The PPP loan was forgiven in 2022. Accrued professional fee and marketing expense Employee payroll and welfare Staff reimbursement Others Total . The operating lease cost and short-term lease cost for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022 were as follows: Research and development expenses General and administrative expenses Total operating lease cost Short-term lease cost Total lease cost The weighted average remaining lease term as of December 31, 2021 and 2022 was and years, and the weighted average discount rate of the operating leases was and . 
 F-30 

Table of Contents 
 2024 Total undiscounted lease payment Less: Imputed interest Present value of lease liabilities . The Company s subsidiaries incorporated in Hong Kong are subjected to Hong Kong profits tax. With effect from April 1, 2018, a two-tiered profits tax rate regime applies. The of corporate profits is , while the standard profits tax rate of remains for . In fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 and 2022, the Hong Kong subsidiary Renren Giantly Limited had immaterial assessable profits. Renren Giantly Philippines Inc was established in 2018 and incorporated in the Philippines, which is subject to enterprise income tax rate for the years ended December 31, 2020, and decreased to for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022 due to the epidemic. Renren Giantly Philippines Inc did not have taxable income and income tax expense was provided for in the fiscal years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022. The Chinese Enterprise Income Tax (EIT) Law includes a provision specifying that legal entities organized outside PRC will be considered residents for Chinese income tax purposes if their place of effective management or control is within the PRC. If legal entities organized outside PRC were to be considered residents for Chinese income tax purpose, they would become subject to the EIT Law on their worldwide income. This would cause any income from legal entities organized outside PRC to be subject to PRC s EIT. The EIT Law Implementation Rules provide that non-resident legal entities will be considered PRC residents if substantial and overall management and control over the manufacturing and business operations, personnel, accounting, properties, etc. reside within PRC. Despite the present uncertainties resulting from the limited PRC tax guidance on the issue, the Company does not believe that the legal entities organized outside the PRC should be characterized as PRC residents for EIT Law purposes. Under the EIT Law and its implementation rules which became effective on January 1, 2008, dividends generated after January 1, 2008 and payable by a foreign-invested enterprise in PRC to its foreign investors who are non-resident enterprises are subject to a withholding tax, unless any such foreign investor s jurisdiction of incorporation has a tax treaty with PRC that provides for a different withholding arrangement. The Cayman Islands, where the Company is incorporated, does not have a tax treaty with PRC. The Company s subsidiaries and VIE located in the PRC had aggregate accumulated deficits as of December 31, 2022. Accordingly, deferred tax liability had been accrued for the Chinese dividend withholding taxes as of December 31, 2022. The current and deferred component of income tax expenses which were attributable to the Company s PRC subsidiaries, VIE, and VIE s subsidiaries, are as follows: ) Deferred income tax expenses Total income tax benefit ) ) 
 F-31 

Table of Contents 
 The principal components of the deferred tax assets and liabilities are as follows: Write-down for inventory Allowance for prepaid expenses and other current assets Accrued payroll and welfare Provision of the restricted cash Provision of amount due from a related party Accrued liabilities Advertising fee Employee education fee Goodwill and intangible asset impairment Net operating loss carry forwards Total Deferred tax assets Less valuation allowance ) ) Deferred tax assets, net The roll forward of valuation allowances of deferred tax assets for the year ended December 31, 2022 were as follows: Addition ) Expiration of NOL Utilization of deferred tax assets Decrease relating to disposal of entities Foreign currency translation adjustments Balance as of end of year ) The Company operates through multiple subsidiaries, VIE, and the VIE s subsidiaries. The valuation allowance is considered on each entity an individual entity basis. The subsidiaries, VIE, and VIE s subsidiaries have total deferred tax assets related to net operating loss carry forwards of and as of December 31, 2021 and 2022, respectively. The Company assessed the available evidence to estimate if sufficient future taxable income would be generated to use the existing deferred tax assets. As of December 31, 2021 and 2022, valuation allowances were established because the Company believes that it is more likely than not that its deferred tax assets will not be realized as it does not expect to generate sufficient taxable income in the near future. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had net operating losses of from China and Philippines subsidiaries, which can be carried forward to offset future taxable profit. Net operating losses of , , , and will expire by 2023, 2024, 2025, 2026 and 2027 respectively, if not utilized. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had federal net operating loss of approximately and , respectively, and state net operating loss carryforwards of approximately and , respectively. The Company files state tax returns in Arizona, California and Utah. For the federal income tax, the net operating loss does not have an expiring date. For the state income tax, the net operating loss begins to expire starting in the year of 2038 for all the three states. Loss before provision for income tax is attributable to the following geographic locations for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022: ) Foreign ) ) Total loss before provision of income tax ) ) 
 F-32 

Table of Contents 
 A reconciliation of the income tax amount computed by applying the statutory federal income tax rate (21 in 2021 and 2022) to loss before the provision of income taxes and the actual provision for income taxes is as follows: ) Federal statutory income tax rate Income tax at statutory rate ) ) Taxable deemed interest income from inter-company interest-free loans ) ) Net operating loss not applicable for carryforward Non-deductible expenses Non-deductible expenses related to share-based compensation Non-taxable income from fair value change gain of contingent consideration ) Non-taxable loss from fair value loss of a long-term investment Non-taxable loss from losses related to contingent liability settlement Effect of income tax rate differences in jurisdictions other than the US Effects of Company cancellation ) Changes in valuation allowance Income tax benefit ) ) The Company is subject to taxation and files income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and many state and foreign jurisdictions. Tax years after 2017 for the U.S. federal jurisdiction and PRC subsidiaries, VIE, and VIE s subsidiaries remain subject to tax examination as of December 31, 2022, at the tax authority s discretion. and of Class A ordinary shares were issued due to the exercise of share options or vesting of restricted shares under share-based compensation. t transfer any assets or liabilities in or out of Level 3 during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022. Settlement of contingent consideration Pursuant to the equity purchase agreements entered between Kaixin and Kaixin s original dealers and after-sale service center operators prior to Kaixin s IPO in April 2019, Kaixin committed to make certain payments of its ordinary shares to such dealers and operators, subject to certain payment triggers including the operating performance of the dealerships and service centers and Kaixin 
 F-33 

Table of Contents 
 and from changes in fair value of the Contingent Consideration in the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022, respectively. On November 30, 2021, the Company transferred million shares in Kaixin it held, for consideration, to AUTOD2D, LTD, to fully settle the Contingent Consideration. With the transfer of the Kaixin shares, the Contingent Consideration with balance of was fully settled and a difference between the balance of the Contingent Consideration and carrying value of the million shares in Kaixin was recorded as a loss from settlement of the Contingent Consideration was recognized in the year ended December 31,2021. The following is a reconciliation of the beginning and ending balances for Contingent Consideration measured at fair value on a recurring basis using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) during the year ended December 31, 2021: Fair value change ) Settle with shares of Kaixin held by the Company ) Exchange difference Balance at December 31, 2021 Assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis The Company measures its property, equipment, intangible assets, and equity investment without readily determinable fair value at fair value on a nonrecurring basis whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may no longer be recoverable. The Company measures the purchase price allocation at fair value on a nonrecurring basis as of the acquisition dates. Goodwill is evaluated for impairment annually or more frequently if events or conditions indicate the carrying value of a reporting unit may be greater than its fair value. Impairment testing compares the carrying amount of the reporting unit with its fair value. 2016 Plan 2018 Plan 2021 Plan 
 F-34 

Table of Contents 
 The term of the options may not exceed from the date of the grant. The awards under the above plans are subject to vesting schedules ranging from immediately upon grant to subsequent to grant date. The Company did not grant any options under these plans for any periods presented. The following table summarizes information with respect to share options outstanding as of December 31, 2022: Exercised ) Forfeited ) Balance, December 31, 2022 Exercisable, December 31, 2022 Expected to vest, December 31, 2022 For employee stock options, the Company recorded share-based compensation from continuing operations of and for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022, respectively, based on the fair value on the grant dates or the modification date over the requisite service period of award using the straight-line method. For Renren stock plans, no share-based compensation was recognized from discontinued operations for any period presented. For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022, there was share-based compensation recorded for non-employee options. As of December 31, 2022, there was unrecognized share-based compensation expense relating to share options. Renren Nonvested restricted shares A summary of the nonvested restricted shares activity is as follows: Granted Vested (i) ) Forfeited ) Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 

F-35 

Table of Contents 
 The Company recorded compensation expenses based on the fair value of nonvested restricted shares on the grant dates over the requisite service period of award using the straight-line vesting attribution method. The fair value of the nonvested restricted shares on the grant date was the closing market price of the ordinary shares as of the date. The Company recorded compensation expenses related to nonvested restricted shares from continuing operations of and for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022, respectively. For Renren stock plan, no compensation expense from restricted shares was recognized in discontinued operations for any period presented. Total unrecognized compensation expense amounting to related to nonvested restricted shares granted as of December 31, 2022. The expense is expected to be recognized in continuing operations over a weighted-average period of years. Equity Incentive Plan of Chime Technologies, Inc. and Trucker Path, Inc. The following disclosure reflects the impact of a 1 :200 reverse stock split authorized during 2022. The reverse split has no impact on the financial statements of the company or equity of the plan companies. On July 13, 2020, Chime Technologies, Inc. and Trucker Path, Inc. adopted stock incentive plans, whereby affected for a 1 :200 reverse stock split, ordinary shares of Chime Technologies, Inc. 2020 Chime Plan and ordinary shares of Trucker Path, Inc. 2020 Trucker Path Plan are made available for future grant for employees or consultants of Chime and Trucker Path, respectively, either in the form of incentive share options or restricted shares. On November 4, 2021, Chime Technologies, Inc. and Trucker Path, Inc. approved the adoption of their 2021 stock incentive plans, whereby ordinary shares of Chime Technologies, Inc. 2021 Chime Plan and ordinary shares of Trucker Path, Inc. 2021 Trucker Path Plan are made available for future grant for employees or consultants of Chime and Trucker Path, respectively, either in the form of incentive share options or restricted shares. The term of the options may not exceed from the date of the grant. The awards under the above plans are subject to vesting schedules ranging from immediately upon grant to subsequent to grant date. During 2020, Chime issued an aggregate of options under the 2020 Chime Plan to certain of its directors, officers and employees as compensation for their services. The weighted-average grant-date fair value of the share options granted during the period presented was per option. During 2020, Trucker Path issued an aggregate of options under the 2020 Trucker Path Plan to certain of its directors, officers and employees to compensate their services. The weighted-average grant-date fair value of the share options granted during the period presented was per option. During 2022, Chime issued an aggregate of options under 2021 Chime Plan to certain of its directors, officers and employees as compensation for their services. The weighted average grant-date fair value of the share options granted during the period presented was per option. During 2022, Trucker Path issued an aggregate of options under the 2021 Trucker Path Plan to certain of its directors, officers and employees to compensate their services. The weighted-average grant-date fair value of the share options granted during the period presented was per option. 
 F-36 

Table of Contents 
 and , respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2021, and and , respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2022, based on the fair value on the grant dates over the requisite service period of award using the straight-line method. The Company did not have any compensation expenses from discontinued operations. As of December 31, 2022, there were and unrecognized share-based compensation expense relating to share options of Chime Plan and Trucker Path Plan, respectively. This amount is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average vesting period of and years for Chime Plan and Trucker Path Plan, respectively. In determining the fair value of share options, a binomial option pricing model is applied. Assumptions used to estimate the fair values of the share options granted or modified were as follows: Volatility (2) Expected term (in years) (3) Exercise price (4) Dividend yield (5) Fair value of underlying ordinary share (6) 

 (1) Risk-free interest rate 
 Risk-free interest rate was estimated based on the yield to maturity of treasury bonds of the United States with a maturity period close to the expected life of the options. (2) Volatility 
 The volatility of the underlying ordinary shares during the life of the options was estimated based on the historical stock price volatility of listed comparable companies over a period comparable to the expected term of the options. (3) Expected term 
 For the options granted to employees, the Company estimated the expected term based on the vesting and contractual terms and employee demographics. (4) Exercise price 
 The exercise price of the options was determined by the Company s board of directors. (5) Dividend yield 
 The dividend yield was estimated by the Company based on its expected dividend policy over the expected term of the options. (6) Fair value of underlying ordinary shares 
 The estimated fair value of the ordinary shares underlying the options as of the valuation date was determined based on a contemporaneous valuation. When estimating the fair value of the ordinary shares on the valuation dates, management has considered a number of factors, including the result of a third- party appraisal of the Company, while taking into account standard valuation methods and the achievement of certain events. The fair value of the ordinary shares in connection with the options granted on the valuation date was determined with the assistance of an independent third -party appraiser. 
 F-37 

Table of Contents 
 The following table summarizes information with respect to share options outstanding of Chime Plan as of December 31, 2022: and Granted Forfeited ) Balance, December 31, 2022 Exercisable, December 31, 2022 Expected to vest, December 31, 2022 The following table summarizes information with respect to share options outstanding of Trucker Path Plan as of December 31, 2022: and Granted Forfeited ) Balance, December 31, 2022 Exercisable, December 31, 2022 Expected to vest, December 31, 2022 On July 13, 2020, Chime and Trucker Path each granted restricted shares to an officer of Renren. The Company recorded compensation expenses of and related to the Chime Plan and Trucker Path Plan based on the fair value on the grant date respectively for the year ended December 31, 2020. The fair value of was determined with the assistance of an independent third -party appraiser. The restricted shares immediately vested but were not officially and legally issued on the grant date. On April 1, 2021, an officer had been officially and legally issued those authorized shares and Renren s shareholding percentage in Chime and Trucker Path both decreased from to , resulting in a non-controlling interest since April 1, 2021 in the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
 F-38 

Table of Contents 
 Research and development General and administrative Total share-based compensation expense There was income tax benefit recognized in the statements of operations for share-based compensation for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022. Amounts due from related parties As of December 31, 2021 and 2022 amounts due from related parties including both current and non-current were as follows: Less: bad debt provision ) ) Net amount due from Kaixin Infinities (ii) Beijing Oak Yi Xin Total 

 (i) The balances mainly represented the advances made to Kaixin daily operational purposes. The Company provided full bad debt provision for the year ended December 31, 2021, as the Company concluded the likelihood of the balance being recovered is remote. (ii) The balance represents the receivable from Infinities in connection with the disposition of the SNS business. In November 2018, the Company s Board of Directors approved a proposal for the sale of its SNS Business to Beijing Infinities for a combined consideration of in cash and in the form of Beijing Infinities shares to be issued to the Company. The Company collected in 2019, however, by December 31, 2019, Beijing Infinities failed to make payments under the agreed extended repayment plan. Based on assessment of the collectability, the Company provided an allowance of for the receivable. Additionally, the shares receivable in the form of Infinites Technology (Cayman) Holding Limited, which is the holding company of Beijing Infinities, were received as of December 31, 2020 and were recorded as long-term investments in the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2020. 
 
 F-39 

Table of Contents 
 Amounts due to related parties Beijing Oak Yi Xin Total Details of major related party transactions for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022 are as follows: The Company pledged its cash deposit of as security for debt borrowing of Kaixin under an irrevocable standby letter of credit issued by East West Bank in the amount of . The maturity dates of the debt borrowings for which the Company provided the security are March 2023 and August 2023, respectively. Based on the Company s assessment of the collectability, the Company recorded a provision of considering the amount would not be released as Kaixin has no plans to provide its own guarantee deposit to the bank for extending the loans, which cause the Company s cash deposit cannot be released by the bank in the foreseeable future. reportable segments: Chime, and Trucker Path. The Company defines its segments as those operations whose results the chief operating decision maker CODM regularly reviews to analyze performance and allocate resources. The Company sells similar platform services in each of its segments, it is impracticable to segregate and identify revenues for each of these individual products and services. The Chime segment includes the Company s all-in-one real estate sales acceleration and client lifecycle management platform. The Trucker Path segment includes the Company s driver-centric online transportation management platform. The Other Operations segment consists of other items not allocated to any of the Company s segments. The Company measures the results of its segments using, among other measures, each segment s revenue and cost of sales. Information for the Company s segments, as well as for Other Operations, is provided in the following table: Cost of sales Gross Margin Fiscal year Ended December 31, 2021 Revenue Cost of sales Gross Margin The majority of the Company s revenue for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022 was generated from the United States. As of December 31, 2021, substantially all of the long-lived assets of the Company were located in the PRC. As of December 31, 2022, the long-lived assets , and of the Company were located in the PRC, Philippines and United States, respectively. 
 F-40 

Table of Contents 
 of after-tax profit (as determined under accounting principles generally accepted in China at each year-end); the other fund appropriations are at the subsidiaries or the affiliated PRC entities discretion. These statutory reserve funds can only be used for specific purposes of enterprise expansion, staff bonus and welfare, and are not distributable as cash dividends except in the event of liquidation of the Company s subsidiaries, the Company s affiliated PRC entities and their respective subsidiaries. The Company s subsidiaries and VIE entities are required to allocate at least of their after-tax profits to the general reserve until such reserve has reached of their respective registered capital. As of December 31, 2021, none of the Company s PRC subsidiaries and VIE entities had a general reserve that reached the of their registered capital threshold, therefore they will continue to allocate at least of their after-tax profits to the general reserve fund. Appropriations to the enterprise expansion reserve and the staff welfare and bonus reserve are to be made at the discretion of the board of directors of each of the Company s subsidiaries. The appropriation to these reserves by the Company s PRC subsidiaries was for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022. As a result of these PRC laws and regulations and the requirement that distributions by PRC entities can only be paid out of distributable profits computed in accordance with PRC GAAP, the PRC entities are restricted from transferring a portion of their net assets to the Company. Amounts restricted include paid-in capital and the statutory reserves of the Company s PRC subsidiaries and VIE entities. The aggregate amounts of capital and statutory reserves restricted which represented the amount of net assets of the relevant subsidiaries and VIE entities in the Company not available for distribution was as of December 31, 2022. in cash and cash equivalents at SVB, which represented approximately of its total cash, cash equivalents and investments as of that date. SVB also managed approximately short-term investments which were held in custody for us at U.S. Bank. SVB was closed on March 10, 2023 by the California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation, which appointed the FDIC as receiver. On March 12, 2023, the U.S. Treasury, Federal Reserve, and FDIC announced that SVB depositors will have access to all of their money starting March 13, 2023. On March 13, 2023, the Company was able to access all in cash and cash equivalents held at SVB. Except customary liquidity restrictions inherent to short-term investments, the Company s access to investment accounts held in custody by U.S. Bank was never restricted. While the Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts, the recent failure of SVB exposed a portion of its cash and cash equivalents to significant credit risk prior to the completion by the FDIC of the resolution that fully protected all SVB depositors. The Company is in the process of transferring its accounts to one or more alternate depository institutions, the financial position of which management believes does not expose the Company to significant credit risk or jeopardizes its liquidity. 
 F-41 

<EX-10.8>
 2
 tmb-20221231xex10d8.htm
 EX-10.8

Exhibit 10.8 RENREN, INC. OPTION AGREEMENT (INCENTIVE STOCK OPTION OR NONSTATUTORY STOCK OPTION) Pursuant to your Stock Option Grant Notice Grant Notice and this Option Agreement, Renren, Inc. (the Company has granted you an option under its 20XX Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan to purchase the number of shares of the Company s Common Stock indicated in your Grant Notice at the exercise price indicated in your Grant Notice. The option is granted to you effective as of the date of grant set forth in the Grant Notice (the Date of Grant ). If there is any conflict between the terms in this Option Agreement and the Plan, the terms of the Plan will control. Capitalized terms not explicitly defined in this Option Agreement or in the Grant Notice but defined in the Plan will have the same definitions as in the Plan. The details of your option, in addition to those set forth in the Grant Notice and the Plan, are as follows: 1. Vesting . Your option will vest as provided in your Grant Notice. Vesting will cease upon the termination of your Continuous Service. 2. Number of Shares and Exercise Price . The number of shares of Common Stock subject to your option and your exercise price per share in your Grant Notice will be adjusted for Capitalization Adjustments. 3. Exercise Restriction for Non-Exempt Employees . If you are an Employee eligible for overtime compensation under the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938, as amended (that is, a Non-Exempt Employee ), and except as otherwise provided in the Plan, you may not exercise your option until you have completed at least six months of Continuous Service measured from the Date of Grant, even if you have already been an employee for more than six months. Consistent with the provisions of the Worker Economic Opportunity Act, you may exercise your option as to any vested portion prior to such six month anniversary in the case of (i) your death or disability, (ii) a Corporate Transaction in which your option is not assumed, continued or substituted, (iii) a Change in Control or (iv) your termination of Continuous Service on your retirement (as defined in the Company s benefit plans). 4. Exercise prior to Vesting Early Exercise . If permitted in your Grant Notice i.e. , the Exercise Schedule indicates Early Exercise Permitted and subject to the provisions of your option, you may elect at any time that is both (i) during the period of your Continuous Service and (ii) during the term of your option, to exercise all or part of your option, including the unvested portion of your option; provided, however, that: (a) a partial exercise of your option will be deemed to cover first vested shares of Common Stock and then the earliest vesting installment of unvested shares of Common Stock; (b) any shares of Common Stock so purchased from installments that have not vested as of the date of exercise will be subject to the purchase option in favor of the Company as described in the Company s form of Early Exercise Stock Purchase Agreement; 
 1. 

 (c) you will enter into the Company s form of Early Exercise Stock Purchase Agreement with a vesting schedule that will result in the same vesting as if no early exercise had occurred; and (d) if your option is an Incentive Stock Option, then, to the extent that the aggregate Fair Market Value (determined at the Date of Grant) of the shares of Common Stock with respect to which your option plus all other Incentive Stock Options you hold are exercisable for the first time by you during any calendar year (under all plans of the Company and its Affiliates) exceeds 100,000, your option(s) or portions thereof that exceed such limit (according to the order in which they were granted) will be treated as Nonstatutory Stock Options. 5. Method of Payment . You must pay the full amount of the exercise price for the shares you wish to exercise. The permitted methods of payment are as follows: (a) by cash, check, bank draft, electronic funds transfer or money order payable to the Company; (b) subject to Company and/or Board consent at the time of exercise and provided that at the time of exercise the Common Stock is publicly traded, pursuant to a program developed under Regulation T as promulgated by the Federal Reserve Board that, prior to the issuance of Common Stock, results in either the receipt of cash (or check) by the Company or the receipt of irrevocable instructions to pay the aggregate exercise price to the Company from the sales proceeds. This manner of payment is also known as a broker-assisted exercise , same day sale , or sell to cover (c) subject to Company and/or Board consent at the time of exercise and provided that at the time of exercise the Common Stock is publicly traded, by delivery to the Company (either by actual delivery or attestation) of already-owned shares of Common Stock that are owned free and clear of any liens, claims, encumbrances or security interests, and that are valued at Fair Market Value on the date of exercise. Delivery for these purposes, in the sole discretion of the Company at the time you exercise your option, will include delivery to the Company of your attestation of ownership of such shares of Common Stock in a form approved by the Company. You may not exercise your option by delivery to the Company of Common Stock if doing so would violate the provisions of any law, regulation or agreement restricting the redemption of the Company s stock; (d) subject to Company and/or Board consent at the time of exercise, and provided that the Option is a Nonstatutory Stock Option, by a net exercise arrangement pursuant to which the Company will reduce the number of shares of Common Stock issued upon exercise of the Option by the largest whole number of shares with a Fair Market Value that does not exceed the aggregate exercise price plus, to the extent permitted by the Company and/or Board at the time of exercise, the aggregate withholding obligations in respect of the Option exercise; provided, further that you must pay any remaining balance of the aggregate exercise price not satisfied by the net exercise in cash or other permitted form of payment. Shares of Common Stock will no longer be subject to the Option and will not be exercisable thereafter to the extent that (A) shares issuable upon exercise are used to pay the exercise price pursuant to the net exercise, (B) shares are delivered to you as a result of such exercise, and (C) shares are withheld to satisfy tax withholding obligations; (e) subject to the consent of the Company and/or Board at the time of exercise, according to a deferred payment or similar arrangement with you; provided, however , that interest will compound at least annually and will be charged at the minimum rate of interest necessary to avoid (A) the imputation of interest income to the Company and compensation income to the Optionholder under any 
 2. 

 applicable provisions of the Code, and (B) the classification of the Option as a liability for financial accounting purposes; or (f) in any other form of legal consideration that may be acceptable to the Board. 6. Whole Shares . You may exercise your option only for whole shares of Common Stock. 7. Securities Law Compliance . In no event may you exercise your option unless the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise are then registered under the Securities Act or, if not registered, the Company has determined that your exercise and the issuance of the shares would be exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. The exercise of your option also must comply with all other applicable laws and regulations governing your option, and you may not exercise your option if the Company determines that such exercise would not be in material compliance with such laws and regulations (including any restrictions on exercise required for compliance with Treas. Reg. 1.401(k)-1(d)(3), if applicable). 8. Term . You may not exercise your option before the Date of Grant or after the expiration of the option s term. Except as set forth in your Grant Notice, the term of your option expires, subject to the provisions of Section 5(h) of the Plan, upon the earliest of the following: (a) immediately upon the termination of your Continuous Service for Cause; (b) three months after the termination of your Continuous Service for any reason other than Cause, your Disability or your death (except as otherwise provided in Section 8(d) below); provided, however, that if during any part of such three month period your option is not exercisable solely because of the condition set forth in the section above relating to Securities Law Compliance, your option will not expire until the earlier of the Expiration Date or until it has been exercisable for an aggregate period of three months after the termination of your Continuous Service; provided further, that if (i) you are a Non- Exempt Employee, (ii) your Continuous Service terminates within six months after the Date of Grant, and (iii) you have vested in a portion of your option at the time of your termination of Continuous Service, your option will not expire until the earlier of (x) the later of (A) the date that is seven months after the Date of Grant, and (B) the date that is three months after the termination of your Continuous Service, and (y) the Expiration Date; (c) 12 months after the termination of your Continuous Service due to your Disability (except as otherwise provided in Section 8(d)) below; (d) 18 months after your death if you die either during your Continuous Service or within three (3) months after your Continuous Service terminates for any reason other than Cause; (e) the Expiration Date indicated in your Grant Notice; or (f) the day before the 10th anniversary of the Date of Grant. If your option is an Incentive Stock Option, note that to obtain the federal income tax advantages associated with an Incentive Stock Option, the Code requires that at all times beginning on the Date of Grant and ending on the day three months before the date of your option s exercise, you must be an employee of the Company or an Affiliate, except in the event of your death or Disability. The Company has provided for extended exercisability of your option under certain circumstances for your benefit but cannot guarantee that your option will necessarily be treated as an Incentive Stock Option if you continue to provide services to the Company or an Affiliate as a Consultant or Director after your employment 
 3. 

 terminates or if you otherwise exercise your option more than three months after the date your employment with the Company or an Affiliate terminates. 9. Exercise . (a) You may exercise the vested portion of your option (and the unvested portion of your option if your Grant Notice so permits) during its term by delivering a Notice of Exercise (in a form designated by the Company) together with the exercise price to the Secretary of the Company, or to such other person as the Company may designate, during regular business hours. If required by the Company, your exercise may be made contingent on your execution of any additional documents, to the extent requested by the Company, at any time and from time to time (including, without limitation, any agreements entered into with holders of capital stock of the Company, including without limitation a right of first refusal and co-sale agreement, stockholders agreement and/or a voting agreement). (b) By exercising your option you agree that, as a condition to any exercise of your option, the Company may require you to enter into an arrangement providing for the payment by you to the Company of any tax withholding obligation of the Company arising by reason of (i) the exercise of your option, (ii) the lapse of any substantial risk of forfeiture to which the shares of Common Stock are subject at the time of exercise, or (iii) the disposition of shares of Common Stock acquired upon such exercise. (c) If your option is an Incentive Stock Option, by exercising your option you agree that you will notify the Company in writing within 15 days after the date of any disposition of any of the shares of the Common Stock issued upon exercise of your option that occurs within two years after the Date of Grant or within one year after such shares of Common Stock are transferred upon exercise of your option. (d) By exercising your option you agree that you will not sell, dispose of, transfer, make any short sale of, grant any option for the purchase of, or enter into any hedging or similar transaction with the same economic effect as a sale with respect to any shares of Common Stock or other securities of the Company held by you, for a period of 180 days following the effective date of a registration statement of the Company filed under the Securities Act or such longer period as the underwriters or the Company will request to facilitate compliance with applicable FINRA rules (the Lock-Up Period provided, however , that nothing contained in this section will prevent the exercise of a repurchase option, if any, in favor of the Company during the Lock-Up Period. You further agree to execute and deliver such other agreements as may be reasonably requested by the Company or the underwriters that are consistent with the foregoing or that are necessary to give further effect thereto. In order to enforce the foregoing covenant, the Company may impose stop-transfer instructions with respect to your shares of Common Stock until the end of such period. You also agree that any transferee of any shares of Common Stock (or other securities) of the Company held by you will be bound by this Section 9(d). The underwriters of the Company s stock are intended third party beneficiaries of this Section 9(d) and will have the right, power and authority to enforce the provisions hereof as though they were a party hereto. You further agree that the obligations contained in this Section 9(d) shall also, if so determined by the Company s Board of Directors, apply in the Company s initial listing of its Common Stock on a national securities exchange by means of a registration statement on Form S-1 under the Securities Act (or any successor registration form under the Securities Act subsequently adopted by the Securities and Exchange Commission) filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission that registers shares of existing capital stock of the Company for resale (a Direct Listing ), provided that all holders of at least 5 of the Company s outstanding Common Stock (after giving effect to the conversion into Common Stock of any outstanding Preferred Stock of the Company) are subject to substantially similar obligations with respect to such Direct Listing. 
 4. 

 10. Transferability . Except as otherwise provided in this Section 10, your option is not transferable and shall not be subjected to any lien (directly or indirectly, by operation of law, or otherwise, including execution, levy, garnishment, attachment, pledge or bankruptcy), except by will or by the laws of descent and distribution, and is exercisable during your life only by you. (a) Certain Trusts . Upon receiving written permission from the Board or its duly authorized designee, you may transfer your option to a trust if you are considered to be the sole beneficial owner (determined under Section 671 of the Code and applicable state law) while the option is held in the trust. You and the trustee must enter into transfer and other agreements required by the Company. (b) Domestic Relations Orders . Upon receiving written permission from the Board or its duly authorized designee, and provided that you and the designated transferee enter into transfer and other agreements required by the Company, you may transfer your option pursuant to the terms of a domestic relations order as defined in Section 414(p) of the Code, official marital settlement agreement or other divorce or separation instrument as permitted by Treasury Regulation 1.421-1(b)(2) that contains the information required by the Company to effectuate the transfer. You are encouraged to discuss the proposed terms of any division of this option with the Company prior to finalizing the domestic relations order or marital settlement agreement to help ensure the required information is contained within the domestic relations order or marital settlement agreement. If this option is an Incentive Stock Option, this option may be deemed to be a Nonstatutory Stock Option as a result of such transfer. Beneficiary Designation . Upon receiving written permission from the Board or its duly authorized designee, you may, by delivering written notice to the Company, in a form approved by the Company and any broker designated by the Company to handle option exercises, designate a third party who, on your death, will thereafter be entitled to exercise this option and receive the Common Stock or other consideration resulting from such exercise. In the absence of such a designation, your executor or administrator of your estate will be entitled to exercise this option and receive, on behalf of your estate, the Common Stock or other consideration resulting from such exercise. 11. Right of First Refusal . Shares of Common Stock that you acquire upon exercise of your option are subject to any right of first refusal that may be described in the Company s bylaws in effect at such time the Company elects to exercise its right; provided, however, that if there is no right of first refusal described in the Company s bylaws at such time, the right of first refusal described below will apply. The Company s right of first refusal will expire on the first date upon which any security of the Company is listed (or approved for listing) upon notice of issuance on a national securities exchange or quotation system (the Listing Date ). (a) Prior to the Listing Date, you may not validly Transfer (as defined below) any shares of Common Stock acquired upon exercise of your option, or any interest in such shares, unless such Transfer is made in compliance with the following provisions: (i) Before there can be a valid Transfer of any shares of Common Stock or any interest therein, the record holder of the shares of Common Stock to be transferred (the Offered Shares will give written notice (by registered or certified mail) to the Company. Such notice will specify the identity of the proposed transferee, the cash price offered for the Offered Shares by the proposed transferee (or, if the proposed Transfer is one in which the holder will not receive cash, such as an involuntary transfer, gift, donation or pledge, the holder will state that no purchase price is being proposed), and the other terms and conditions of the proposed Transfer. The date such notice is mailed will be hereinafter referred to as the Notice Date and the record holder of the Offered Shares will be hereinafter 
 5. 

 referred to as the Offeror . If, from time to time, there is any stock dividend, stock split or other change in the character or amount of any of the outstanding Common Stock which is subject to the provisions of your option, then in such event any and all new, substituted or additional securities to which you are entitled by reason of your ownership of the shares of Common Stock acquired upon exercise of your option will be immediately subject to the Company s Right of First Refusal (as defined below) with the same force and effect as the shares subject to the Right of First Refusal immediately before such event. (ii) For a period of 30 calendar days after the Notice Date, or such longer period as may be required to avoid the classification of your option as a liability for financial accounting purposes, the Company will have the option to purchase all (but not less than all) of the Offered Shares at the purchase price and on the terms set forth in Section 11(a)(iii) (the Company s Right of First Refusal ). In the event that the proposed Transfer is one involving no payment of a purchase price, the purchase price will be deemed to be the Fair Market Value of the Offered Shares as determined in good faith by the Board in its discretion. The Company may exercise its Right of First Refusal by mailing (by registered or certified mail) written notice of exercise of its Right of First Refusal to the Offeror prior to the end of said 30 days (including any extension required to avoid classification of the option as a liability for financial accounting purposes). (iii) The price at which the Company may purchase the Offered Shares pursuant to the exercise of its Right of First Refusal will be the cash price offered for the Offered Shares by the proposed transferee (as set forth in the notice required under Section 11(a)(i)), or the Fair Market Value as determined by the Board in the event no purchase price is involved. To the extent consideration other than cash is offered by the proposed transferee, the Company will not be required to pay any additional amounts to the Offeror other than the cash price offered (or the Fair Market Value, if applicable). The Company s notice of exercise of its Right of First Refusal will be accompanied by full payment for the Offered Shares and, upon such payment by the Company, the Company will acquire full right, title and interest to all of the Offered Shares. (iv) If, and only if, the option given pursuant to Section 11(a)(ii) is not exercised, the Transfer proposed in the notice given pursuant to Section 11(a)(i) may take place; provided, however , that such Transfer must, in all respects, be exactly as proposed in said notice except that such Transfer may not take place either before the 10 th calendar day after the expiration of the 30 day option exercise period or after the ninetieth 90 th calendar day after the expiration of the 30 day option exercise period, and if such Transfer has not taken place prior to said 90 th day, such Transfer may not take place without once again complying with this Section 11(a). The option exercise periods in this Section 11(a)(iv) will be adjusted to include any extension required to avoid the classification of your option as a liability for financial accounting purposes. (b) As used in this Section 11, the term Transfer means any sale, encumbrance, pledge, gift or other form of disposition or transfer of shares of Common Stock or any legal or equitable interest therein; provided, however , that the term Transfer does not include a transfer of such shares or interests by will or intestacy to your Immediate Family (as defined below). In such case, the transferee or other recipient will receive and hold the shares of Common Stock so transferred subject to the provisions of this Section, and there will be no further transfer of such shares except in accordance with the terms of this Section 11. As used herein, the term Immediate Family will mean your spouse, the lineal descendant or antecedent, father, mother, brother or sister, child, adopted child, grandchild or adopted grandchild of you or your spouse, or the spouse of any child, adopted child, grandchild or adopted grandchild of you or your spouse. (c) None of the shares of Common Stock purchased on exercise of your option will be transferred on the Company s books nor will the Company recognize any such Transfer of any such shares 
 6. 

 or any interest therein unless and until all applicable provisions of this Section 11 have been complied with in all respects. The certificates of stock evidencing shares of Common Stock purchased on exercise of your option will bear an appropriate legend referring to the transfer restrictions imposed by this Section 11. (d) To ensure that the shares subject to the Company s Right of First Refusal will be available for repurchase by the Company, the Company may require you to deposit the certificates evidencing the shares that you purchase upon exercise of your option with an escrow agent designated by the Company under the terms and conditions of an escrow agreement approved by the Company. If the Company does not require such deposit as a condition of exercise of your option, the Company reserves the right at any time to require you to so deposit the certificates in escrow. As soon as practicable after the expiration of the Company s Right of First Refusal, the agent will deliver to you the shares and any other property no longer subject to such restriction. In the event the shares and any other property held in escrow are subject to the Company s exercise of its Right of First Refusal, the notices required to be given to you will be given to the escrow agent, and any payment required to be given to you will be given to the escrow agent. Within 30 days after payment by the Company for the Offered Shares, the escrow agent will deliver the Offered Shares that the Company has repurchased to the Company and will deliver the payment received from the Company to you. 12. Option not a Service Contract . Your option is not an employment or service contract, and nothing in your option will be deemed to create in any way whatsoever any obligation on your part to continue in the employ of the Company or an Affiliate, or of the Company or an Affiliate to continue your employment. In addition, nothing in your option will obligate the Company or an Affiliate, their respective stockholders, boards of directors, officers or employees to continue any relationship that you might have as a Director or Consultant for the Company or an Affiliate. 13. Withholding Obligations . (a) At the time you exercise your option, in whole or in part, and at any time thereafter as requested by the Company, you hereby authorize withholding from payroll and any other amounts payable to you, and otherwise agree to make adequate provision for (including by means of a same day sale pursuant to a program developed under Regulation T as promulgated by the Federal Reserve Board to the extent permitted by the Company), any sums required to satisfy the federal, state, local and foreign tax withholding obligations of the Company or an Affiliate, if any, which arise in connection with the exercise of your option. (b) If this option is a Nonstatutory Stock Option, then upon your request and subject to approval by the Company, and compliance with any applicable legal conditions or restrictions, the Company may withhold from fully vested shares of Common Stock otherwise issuable to you upon the exercise of your option a number of whole shares of Common Stock having a Fair Market Value, determined by the Company as of the date of exercise, not in excess of the minimum amount of tax required to be withheld by law (or such lower amount as may be necessary to avoid classification of your option as a liability for financial accounting purposes). If the date of determination of any tax withholding obligation is deferred to a date later than the date of exercise of your option, share withholding pursuant to the preceding sentence will not be permitted unless you make a proper and timely election under Section 83(b) of the Code, covering the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock acquired upon such exercise with respect to which such determination is otherwise deferred, to accelerate the determination of such tax withholding obligation to the date of exercise of your option. Notwithstanding the filing of such election, shares of Common Stock will be withheld solely from fully vested shares of Common Stock determined as of the date of exercise of your option that are otherwise issuable to you upon such exercise. Any adverse consequences to you arising in connection with such share withholding procedure will be your sole responsibility. 
 7. 

 (c) You may not exercise your option unless the tax withholding obligations of the Company and/or any Affiliate are satisfied. Accordingly, you may not be able to exercise your option when desired even though your option is vested, and the Company will have no obligation to issue a certificate for such shares of Common Stock or release such shares of Common Stock from any escrow provided for herein, if applicable, unless such obligations are satisfied. 14. Tax Consequences . You hereby agree that the Company does not have a duty to design or administer the Plan or its other compensation programs in a manner that minimizes your tax liabilities. You will not make any claim against the Company, or any of its Officers, Directors, Employees or Affiliates related to tax liabilities arising from your option or your other compensation. In particular, you acknowledge that this option is exempt from Section 409A of the Code only if the exercise price per share specified in the Grant Notice is at least equal to the fair market value per share of the Common Stock on the Date of Grant and there is no other impermissible deferral of compensation associated with the option. Because the Common Stock is not traded on an established securities market, the Fair Market Value is determined by the Board, perhaps in consultation with an independent valuation firm retained by the Company. You acknowledge that there is no guarantee that the Internal Revenue Service will agree with the valuation as determined by the Board, and you will not make any claim against the Company, or any of its Officers, Directors, Employees or Affiliates in the event that the Internal Revenue Service asserts that the valuation determined by the Board is less than the fair market value as subsequently determined by the Internal Revenue Service. 15. Notices . Any notices provided for in your option or the Plan will be given in writing (including electronically) and will be deemed effectively given upon receipt or, in the case of notices delivered by mail by the Company to you, five days after deposit in the United States mail, postage prepaid, addressed to you at the last address you provided to the Company. The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to participation in the Plan and this option by electronic means or to request your consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means. By accepting this option, you consent to receive such documents by electronic delivery and to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or another third party designated by the Company. Governing Plan Document . Your option is subject to all the provisions of the Plan, the provisions of which are hereby made a part of your option, and is further subject to all interpretations, amendments, rules and regulations, which may from time to time be promulgated and adopted pursuant to the Plan. If there is any conflict between the provisions of your option and those of the Plan, the provisions of the Plan will control. a. Noncompetition. You agree that, for a period of two (2) years (or, if a court of competent jurisdiction deems this period overly broad, then one (1) year, or if that is also deemed overly broad by a court of competent jurisdiction then six (6) months) following termination of your Continuous Service: You will not accept or take any part in an employee, consultant or independent contractor position with or start-up, own, or operate any business, entity, or individual that competes with the Company. business that is related to or involves any of the services you provided while employed by the Company or that would involve the use of any confidential or trade secret information of the Company. Because the Company is a nationwide platform, this restriction applies throughout the United States, but if the United States is deemed by a court of competent jurisdiction to be overly broad, then each state within the United States in or through which you performed 
 8. 

 services or attempted to perform services on behalf of the Company. within the last two years of your employment. b. You will not directly or indirectly solicit or contact any current or prospective customer or supplier of the Company with which you had material business contact during the last two years of your employment for the purposes of: (a) selling or attempting to sell any product or service that is substantially similar to or substitutable for the produces and services offered by the Company; or (b) inducing or attempting to induce any such customer or supplier to divert, terminate, limit, modify or fail to enter into any existing or potential business relationship with the Company. c. You will not directly or indirectly, or in coordination with in support of others, solicit or encourage any employee of the Company to end their employment with the Company. 16. Choice of Law. The laws of the State of Delaware will govern all questions concerning the construction, validity and interpretation of this Option Agreement, without regard to that state s conflict of laws rules. 

Renren, Inc. Option holder: . By: By: (Signature) (Signature) Title: Chief Executive Officer 
 
 9. 

</EX-10.8>

<EX-10.9>
 3
 tmb-20221231xex10d9.htm
 EX-10.9

Exhibit 10.9 RENREN, INC. RESTRICTED SHARE UNIT AGREEMENT Pursuant to your Restricted Share Unit (RSU) Grant Notice (the Grant Notice and this Restricted Share Unit Agreement (the RSU Agreement ), Renren, Inc. (the Company has awarded you, in consideration for your past or future services actually or to be rendered to the Company, the number of shares of the Company s Common Stock indicated in your Grant Notice indicated in your Grant Notice (the Award ). The Award is granted to you effective as of the date of grant set forth in the Grant Notice (the Date of Grant ). If there is any conflict between the terms in this RSU Agreement and the Plan, the terms of the Plan will control. Capitalized terms not explicitly defined in this RSU Agreement or in the Grant Notice but defined in the Plan will have the same definitions as in the Plan. The details of your RSU, in addition to those set forth in the Grant Notice and the Plan, are as follows: 1. Vesting . Your RSU will vest as provided in your Grant Notice. Vesting will cease upon the termination of your Continuous Service. 2. Transferability . Except as otherwise provided in this Section 10, your RSU is not transferable and shall not be subjected to any lien (directly or indirectly, by operation of law, or otherwise, including execution, levy, garnishment, attachment, pledge or bankruptcy), except by will or by the laws of descent and distribution, and is exercisable during your life only by you. (a) Certain Trusts . Upon receiving written permission from the Board or its duly authorized designee, you may transfer your RSU to a trust if you are considered to be the sole beneficial owner (determined under Section 671 of the Code and applicable state law) while the RSU is held in the trust. You and the trustee must enter into transfer and other agreements required by the Company. (b) Domestic Relations Orders . Upon receiving written permission from the Board or its duly authorized designee, and provided that you and the designated transferee enter into transfer and other agreements required by the Company, you may transfer your RSU pursuant to the terms of a domestic relations order as defined in Section 414(p) of the Code, official marital settlement agreement or other divorce or separation instrument as permitted by Treasury Regulation 1.421-1(b)(2) that contains the information required by the Company to effectuate the transfer. You are encouraged to discuss the proposed terms of any division of this RSU with the Company prior to finalizing the domestic relations order or marital settlement agreement to help ensure the required information is contained within the domestic relations order or marital settlement agreement. Beneficiary Designation . Upon receiving written permission from the Board or its duly authorized designee, you may, by delivering written notice to the Company, in a form approved by the Company and any broker designated by the Company to handle RSU, designate a third party who, on your death, will thereafter be entitled to receive the Common Stock. In the absence of such a designation, your executor or administrator of your estate will be entitled to receive, on behalf of your estate, the Common Stock. 3. Right of First Refusal . Shares of Common Stock that you acquire upon vesting of your RSU are subject to any right of first refusal that may be described in the Company s bylaws in effect at such time the Company elects to exercise its right; provided, however, that if there is no right of first refusal described in the Company s bylaws at such time, the right of first refusal described below will apply. The Company s right of first refusal will expire on the first date upon which any security of the Company is 
 1. 

listed (or approved for listing) upon notice of issuance on a national securities exchange or quotation system (the Listing Date ). (a) Prior to the Listing Date, you may not validly Transfer (as defined below) any shares of Common Stock acquired upon vesting of your RSU, or any interest in such shares, unless such Transfer is made in compliance with the following provisions: (i) Before there can be a valid Transfer of any shares of Common Stock or any interest therein, the record holder of the shares of Common Stock to be transferred (the Offered Shares will give written notice (by registered or certified mail) to the Company. Such notice will specify the identity of the proposed transferee, the cash price offered for the Offered Shares by the proposed transferee (or, if the proposed Transfer is one in which the holder will not receive cash, such as an involuntary transfer, gift, donation or pledge, the holder will state that no purchase price is being proposed), and the other terms and conditions of the proposed Transfer. The date such notice is mailed will be hereinafter referred to as the Notice Date and the record holder of the Offered Shares will be hereinafter referred to as the Offeror . If, from time to time, there is any stock dividend, stock split or other change in the character or amount of any of the outstanding Common Stock which is subject to the provisions of your RSU, then in such event any and all new, substituted or additional securities to which you are entitled by reason of your ownership of the shares of Common Stock acquired upon vesting of your RSU will be immediately subject to the Company s Right of First Refusal (as defined below) with the same force and effect as the shares subject to the Right of First Refusal immediately before such event. (ii) For a period of 30 calendar days after the Notice Date, or such longer period as may be required to avoid the classification of your RSU as a liability for financial accounting purposes, the Company will have the option to purchase all (but not less than all) of the Offered Shares at the purchase price and on the terms set forth in Section 3(a)(iii) (the Company s Right of First Refusal ). In the event that the proposed Transfer is one involving no payment of a purchase price, the purchase price will be deemed to be the Fair Market Value of the Offered Shares as determined in good faith by the Board in its discretion. The Company may exercise its Right of First Refusal by mailing (by registered or certified mail) written notice of exercise of its Right of First Refusal to the Offeror prior to the end of said 30 days (including any extension required to avoid classification of the RSU as a liability for financial accounting purposes). (iii) The price at which the Company may purchase the Offered Shares pursuant to the exercise of its Right of First Refusal will be the cash price offered for the Offered Shares by the proposed transferee (as set forth in the notice required under Section 3(a)(i)), or the Fair Market Value as determined by the Board in the event no purchase price is involved. To the extent consideration other than cash is offered by the proposed transferee, the Company will not be required to pay any additional amounts to the Offeror other than the cash price offered (or the Fair Market Value, if applicable). The Company s notice of exercise of its Right of First Refusal will be accompanied by full payment for the Offered Shares and, upon such payment by the Company, the Company will acquire full right, title and interest to all of the Offered Shares. (iv) If, and only if, the option given pursuant to Section 3(a)(ii) is not exercised, the Transfer proposed in the notice given pursuant to Section 3(a)(i) may take place; provided, however , that such Transfer must, in all respects, be exactly as proposed in said notice except that such Transfer may not take place either before the 10 th calendar day after the expiration of the 30 day option exercise period or after the ninetieth 90 th calendar day after the expiration of the 30 day option exercise period, and if such Transfer has not taken place prior to said 90 th day, such Transfer may not take place without once again complying with this Section 3(a). The option exercise periods in this Section 3(a)(iv) will be adjusted to include any extension required to avoid the classification of your option as a liability for financial accounting purposes. 
 2. 

(b) As used in this Section 3, the term Transfer means any sale, encumbrance, pledge, gift or other form of disposition or transfer of shares of Common Stock or any legal or equitable interest therein; provided, however , that the term Transfer does not include a transfer of such shares or interests by will or intestacy to your Immediate Family (as defined below). In such case, the transferee or other recipient will receive and hold the shares of Common Stock so transferred subject to the provisions of this Section, and there will be no further transfer of such shares except in accordance with the terms of this Section 3. As used herein, the term Immediate Family will mean your spouse, the lineal descendant or antecedent, father, mother, brother or sister, child, adopted child, grandchild or adopted grandchild of you or your spouse, or the spouse of any child, adopted child, grandchild or adopted grandchild of you or your spouse. (c) None of the shares of Common Stock purchased on vesting of your RSU will be transferred on the Company s books nor will the Company recognize any such Transfer of any such shares or any interest therein unless and until all applicable provisions of this Section 11 have been complied with in all respects. The certificates of stock evidencing shares of Common Stock purchased on vesting of your RSU will bear an appropriate legend referring to the transfer restrictions imposed by this Section 3. (d) To ensure that the shares subject to the Company s Right of First Refusal will be available for repurchase by the Company, the Company may require you to deposit the certificates evidencing the shares that you acquire upon vesting of your RSU with an escrow agent designated by the Company under the terms and conditions of an escrow agreement approved by the Company. If the Company does not require such deposit as a condition of vesting of your RSU, the Company reserves the right at any time to require you to so deposit the certificates in escrow. As soon as practicable after the expiration of the Company s Right of First Refusal, the agent will deliver to you the shares and any other property no longer subject to such restriction. In the event the shares and any other property held in escrow are subject to the Company s exercise of its Right of First Refusal, the notices required to be given to you will be given to the escrow agent, and any payment required to be given to you will be given to the escrow agent. Within 30 days after payment by the Company for the Offered Shares, the escrow agent will deliver the Offered Shares that the Company has repurchased to the Company and will deliver the payment received from the Company to you. 4. RSU not a Service Contract . Your RSU is not an employment or service contract, and nothing in your RSU will be deemed to create in any way whatsoever any obligation on your part to continue in the employ of the Company or an Affiliate, or of the Company or an Affiliate to continue your employment. In addition, nothing in your RSU will obligate the Company or an Affiliate, their respective stockholders, boards of directors, officers or employees to continue any relationship that you might have as a Director or Consultant for the Company or an Affiliate. 5. Withholding Obligations . At the time your RSU vests, in whole or in part, and at any time thereafter as requested by the Company, you hereby authorize withholding from payroll and any other amounts payable to you, and otherwise agree to make adequate provision for (including by means of a same day sale pursuant to a program developed under Regulation T as promulgated by the Federal Reserve Board to the extent permitted by the Company), any sums required to satisfy the federal, state, local and foreign tax withholding obligations of the Company or an Affiliate, if any, which arise in connection with the vesting of your RSU. 6. Tax Consequences . You hereby agree that the Company does not have a duty to design or administer the Plan or its other compensation programs in a manner that minimizes your tax liabilities. You will not make any claim against the Company, or any of its Officers, Directors, Employees or Affiliates related to tax liabilities arising from your RSU or your other compensation. If the Common Stock is not traded on an established securities market, the Fair Market Value would determined by the Board, perhaps in consultation with an independent valuation firm retained by the Company. You acknowledge that there is no guarantee that the Internal Revenue Service will agree with the valuation as determined by the Board, 
 3. 

and you will not make any claim against the Company, or any of its Officers, Directors, Employees or Affiliates in the event that the Internal Revenue Service asserts that the valuation determined by the Board is less than the fair market value as subsequently determined by the Internal Revenue Service. 7. Notices . Any notices provided for in your RSU or the Plan will be given in writing (including electronically) and will be deemed effectively given upon receipt or, in the case of notices delivered by mail by the Company to you, five days after deposit in the United States mail, postage prepaid, addressed to you at the last address you provided to the Company. The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to participation in the Plan and this RSU by electronic means or to request your consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means. By accepting this RSU, you consent to receive such documents by electronic delivery and to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or another third party designated by the Company. Governing Plan Document . Your RSU is subject to all the provisions of the Plan, the provisions of which are hereby made a part of your RSU, and is further subject to all interpretations, amendments, rules and regulations, which may from time to time be promulgated and adopted pursuant to the Plan. If there is any conflict between the provisions of your RSU and those of the Plan, the provisions of the Plan will control. a. Noncompetition. You agree that, for a period of two (2) years (or, if a court of competent jurisdiction deems this period overly broad, then one (1) year, or if that is also deemed overly broad by a court of competent jurisdiction then six (6) months) following termination of your Continuous Service: You will not accept or take any part in an employee, consultant or independent contractor position with or start-up, own, or operate any business, entity, or individual that competes with the Company. business that is related to or involves any of the services you provided while employed by the Company or that would involve the use of any confidential or trade secret information of the Company. Because the Company is a nationwide platform, this restriction applies throughout the United States, but if the United States is deemed by a court of competent jurisdiction to be overly broad, then each state within the United States in or through which you performed services or attempted to perform services on behalf of the Company. within the last two years of your employment. b. You will not directly or indirectly solicit or contact any current or prospective customer or supplier of the Company with which you had material business contact during the last two years of your employment for the purposes of: (a) selling or attempting to sell any product or service that is substantially similar to or substitutable for the produces and services offered by the Company; or (b) inducing or attempting to induce any such customer or supplier to divert, terminate, limit, modify or fail to enter into any existing or potential business relationship with the Company. c. You will not directly or indirectly, or in coordination with in support of others, solicit or encourage any employee of the Company to end their employment with the Company. 8. Choice of Law. The laws of the State of Delaware will govern all questions concerning the construction, validity and interpretation of this RSU Agreement, without regard to that state s conflict of laws rules. 
 4. 

Renren, Inc. RSU holder: . By: By: (Signature) (Signature) Title: Chief Executive Officer 
 
 5. 

</EX-10.9>

<EX-10.10>
 4
 tmb-20221231xex10d10.htm
 EX-10.10

Exhibit 10.10 CHIME TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 2020 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 1. General . (a) Eligible Stock Award Recipients . Employees, Directors and Consultants are eligible to receive Stock Awards. (b) Available Stock Awards . The Plan provides for the grant of the following types of Stock Awards: (i) Incentive Stock Options, (ii) Nonstatutory Stock Options, (iii) Stock Appreciation Rights, (iv) Restricted Stock Awards, (v) Restricted Stock Unit Awards and (vi) Other Stock Awards. (c) Purpose . The Plan, through the grant of Stock Awards, is intended to help the Company secure and retain the services of eligible award recipients, provide incentives for such persons to exert maximum efforts for the success of the Company and any Affiliate and provide a means by which the eligible recipients may benefit from increases in value of the Common Stock. 2. Administration . (a) Administration by the Board . The Board will administer the Plan. The Board may delegate administration of the Plan to a Committee or Committees, as provided in Section 2(c). (b) Powers of the Board . The Board will have the power, subject to, and within the limitations of, the express provisions of the Plan: (i) To determine (A) who will be granted Stock Awards; (B) when and how each Stock Award will be granted; (C) what type of Stock Award will be granted; (D) the provisions of each Stock Award (which need not be identical), including when a person will be permitted to exercise or otherwise receive cash or Common Stock under the Stock Award; (E) the number of shares of Common Stock subject to, or the cash value of, a Stock Award; and (F) the Fair Market Value applicable to a Stock Award. (ii) To construe and interpret the Plan and Stock Awards granted under it, and to establish, amend and revoke rules and regulations for administration of the Plan and Stock Awards. The Board, in the exercise of these powers, may correct any defect, omission or inconsistency in the Plan or in any Stock Award Agreement, in a manner and to the extent it will deem necessary or expedient to make the Plan or Stock Award fully effective. (iii) To settle all controversies regarding the Plan and Stock Awards granted under it. (iv) To accelerate, in whole or in part, the time at which a Stock Award may be exercised or vest (or the time at which cash or shares of Common Stock may be issued in settlement thereof). 
 1. 

(v) To suspend or terminate the Plan at any time. Except as otherwise provided in the Plan or a Stock Award Agreement, suspension or termination of the Plan will not impair a Participant s rights under the Participant s then-outstanding Stock Award without the Participant s written consent except as provided in subsection (viii) below. (vi) To amend the Plan in any respect the Board deems necessary or advisable, including, without limitation, by adopting amendments relating to Incentive Stock Options and certain nonqualified deferred compensation under Section 409A of the Code and/or bringing the Plan or Stock Awards granted under the Plan into compliance with the requirements for Incentive Stock Options or ensuring that they are exempt from, or compliant with, the requirements for nonqualified deferred compensation under Section 409A of the Code, subject to the limitations, if any, of applicable law. If required by applicable law or listing requirements, and except as provided in Section 9(a) relating to Capitalization Adjustments, the Company will seek stockholder approval of any amendment of the Plan that (A) materially increases the number of shares of Common Stock available for issuance under the Plan, (B) materially expands the class of individuals eligible to receive Stock Awards under the Plan, (C) materially increases the benefits accruing to Participants under the Plan, (D) materially reduces the price at which shares of Common Stock may be issued or purchased under the Plan, (E) materially extends the term of the Plan, or (F) materially expands the types of Stock Awards available for issuance under the Plan. Except as otherwise provided in the Plan or a Stock Award Agreement, no amendment of the Plan will materially impair a Participant s rights under an outstanding Stock Award without the Participant s written consent. (vii) To submit any amendment to the Plan for stockholder approval, including, but not limited to, amendments to the Plan intended to satisfy the requirements of Section 422 of the Code regarding Incentive Stock Options. (viii) To approve forms of Stock Award Agreements for use under the Plan and to amend the terms of any one or more Stock Awards, including, but not limited to, amendments to provide terms more favorable to the Participant than previously provided in the Stock Award Agreement, subject to any specified limits in the Plan that are not subject to Board discretion; provided however, that a Participant s rights under any Stock Award will not be impaired by any such amendment unless (A) the Company requests the consent of the affected Participant, and (B) such Participant consents in writing. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (1) a Participant s rights will not be deemed to have been impaired by any such amendment if the Board, in its sole discretion, determines that the amendment, taken as a whole, does not materially impair the Participant s rights, and (2) subject to the limitations of applicable law, if any, the Board may amend the terms of any one or more Stock Awards without the affected Participant s consent (A) to maintain the qualified status of the Stock Award as an Incentive Stock Option under Section 422 of the Code; (B) to change the terms of an Incentive Stock Option, if such change results in impairment of the Stock Award solely because it impairs the qualified status of the Stock Award as an Incentive Stock Option under Section 422 of the Code; (C) to clarify the manner of exemption from, or to bring the Stock Award into compliance with, Section 409A of the Code; or (D) to comply with other applicable laws. (ix) Generally, to exercise such powers and to perform such acts as the Board deems necessary or expedient to promote the best interests of the Company and that are not in conflict with the provisions of the Plan or Stock Awards. (x) To adopt such procedures and sub-plans as are necessary or appropriate to permit participation in the Plan by Employees, Directors or Consultants who are foreign nationals or employed outside the United States (provided that Board approval will not be necessary for immaterial modifications 
 2. 

to the Plan or any Stock Award Agreement that are required for compliance with the laws of the relevant foreign jurisdiction). (xi) To effect, with the consent of any adversely affected Participant, (A) the reduction of the exercise, purchase or strike price of any outstanding Stock Award; (B) the cancellation of any outstanding Stock Award and the grant in substitution therefor of a new (1) Option or SAR, (2) Restricted Stock Award, (3) Restricted Stock Unit Award, (4) Other Stock Award, (5) cash and/or (6) other valuable consideration determined by the Board, in its sole discretion, with any such substituted award (x) covering the same or a different number of shares of Common Stock as the cancelled Stock Award and (y) granted under the Plan or another equity or compensatory plan of the Company; or (C) any other action that is treated as a repricing under generally accepted accounting principles. (c) Delegation to Committee . The Board may delegate some or all of the administration of the Plan to a Committee or Committees. If administration of the Plan is delegated to a Committee, the Committee will have, in connection with the administration of the Plan, the powers theretofore possessed by the Board that have been delegated to the Committee, including the power to delegate to a subcommittee of the Committee any of the administrative powers the Committee is authorized to exercise (and references in this Plan to the Board will thereafter be to the Committee or subcommittee, as applicable). Any delegation of administrative powers will be reflected in resolutions, not inconsistent with the provisions of the Plan, adopted from time to time by the Board or Committee (as applicable). The Board may retain the authority to concurrently administer the Plan with the Committee and may, at any time, revest in the Board some or all of the powers previously delegated. (d) Delegation to an Officer . The Board may delegate to one or more Officers the authority to do one or both of the following: (i) designate Employees who are not Officers to be recipients of Options and SARs (and, to the extent permitted by applicable law, other Stock Awards) and, to the extent permitted by applicable law, the terms of such Stock Awards, and (ii) determine the number of shares of Common Stock to be subject to such Stock Awards granted to such Employees; provided, however , that the Board resolutions regarding such delegation will specify the total number of shares of Common Stock that may be subject to the Stock Awards granted by such Officer and that such Officer may not grant a Stock Award to himself or herself. Any such Stock Awards will be granted on the form of Stock Award Agreement most recently approved for use by the Committee or the Board, unless otherwise provided in the resolutions approving the delegation authority. The Board may not delegate authority to an Officer who is acting solely in the capacity of an Officer (and not also as a Director) to determine the Fair Market Value pursuant to Section 13(t) below. (e) Effect of Board s Decision . All determinations, interpretations and constructions made by the Board in good faith will not be subject to review by any person and will be final, binding and conclusive on all persons. 3. Shares Subject to the Plan . (a) Share Reserve . (i) Subject to Section 9(a) relating to Capitalization Adjustments, the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock that may be issued pursuant to Stock Awards from and after the Effective Date will not exceed 30,000,000 shares (the Share Reserve ). 
 3. 

(ii) For clarity, the Share Reserve in this Section 3(a) is a limitation on the number of shares of Common Stock that may be issued pursuant to the Plan. Accordingly, this Section 3(a) does not limit the granting of Stock Awards except as provided in Section 7(a). (b) Reversion of Shares to the Share Reserve . If a Stock Award or any portion thereof (i) expires or otherwise terminates without all of the shares covered by such Stock Award having been issued or (ii) is settled in cash i.e. , the Participant receives cash rather than stock), such expiration, termination or settlement will not reduce (or otherwise offset) the number of shares of Common Stock that may be available for issuance under the Plan. If any shares of Common Stock issued pursuant to a Stock Award are forfeited back to or repurchased by the Company because of the failure to meet a contingency or condition required to vest such shares in the Participant, then the shares that are forfeited or repurchased will revert to and again become available for issuance under the Plan. Any shares reacquired by the Company in satisfaction of tax withholding obligations on a Stock Award or as consideration for the exercise or purchase price of a Stock Award will again become available for issuance under the Plan. (c) Incentive Stock Option Limit . Subject to the Share Reserve and Section 9(a) relating to Capitalization Adjustments, the aggregate maximum number of shares of Common Stock that may be issued pursuant to the exercise of Incentive Stock Options will be a number of shares of Common Stock equal to three multiplied by the Share Reserve. (d) Source of Shares . The stock issuable under the Plan will be shares of authorized but unissued or reacquired Common Stock, including shares repurchased by the Company on the open market or otherwise. 4. Eligibility . (a) Eligibility for Specific Stock Awards . Incentive Stock Options may be granted only to employees of the Company or a parent corporation or subsidiary corporation thereof (as such terms are defined in Sections 424(e) and 424(f) of the Code). Stock Awards other than Incentive Stock Options may be granted to Employees, Directors and Consultants; provided, however , that Stock Awards may not be granted to Employees, Directors and Consultants who are providing Continuous Service only to any parent of the Company, as such term is defined in Rule 405, unless (i) the stock underlying such Stock Awards is treated as service recipient stock under Section 409A of the Code (for example, because the Stock Awards are granted pursuant to a corporate transaction such as a spin off transaction), (ii) the Company, in consultation with its legal counsel, has determined that such Stock Awards are otherwise exempt from Section 409A of the Code, or (iii) the Company, in consultation with its legal counsel, has determined that such Stock Awards comply with the distribution requirements of Section 409A of the Code. (b) Ten Percent Stockholders . A Ten Percent Stockholder will not be granted an Incentive Stock Option unless the exercise price of such Option is at least 110 of the Fair Market Value on the date of grant and the Option is not exercisable after the expiration of five years from the date of grant. (c) Consultants . A Consultant will not be eligible for the grant of a Stock Award if, at the time of grant, either the offer or sale of the Company s securities to such Consultant is not exempt under Rule 701 because of the nature of the services that the Consultant is providing to the Company, because the Consultant is not a natural person, or because of any other provision of Rule 701, unless the Company determines that such grant need not comply with the requirements of Rule 701 and will satisfy another exemption under the Securities Act as well as comply with the securities laws of all other relevant jurisdictions . 
 4. 

5. Provisions Relating to Options and Stock Appreciation Rights . Each Option or SAR will be in such form and will contain such terms and conditions as the Board deems appropriate. All Options will be separately designated Incentive Stock Options or Nonstatutory Stock Options at the time of grant, and, if certificates are issued, a separate certificate or certificates will be issued for shares of Common Stock purchased on exercise of each type of Option. If an Option is not specifically designated as an Incentive Stock Option, or if an Option is designated as an Incentive Stock Option but some portion or all of the Option fails to qualify as an Incentive Stock Option under the applicable rules, then the Option (or portion thereof) will be a Nonstatutory Stock Option. The provisions of separate Options or SARs need not be identical; provided, however , that each Stock Award Agreement will conform to (through incorporation of provisions hereof by reference in the applicable Stock Award Agreement or otherwise) the substance of each of the following provisions: (a) Term . Subject to the provisions of Section 4(b) regarding Ten Percent Stockholders, no Option or SAR will be exercisable after the expiration of 10 years from the date of its grant or such shorter period specified in the Stock Award Agreement. (b) Exercise Price . Subject to the provisions of Section 4(b) regarding Ten Percent Stockholders, the exercise or strike price of each Option or SAR will be not less than 100 of the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock subject to the Option or SAR on the date the Stock Award is granted. Notwithstanding the foregoing, an Option or SAR may be granted with an exercise or strike price lower than 100 of the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock subject to the Stock Award if such Stock Award is granted pursuant to an assumption of or substitution for another option or stock appreciation right pursuant to a Corporate Transaction and in a manner consistent with the provisions of Section 409A of the Code and, if applicable, Section 424(a) of the Code. Each SAR will be denominated in shares of Common Stock equivalents. (c) Purchase Price for Options . The purchase price of Common Stock acquired pursuant to the exercise of an Option may be paid, to the extent permitted by applicable law and as determined by the Board in its sole discretion, by any combination of the methods of payment set forth below. The Board will have the authority to grant Options that do not permit all of the following methods of payment (or otherwise restrict the ability to use certain methods) and to grant Options that require the consent of the Company to use a particular method of payment. The permitted methods of payment are as follows: (i) by cash, check, bank draft, electronic funds transfer or money order payable to the Company; (ii) subject to Company and/or Board consent at the time of exercise and provided that at the time of exercise the Common Stock is publicly traded, pursuant to a program developed under Regulation T as promulgated by the Federal Reserve Board that, prior to the issuance of Common Stock, results in either the receipt of cash (or check) by the Company or the receipt of irrevocable instructions to pay the aggregate exercise price to the Company from the sales proceeds. This manner of payment is also known as a broker-assisted exercise , same day sale , or sell to cover (iii) subject to Company and/or Board consent at the time of exercise and provided that at the time of exercise the Common Stock is publicly traded, by delivery to the Company (either by actual delivery or attestation) of already-owned shares of Common Stock that are owned free and clear of any liens, claims, encumbrances or security interests, and that are valued at Fair Market Value on the date of exercise. Delivery for these purposes, in the sole discretion of the Company and/or the Board, at the time 
 5. 

Participant exercises their Option, will include delivery to the Company of Participant s attestation of ownership of such shares of Common Stock in a form approved by the Company. Participant may not exercise their option by delivery to the Company of Common Stock if doing so would violate the provisions of any law, regulation or agreement restricting the redemption of the Company s stock; (iv) subject to Company and/or Board consent at the time of exercise, and provided that the Option is a Nonstatutory Stock Option, by a net exercise arrangement pursuant to which the Company will reduce the number of shares of Common Stock issued upon exercise of the Option by the largest whole number of shares with a Fair Market Value that does not exceed the aggregate exercise price plus, to the extent permitted by the Company and/or Board at the time of exercise, the aggregate withholding obligations in respect of the Option exercise; provided, further that Participant must pay any remaining balance of the aggregate exercise price not satisfied by the net exercise in cash or other permitted form of payment. Shares of Common Stock will no longer be subject to the Option and will not be exercisable thereafter to the extent that (A) shares issuable upon exercise are used to pay the exercise price pursuant to the net exercise, (B) shares are delivered to the Participant as a result of such exercise, and (C) shares are withheld to satisfy tax withholding obligations; (v) according to a deferred payment or similar arrangement with the Optionholder; provided, however , that interest will compound at least annually and will be charged at the minimum rate of interest necessary to avoid (A) the imputation of interest income to the Company and compensation income to the Optionholder under any applicable provisions of the Code, and (B) the classification of the Option as a liability for financial accounting purposes; or (vi) in any other form of legal consideration that may be acceptable to the Board. (d) Exercise and Payment of a SAR . To exercise any outstanding SAR, the Participant must provide written notice of exercise to the Company in compliance with the provisions of the Stock Appreciation Right Agreement evidencing such SAR. The appreciation distribution payable on the exercise of a SAR will be not greater than an amount equal to the excess of (A) the aggregate Fair Market Value (on the date of the exercise of the SAR) of a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the number of Common Stock equivalents in which the Participant is vested under such SAR, and with respect to which the Participant is exercising the SAR on such date, over (B) the aggregate strike price of the number of Common Stock equivalents with respect to which the Participant is exercising the SAR on such date. The appreciation distribution may be paid in Common Stock, in cash, in any combination of the two or in any other form of consideration, as determined by the Board and contained in the Stock Award Agreement evidencing such SAR. (e) Transferability of Options and SARs . The Board may, in its sole discretion, impose such limitations on the transferability of Options and SARs as the Board will determine. In the absence of such a determination by the Board to the contrary, the following restrictions on the transferability of Options and SARs will apply: (i) Restrictions on Transfer . An Option or SAR will not be transferable except by will or by the laws of descent and distribution (or pursuant to subsections (ii) and (iii) below), and will be exercisable during the lifetime of the Participant only by the Participant. The Board may permit transfer of the Option or SAR in a manner that is not prohibited by applicable tax and securities laws. Except as explicitly provided in the Plan, neither an Option nor a SAR may be transferred for consideration. 
 6. 

(ii) Domestic Relations Orders . Subject to the approval of the Board or a duly authorized Officer, an Option or SAR may be transferred pursuant to the terms of a domestic relations order, official marital settlement agreement or other divorce or separation instrument as permitted by Treasury Regulation 1.421-1(b)(2). If an Option is an Incentive Stock Option, such Option may be deemed to be a Nonstatutory Stock Option as a result of such transfer. (iii) Beneficiary Designation . Subject to the approval of the Board or a duly authorized Officer, a Participant may, by delivering written notice to the Company, in a form approved by the Company (or the designated broker), designate a third party who, upon the death of the Participant, will thereafter be entitled to exercise the Option or SAR and receive the Common Stock or other consideration resulting from such exercise. In the absence of such a designation, upon the death of the Participant, the executor or administrator of the Participant s estate will be entitled to exercise the Option or SAR and receive the Common Stock or other consideration resulting from such exercise. However, the Company may prohibit designation of a beneficiary at any time, including due to any conclusion by the Company that such designation would be inconsistent with the provisions of applicable laws. (f) Vesting Generally . The total number of shares of Common Stock subject to an Option or SAR may vest and therefore become exercisable in periodic installments that may or may not be equal. The Option or SAR may be subject to such other terms and conditions on the time or times when it may or may not be exercised (which may be based on the satisfaction of performance goals or other criteria) as the Board may deem appropriate. The vesting provisions of individual Options or SARs may vary. The provisions of this Section 5(f) are subject to any Option or SAR provisions governing the minimum number of shares of Common Stock as to which an Option or SAR may be exercised. (g) Termination of Continuous Service . Except as otherwise provided in the applicable Stock Award Agreement or other agreement between the Participant and the Company, if a Participant s Continuous Service terminates (other than for Cause and other than upon the Participant s death or Disability), the Participant may exercise his or her Option or SAR (to the extent that the Participant was entitled to exercise such Stock Award as of the date of termination of Continuous Service) within the period of time ending on the earlier of (i) the date three months following the termination of the Participant s Continuous Service (or such longer or shorter period specified in the applicable Stock Award Agreement, which period will not be less than 30 days if necessary to comply with applicable laws unless such termination is for Cause) and (ii) the expiration of the term of the Option or SAR as set forth in the Stock Award Agreement. If, after termination of Continuous Service, the Participant does not exercise his or her Option or SAR (as applicable) within the applicable time frame, the Option or SAR will terminate. (h) Extension of Termination Date . If the exercise of an Option or SAR following the termination of the Participant s Continuous Service (other than for Cause and other than upon the Participant s death or Disability) would be prohibited at any time solely because the issuance of shares of Common Stock would violate the registration requirements under the Securities Act, then the Option or SAR will terminate on the earlier of (i) the expiration of a total period of time (that need not be consecutive) equal to the applicable post-termination exercise period after the termination of the Participant s Continuous Service during which the exercise of the Option or SAR would not be in violation of such registration requirements, and (ii) the expiration of the term of the Option or SAR as set forth in the applicable Stock Award Agreement. In addition, unless otherwise provided in a Participant s Stock Award Agreement, if the sale of any Common Stock received upon exercise of an Option or SAR following the termination of the Participant s Continuous Service (other than for Cause) would violate the Company s insider trading policy, then the Option or SAR will terminate on the earlier of (i) the expiration of the period of time (that need not be consecutive) equal to the applicable post-termination exercise period after the termination of 
 7. 

the Participant s Continuous Service during which the sale of the Common Stock received upon exercise of the Option or SAR would not be in violation of the Company s insider trading policy, and (ii) the expiration of the term of the Option or SAR as set forth in the applicable Stock Award Agreement. (i) Disability of Participant . Except as otherwise provided in the applicable Stock Award Agreement or other agreement between the Participant and the Company, if a Participant s Continuous Service terminates as a result of the Participant s Disability, the Participant may exercise his or her Option or SAR (to the extent that the Participant was entitled to exercise such Option or SAR as of the date of termination of Continuous Service), but only within such period of time ending on the earlier of (i) the date 12 months following such termination of Continuous Service (or such longer or shorter period specified in the Stock Award Agreement, which period will not be less than six months if necessary to comply with applicable laws unless such termination is for Cause), and (ii) the expiration of the term of the Option or SAR as set forth in the Stock Award Agreement. If, after termination of Continuous Service, the Participant does not exercise his or her Option or SAR within the applicable time frame, the Option or SAR (as applicable) will terminate. (j) Death of Participant . Except as otherwise provided in the applicable Stock Award Agreement or other agreement between the Participant and the Company, if (i) a Participant s Continuous Service terminates as a result of the Participant s death, or (ii) the Participant dies within the period (if any) specified in the Stock Award Agreement for exercisability after the termination of the Participant s Continuous Service (for a reason other than death), then the Option or SAR may be exercised (to the extent the Participant was entitled to exercise such Option or SAR as of the date of death) by the Participant s estate, by a person who acquired the right to exercise the Option or SAR by bequest or inheritance or by a person designated to exercise the Option or SAR upon the Participant s death, but only within the period ending on the earlier of (i) the date 18 months following the date of death (or such longer or shorter period specified in the Stock Award Agreement, which period will not be less than six months if necessary to comply with applicable laws unless such termination is for Cause), and (ii) the expiration of the term of such Option or SAR as set forth in the Stock Award Agreement. If, after the Participant s death, the Option or SAR is not exercised within the applicable time frame, the Option or SAR (as applicable) will terminate. (k) Termination for Cause . Except as explicitly provided otherwise in a Participant s Stock Award Agreement or other individual written agreement between the Company or any Affiliate and the Participant, if a Participant s Continuous Service is terminated for Cause, the Option or SAR will terminate immediately upon such Participant s termination of Continuous Service, and the Participant will be prohibited from exercising his or her Option or SAR (whether vested or unvested) from and after the date of such termination of Continuous Service. (l) Non-Exempt Employees . If an Option or SAR is granted to an Employee who is a non- exempt employee for purposes of the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938, as amended, the Option or SAR will not be first exercisable for any shares of Common Stock until at least six months following the date of grant of the Option or SAR (although the Stock Award may vest prior to such date). Consistent with the provisions of the Worker Economic Opportunity Act, (i) if such non-exempt Employee dies or suffers a Disability, (ii) upon a Corporate Transaction in which such Option or SAR is not assumed, continued, or substituted, (iii) upon a Change in Control, or (iv) upon the Participant s retirement (as such term may be defined in the Participant s Stock Award Agreement, in another agreement between the Participant and the Company, or, if no such definition, in accordance with the Company s then current employment policies and guidelines), the vested portion of any Options and SARs may be exercised earlier than six months following the date of grant. The foregoing provision is intended to operate so that any income derived by a non-exempt employee in connection with the exercise or vesting of an Option or SAR will be exempt 
 8. 

from his or her regular rate of pay. To the extent permitted and/or required for compliance with the Worker Economic Opportunity Act to ensure that any income derived by a non-exempt employee in connection with the exercise, vesting or issuance of any shares under any other Stock Award will be exempt from the employee s regular rate of pay, the provisions of this Section 5(l) will apply to all Stock Awards and are hereby incorporated by reference into such Stock Award Agreements. (m) Early Exercise of Options . An Option may, but need not, include a provision whereby the Optionholder may elect at any time before the Optionholder s Continuous Service terminates to exercise the Option as to any part or all of the shares of Common Stock subject to the Option prior to the full vesting of the Option. Subject to the Repurchase Limitation in Section 8(l), any unvested shares of Common Stock so purchased may be subject to a repurchase right in favor of the Company or to any other restriction the Board determines to be appropriate. Provided that the Repurchase Limitation in Section 8(l) is not violated, the Company will not be required to exercise its repurchase right until at least six months (or such longer or shorter period of time required to avoid classification of the Option as a liability for financial accounting purposes) have elapsed following exercise of the Option unless the Board otherwise specifically provides in the Option Agreement. (n) Right of Repurchase . Subject to the Repurchase Limitation in Section 8(l), the Option or SAR may include a provision whereby the Company may elect to repurchase all or any part of the vested shares of Common Stock acquired by the Participant pursuant to the exercise of the Option or SAR. (o) Right of First Refusal . The Option or SAR may include a provision whereby the Company may elect to exercise a right of first refusal following receipt of notice from the Participant of the intent to transfer all or any part of the shares of Common Stock received upon the exercise of the Option or SAR. Such right of first refusal will be subject to the Repurchase Limitation in Section 8(l). Except as expressly provided in this Section 5(o) or in the Stock Award Agreement, such right of first refusal will otherwise comply with any applicable provisions of the bylaws of the Company. 6. Provisions of Stock Awards Other than Options and SARs . (a) Restricted Stock Awards . Each Restricted Stock Award Agreement will be in such form and will contain such terms and conditions as the Board will deem appropriate. To the extent consistent with the Company s bylaws, at the Board s election, shares of Common Stock underlying a Restricted Stock Award may be (i) held in book entry form subject to the Company s instructions until any restrictions relating to the Restricted Stock Award lapse; or (ii) evidenced by a certificate, which certificate will be held in such form and manner as determined by the Board. The terms and conditions of Restricted Stock Award Agreements may change from time to time, and the terms and conditions of separate Restricted Stock Award Agreements need not be identical. Each Restricted Stock Award Agreement will conform to (through incorporation of the provisions hereof by reference in the agreement or otherwise) the substance of each of the following provisions: (i) Consideration . A Restricted Stock Award may be awarded in consideration for (A) cash, check, bank draft or money order payable to the Company, (B) past services to the Company or an Affiliate, or (C) any other form of legal consideration (including future services) that may be acceptable to the Board, in its sole discretion, and permissible under applicable law. (ii) Vesting . Subject to the Repurchase Limitation in Section 8(l), shares of Common Stock awarded under the Restricted Stock Award Agreement may be subject to forfeiture to the Company in accordance with a vesting schedule to be determined by the Board. 
 9. 

(iii) Termination of Participant s Continuous Service . If a Participant s Continuous Service terminates, the Company may receive through a forfeiture condition or a repurchase right, any or all of the shares of Common Stock held by the Participant that have not vested as of the date of termination of Continuous Service under the terms of the Restricted Stock Award Agreement. (iv) Transferability . Rights to acquire shares of Common Stock under the Restricted Stock Award Agreement will be transferable by the Participant only upon such terms and conditions as are set forth in the Restricted Stock Award Agreement, as the Board will determine in its sole discretion, so long as Common Stock awarded under the Restricted Stock Award Agreement remains subject to the terms of the Restricted Stock Award Agreement. (v) Dividends . A Restricted Stock Award Agreement may provide that any dividends paid on Restricted Stock will be subject to the same vesting and forfeiture restrictions as apply to the shares subject to the Restricted Stock Award to which they relate. (b) Restricted Stock Unit Awards . Each Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement will be in such form and will contain such terms and conditions as the will Board deem appropriate. The terms and conditions of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreements may change from time to time, and the terms and conditions of separate Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreements need not be identical. Each Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement will conform to (through incorporation of the provisions hereof by reference in the Agreement or otherwise) the substance of each of the following provisions: (i) Consideration . At the time of grant of a Restricted Stock Unit Award, the Board will determine the consideration, if any, to be paid by the Participant upon delivery of each share of Common Stock subject to the Restricted Stock Unit Award. The consideration to be paid (if any) by the Participant for each share of Common Stock subject to a Restricted Stock Unit Award may be paid in any form of legal consideration that may be acceptable to the Board, in its sole discretion, and permissible under applicable law. (ii) Vesting . At the time of the grant of a Restricted Stock Unit Award, the Board may impose such restrictions on or conditions to the vesting of the Restricted Stock Unit Award as it, in its sole discretion, deems appropriate. (iii) Payment . A Restricted Stock Unit Award may be settled by the delivery of shares of Common Stock, their cash equivalent, any combination thereof or in any other form of consideration, as determined by the Board and contained in the Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement. (iv) Additional Restrictions . At the time of the grant of a Restricted Stock Unit Award, the Board, as it deems appropriate, may impose such restrictions or conditions that delay the delivery of the shares of Common Stock (or their cash equivalent) subject to a Restricted Stock Unit Award to a time after the vesting of such Restricted Stock Unit Award. (v) Dividend Equivalents . Dividend equivalents may be credited in respect of shares of Common Stock covered by a Restricted Stock Unit Award, as determined by the Board and contained in the Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement. At the sole discretion of the Board, such dividend equivalents may be converted into additional shares of Common Stock covered by the Restricted Stock Unit Award in such manner as determined by the Board. Any additional shares covered by the Restricted Stock Unit Award credited by reason of such dividend equivalents will be subject to all of the same terms and conditions of the underlying Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement to which they relate. 
 10. 

(vi) Termination of Participant s Continuous Service . Except as otherwise provided in the applicable Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement, such portion of the Restricted Stock Unit Award that has not vested will be forfeited upon the Participant s termination of Continuous Service. (vii) Compliance with Section 409A of the Code . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, any Restricted Stock Unit Award granted under the Plan that is not exempt from the requirements of Section 409A of the Code will contain such provisions so that such Restricted Stock Unit Award will comply with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code. Such restrictions, if any, will be determined by the Board and contained in the Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement evidencing such Restricted Stock Unit Award. For example, such restrictions may include, without limitation, a requirement that any Common Stock that is to be issued in a year following the year in which the Restricted Stock Unit Award vests must be issued in accordance with a fixed pre-determined schedule. (c) Other Stock Awards . Other forms of Stock Awards valued in whole or in part by reference to, or otherwise based on, Common Stock, including the appreciation in value thereof (e.g., options or stock rights with an exercise price or strike price less than 100 of the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock at the time of grant) may be granted either alone or in addition to Stock Awards provided for under Section 5 and the preceding provisions of this Section 6. Subject to the provisions of the Plan, the Board will have sole and complete authority to determine the persons to whom and the time or times at which such Other Stock Awards will be granted, the number of shares of Common Stock (or the cash equivalent thereof) to be granted pursuant to such Other Stock Awards and all other terms and conditions of such Other Stock Awards. 7. Covenants of the Company . (a) Availability of Shares . The Company will keep available at all times the number of shares of Common Stock reasonably required to satisfy then-outstanding Stock Awards. (b) Securities Law Compliance . The Company will seek to obtain from each regulatory commission or agency having jurisdiction over the Plan such authority as may be required to grant Stock Awards and to issue and sell shares of Common Stock upon exercise of the Stock Awards; provided, however, that this undertaking will not require the Company to register under the Securities Act the Plan, any Stock Award or any Common Stock issued or issuable pursuant to any such Stock Award. If, after reasonable efforts and at a reasonable cost, the Company is unable to obtain from any such regulatory commission or agency the authority that counsel for the Company deems necessary for the lawful issuance and sale of Common Stock under the Plan, the Company will be relieved from any liability for failure to issue and sell Common Stock upon exercise of such Stock Awards unless and until such authority is obtained. A Participant will not be eligible for the grant of a Stock Award or the subsequent issuance of cash or Common Stock pursuant to the Stock Award if such grant or issuance would be in violation of any applicable securities law. (c) No Obligation to Notify or Minimize Taxes . The Company will have no duty or obligation to any Participant to advise such holder as to the time or manner of exercising such Stock Award. Furthermore, the Company will have no duty or obligation to warn or otherwise advise such holder of a pending termination or expiration of a Stock Award or a possible period in which the Stock Award may not be exercised. The Company has no duty or obligation to minimize the tax consequences of a Stock Award to the holder of such Stock Award. 
 11. 

8. Miscellaneous . (a) Use of Proceeds from Sales of Common Stock . Proceeds from the sale of shares of Common Stock pursuant to Stock Awards will constitute general funds of the Company. (b) Corporate Action Constituting Grant of Stock Awards . Corporate action constituting a grant by the Company of a Stock Award to any Participant will be deemed completed as of the date of such corporate action, unless otherwise determined by the Board, regardless of when the instrument, certificate, or letter evidencing the Stock Award is communicated to, or actually received or accepted by, the Participant. In the event that the corporate records (e.g., Board consents, resolutions or minutes) documenting the corporate action constituting the grant contain terms (e.g., exercise price, vesting schedule or number of shares) that are inconsistent with those in the Stock Award Agreement or related grant documents as a result of a clerical error in the papering of the Stock Award Agreement or related grant documents, the corporate records will control and the Participant will have no legally binding right to the incorrect term in the Stock Award Agreement or related grant documents. (c) Stockholder Rights . No Participant will be deemed to be the holder of, or to have any of the rights of a holder with respect to, any shares of Common Stock subject to a Stock Award unless and until (i) such Participant has satisfied all requirements for exercise of, or the issuance of shares of Common Stock under, the Stock Award pursuant to its terms, and (ii) the issuance of the Common Stock subject to the Stock Award has been entered into the books and records of the Company. (d) No Employment or Other Service Rights . Nothing in the Plan, any Stock Award Agreement or any other instrument executed thereunder or in connection with any Stock Award granted pursuant thereto will confer upon any Participant any right to continue to serve the Company or an Affiliate in the capacity in effect at the time the Stock Award was granted or will affect the right of the Company or an Affiliate to terminate (i) the employment of an Employee with or without notice and with or without cause, (ii) the service of a Consultant pursuant to the terms of such Consultant s agreement with the Company or an Affiliate, or (iii) the service of a Director pursuant to the bylaws of the Company or an Affiliate, and any applicable provisions of the corporate law of the state in which the Company or the Affiliate is incorporated, as the case may be. (e) Change in Time Commitment . In the event a Participant s regular level of time commitment in the performance of his or her services for the Company and any Affiliates is reduced (for example, and without limitation, if the Participant is an Employee of the Company and the Employee has a change in status from a full-time Employee to a part-time Employee or takes an extended leave of absence) after the date of grant of any Stock Award to the Participant, the Board has the right in its sole discretion to (x) make a corresponding reduction in the number of shares subject to any portion of such Stock Award that is scheduled to vest or become payable after the date of such change in time commitment, and (y) in lieu of or in combination with such a reduction, extend the vesting or payment schedule applicable to such Stock Award. In the event of any such reduction, the Participant will have no right with respect to any portion of the Stock Award that is so reduced or extended. (f) Incentive Stock Option Limitations . To the extent that the aggregate Fair Market Value (determined at the time of grant) of Common Stock with respect to which Incentive Stock Options are exercisable for the first time by any Optionholder during any calendar year (under all plans of the Company and any Affiliates) exceeds 100,000 (or such other limit established in the Code) or otherwise does not comply with the rules governing Incentive Stock Options, the Options or portions thereof that exceed such limit (according to the order in which they were granted) or otherwise do not comply with such rules will 
 12. 

be treated as Nonstatutory Stock Options, notwithstanding any contrary provision of the applicable Option Agreement. (g) Investment Assurances . The Company may require a Participant, as a condition of exercising or acquiring Common Stock under any Stock Award, (i) to give written assurances satisfactory to the Company as to the Participant s knowledge and experience in financial and business matters and/or to employ a purchaser representative reasonably satisfactory to the Company who is knowledgeable and experienced in financial and business matters and that the Participant is capable of evaluating, alone or together with the purchaser representative, the merits and risks of exercising the Stock Award; and (ii) to give written assurances satisfactory to the Company stating that the Participant is acquiring Common Stock subject to the Stock Award for the Participant s own account and not with any present intention of selling or otherwise distributing the Common Stock. The foregoing requirements, and any assurances given pursuant to such requirements, will be inoperative if (A) the issuance of the shares upon the exercise or acquisition of Common Stock under the Stock Award has been registered under a then currently effective registration statement under the Securities Act, or (B) as to any particular requirement, a determination is made by counsel for the Company that such requirement need not be met in the circumstances under the then applicable securities laws. The Company may, upon advice of counsel to the Company, place legends on stock certificates issued under the Plan as such counsel deems necessary or appropriate in order to comply with applicable securities laws, including, but not limited to, legends restricting the transfer of the Common Stock. (h) Withholding Obligations . Unless prohibited by the terms of a Stock Award Agreement, the Company may, in its sole discretion, satisfy any federal, state or local tax withholding obligation relating to a Stock Award by any of the following means or by a combination of such means: (i) causing the Participant to tender a cash payment; (ii) withholding shares of Common Stock from the shares of Common Stock issued or otherwise issuable to the Participant in connection with the Stock Award; provided, however , that no shares of Common Stock are withheld with a value exceeding the maximum amount of tax required to be withheld by law (or such lesser amount as may be necessary to avoid classification of the Stock Award as a liability for financial accounting purposes); (iii) withholding cash from a Stock Award settled in cash; (iv) withholding payment from any amounts otherwise payable to the Participant; or (v) by such other method as may be set forth in the Stock Award Agreement. (i) Electronic Delivery . Any reference herein to a written agreement or document will include any agreement or document delivered electronically or posted on the Company s intranet (or other shared electronic medium controlled by the Company to which the Participant has access). (j) Deferrals . To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Board, in its sole discretion, may determine that the delivery of Common Stock or the payment of cash, upon the exercise, vesting or settlement of all or a portion of any Stock Award may be deferred and may establish programs and procedures for deferral elections to be made by Participants. Deferrals by Participants will be made in accordance with Section 409A of the Code. Consistent with Section 409A of the Code, the Board may provide for distributions while a Participant is still an employee or otherwise providing services to the Company. The Board is authorized to make deferrals of Stock Awards and determine when, and in what annual percentages, Participants may receive payments, including lump sum payments, following the Participant s termination of Continuous Service, and implement such other terms and conditions consistent with the provisions of the Plan and in accordance with applicable law. (k) Compliance with Section 409A of the Code . To the extent that the Board determines that any Stock Award granted hereunder is subject to Section 409A of the Code, the Stock Award Agreement 
 13. 

evidencing such Stock Award will incorporate the terms and conditions necessary to avoid the consequences specified in Section 409A(a)(1) of the Code. To the extent applicable, the Plan and Stock Award Agreements will be interpreted in accordance with Section 409A of the Code. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan (and unless the Stock Award Agreement specifically provides otherwise), if the shares of Common Stock are publicly traded, and if a Participant holding a Stock Award that constitutes deferred compensation under Section 409A of the Code is a specified employee for purposes of Section 409A of the Code, no distribution or payment of any amount that is due because of a separation from service (as defined in Section 409A of the Code without regard to alternative definitions thereunder) will be issued or paid before the date that is six months following the date of such Participant s separation from service (as defined in Section 409A of the Code without regard to alternative definitions thereunder) or, if earlier, the date of the Participant s death, unless such distribution or payment can be made in a manner that complies with Section 409A of the Code, and any amounts so deferred will be paid in a lump sum on the day after such six month period elapses, with the balance paid thereafter on the original schedule. (l) Repurchase Limitation . The terms of any repurchase right will be specified in the Stock Award Agreement. The repurchase price for vested shares of Common Stock will be the Fair Market Value of the shares of Common Stock on the date of repurchase. The repurchase price for unvested shares of Common Stock will be the lower of (i) the Fair Market Value of the shares of Common Stock on the date of repurchase or (ii) their original purchase price. However, the Company will not exercise its repurchase right until at least six months (or such longer or shorter period of time necessary to avoid classification of the Stock Award as a liability for financial accounting purposes) have elapsed following delivery of shares of Common Stock subject to the Stock Award, unless otherwise specifically provided by the Board. 9. Adjustments upon Changes in Common Stock; Other Corporate Events . (a) Capitalization Adjustments . In the event of a Capitalization Adjustment, the Board will appropriately and proportionately adjust: (i) the class(es) and maximum number of securities subject to the Plan pursuant to Section 3(a), (ii) the class(es) and maximum number of securities that may be issued pursuant to the exercise of Incentive Stock Options pursuant to Section 3(c), and (iii) the class(es) and number of securities and price per share of stock subject to outstanding Stock Awards. The Board will make such adjustments, and its determination will be final, binding and conclusive. (b) Dissolution or Liquidation . Except as otherwise provided in the Stock Award Agreement, in the event of a dissolution or liquidation of the Company, all outstanding Stock Awards (other than Stock Awards consisting of vested and outstanding shares of Common Stock not subject to a forfeiture condition or the Company s right of repurchase) will terminate immediately prior to the completion of such dissolution or liquidation, and the shares of Common Stock subject to the Company s repurchase rights or subject to a forfeiture condition may be repurchased or reacquired by the Company notwithstanding the fact that the holder of such Stock Award is providing Continuous Service, provided, however, that the Board may, in its sole discretion, cause some or all Stock Awards to become fully vested, exercisable and/or no longer subject to repurchase or forfeiture (to the extent such Stock Awards have not previously expired or terminated) before the dissolution or liquidation is completed but contingent on its completion. (c) Corporate Transaction . The following provisions will apply to Stock Awards in the event of a Corporate Transaction unless otherwise provided in the instrument evidencing the Stock Award or any other written agreement between the Company or any Affiliate and the Participant or unless otherwise expressly provided by the Board at the time of grant of a Stock Award. In the event of a Corporate Transaction, then, notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan, the Board may take one or more of the 
 14. 

following actions with respect to Stock Awards, contingent upon the closing or completion of the Corporate Transaction: (i) arrange for the surviving corporation or acquiring corporation (or the surviving or acquiring corporation s parent company) to assume or continue the Stock Award or to substitute a similar stock award for the Stock Award (including, but not limited to, an award to acquire the same consideration paid to the stockholders of the Company pursuant to the Corporate Transaction); (ii) arrange for the assignment of any reacquisition or repurchase rights held by the Company in respect of Common Stock issued pursuant to the Stock Award to the surviving corporation or acquiring corporation (or the surviving or acquiring corporation s parent company); (iii) accelerate the vesting, in whole or in part, of the Stock Award (and, if applicable, the time at which the Stock Award may be exercised) to a date prior to the effective time of such Corporate Transaction as the Board determines (or, if the Board does not determine such a date, to the date that is five days prior to the effective date of the Corporate Transaction), with such Stock Award terminating if not exercised (if applicable) at or prior to the effective time of the Corporate Transaction; provided, however , that the Board may require Participants to complete and deliver to the Company a notice of exercise before the effective date of a Corporate Transaction, which exercise is contingent upon the effectiveness of such Corporate Transaction; (iv) arrange for the lapse, in whole or in part, of any reacquisition or repurchase rights held by the Company with respect to the Stock Award; (v) cancel or arrange for the cancellation of the Stock Award, to the extent not vested or not exercised prior to the effective time of the Corporate Transaction, in exchange for such cash consideration (including no consideration) as the Board, in its sole discretion, may consider appropriate; and (vi) make a payment, in such form as may be determined by the Board equal to the excess, if any, of (A) the value of the property the Participant would have received upon the exercise of the Stock Award immediately prior to the effective time of the Corporate Transaction, over (B) any exercise price payable by such holder in connection with such exercise. For clarity, this payment may be zero 0) if the value of the property is equal to or less than the exercise price. Payments under this provision may be delayed to the same extent that payment of consideration to the holders of the Company s Common Stock in connection with the Corporate Transaction is delayed as a result of escrows, earn outs, holdbacks or any other contingencies. The Board need not take the same action or actions with respect to all Stock Awards or portions thereof or with respect to all Participants. The Board may take different actions with respect to the vested and unvested portions of a Stock Award. (d) Change in Control . A Stock Award may be subject to additional acceleration of vesting and exercisability upon or after a Change in Control as may be provided in the Stock Award Agreement for such Stock Award or as may be provided in any other written agreement between the Company or any Affiliate and the Participant, but in the absence of such provision, no such acceleration will occur. 
 15. 

10. Plan Term; Earlier Termination or Suspension of the Plan . (a) Plan Term . The Board may suspend or terminate the Plan at any time. Unless terminated sooner by the Board, the Plan will automatically terminate on the day before the 10th anniversary of the earlier of (i) the date the Plan is adopted by the Board, or (ii) the date the Plan is approved by the stockholders of the Company. No Stock Awards may be granted under the Plan while the Plan is suspended or after it is terminated. (b) No Impairment of Rights . Suspension or termination of the Plan will not impair rights and obligations under any Stock Award granted while the Plan is in effect except with the written consent of the affected Participant or as otherwise permitted in the Plan. 11. Effective Date of Plan . This Plan will become effective on the Effective Date. 12. Choice of Law . The laws of the State of Delaware will govern all questions concerning the construction, validity and interpretation of this Plan, without regard to that state s conflict of laws rules. 13. Definitions . As used in the Plan, the following definitions will apply to the capitalized terms indicated below: (a) Affiliate means, at the time of determination, any parent or majority-owned subsidiary of the Company, as such terms are defined in Rule 405. The Board will have the authority to determine the time or times at which parent or majority-owned subsidiary status is determined within the foregoing definition. (b) Board means the Board of Directors of the Company. (c) Capitalization Adjustment means any change that is made in, or other events that occur with respect to, the Common Stock subject to the Plan or subject to any Stock Award after the Effective Date without the receipt of consideration by the Company through merger, consolidation, reorganization, recapitalization, reincorporation, stock dividend, dividend in property other than cash, large nonrecurring cash dividend, stock split, reverse stock split, liquidating dividend, combination of shares, exchange of shares, change in corporate structure, or any similar equity restructuring transaction, as that term is used in Statement of Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718 (or any successor thereto). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the conversion of any convertible securities of the Company will not be treated as a Capitalization Adjustment. (d) Cause will have the meaning ascribed to such term in any written agreement between the Participant and the Company defining such term and, in the absence of such agreement, such term means, with respect to a Participant, the occurrence of any of the following events: (i) such Participant s commission of any felony or any crime involving fraud, dishonesty or moral turpitude under the laws of the United States or any state thereof; (ii) such Participant s attempted commission of, or participation in, a fraud or act of dishonesty against the Company, or any of its employees or directors; (iii) such Participant s intentional, material violation of any contract or agreement between the Participant and the Company, the Company s employment policies, or of any statutory or other duty owed to the Company; (iv) such Participant s unauthorized use or disclosure of the Company s confidential information or trade 
 16. 

secrets; or (v) such Participant s gross misconduct. The determination that a termination of the Participant s Continuous Service is either for Cause or without Cause will be made by the Company, in its sole discretion. Any determination by the Company that the Continuous Service of a Participant was terminated with or without Cause for the purposes of outstanding Stock Awards held by such Participant will have no effect upon any determination of the rights or obligations of the Company or such Participant for any other purpose. (e) Change in Control means the occurrence, in a single transaction or in a series of related transactions, of any one or more of the following events: (i) any Exchange Act Person becomes the Owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing more than 50 of the combined voting power of the Company s then outstanding securities other than by virtue of a merger, consolidation or similar transaction. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Change in Control will not be deemed to occur (A) on account of the acquisition of securities of the Company directly from the Company, (B) on account of the acquisition of securities of the Company by an investor, any affiliate thereof or any other Exchange Act Person that acquires the Company s securities in a transaction or series of related transactions the primary purpose of which is to obtain financing for the Company through the issuance of equity securities or (C) solely because the level of Ownership held by any Exchange Act Person (the Subject Person exceeds the designated percentage threshold of the outstanding voting securities as a result of a repurchase or other acquisition of voting securities by the Company reducing the number of shares outstanding, provided that if a Change in Control would occur (but for the operation of this sentence) as a result of the acquisition of voting securities by the Company, and after such share acquisition, the Subject Person becomes the Owner of any additional voting securities that, assuming the repurchase or other acquisition had not occurred, increases the percentage of the then outstanding voting securities Owned by the Subject Person over the designated percentage threshold, then a Change in Control will be deemed to occur; (ii) there is consummated a merger, consolidation or similar transaction involving (directly or indirectly) the Company and, immediately after the consummation of such merger, consolidation or similar transaction, the stockholders of the Company immediately prior thereto do not Own, directly or indirectly, either (A) outstanding voting securities representing more than 50 of the combined outstanding voting power of the surviving Entity in such merger, consolidation or similar transaction or (B) more than 50 of the combined outstanding voting power of the parent of the surviving Entity in such merger, consolidation or similar transaction, in each case in substantially the same proportions as their Ownership of the outstanding voting securities of the Company immediately prior to such transaction; or (iii) there is consummated a sale, lease, exclusive license or other disposition of all or substantially all of the consolidated assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries, other than a sale, lease, license or other disposition of all or substantially all of the consolidated assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries to an Entity, more than 50 of the combined voting power of the voting securities of which are Owned by stockholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their Ownership of the outstanding voting securities of the Company immediately prior to such sale, lease, license or other disposition. Notwithstanding the foregoing definition or any other provision of this Plan, (A) the term Change in Control will not include a sale of assets, merger or other transaction effected exclusively for the purpose of changing the domicile of the Company, (B) the definition of Change in Control (or any analogous term) in an individual written agreement between the Company or any Affiliate and the Participant will supersede the 
 17. 

foregoing definition with respect to Stock Awards subject to such agreement; provided, however , that if no definition of Change in Control or any analogous term is set forth in such an individual written agreement, the definition set forth herein will apply, and (C) if at any time the Company s Certificate of Incorporation provides definitions of various analogous transactions that would be deemed a liquidation event for the Company, then such definition will apply as if it were the definition set forth herein except as is otherwise expressly provided in an individual written agreement between the Company or any Affiliate and the Participant. (f) Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, including any applicable regulations and guidance thereunder. (g) Committee means a committee of one or more Directors to whom authority has been delegated by the Board in accordance with Section 2(c). (h) Common Stock means the common stock of the Company. (i) Company means Chime Technologies, Inc, a Delaware corporation. (j) Consultant means any person, including an advisor, who is (i) engaged by the Company or an Affiliate to render consulting or advisory services and is compensated for such services, or (ii) serving as a member of the board of directors of an Affiliate and is compensated for such services. However, service solely as a Director, or payment of a fee for such service, will not cause a Director to be considered a Consultant for purposes of the Plan. (k) Continuous Service means that the Participant s service with the Company or an Affiliate, whether as an Employee, Director or Consultant, is not interrupted or terminated. A change in the capacity in which the Participant renders service to the Company or an Affiliate as an Employee, Director or Consultant or a change in the Entity for which the Participant renders such service, provided that there is no interruption or termination of the Participant s service with the Company or an Affiliate, will not terminate a Participant s Continuous Service; provided, however , that if the Entity for which a Participant is rendering services ceases to qualify as an Affiliate, as determined by the Board in its sole discretion, such Participant s Continuous Service will be considered to have terminated on the date such Entity ceases to qualify as an Affiliate. For example, a change in status from an Employee of the Company to a Consultant of an Affiliate or to a Director will not constitute an interruption of Continuous Service. To the extent permitted by law, the Board or the chief executive officer of the Company, in that party s sole discretion, may determine whether Continuous Service will be considered interrupted in the case of (i) any leave of absence approved by the Board or chief executive officer, including sick leave, military leave or any other personal leave, or (ii) transfers between the Company, an Affiliate, or their successors. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a leave of absence will be treated as Continuous Service for purposes of vesting in a Stock Award only to such extent as may be provided in the Company s leave of absence policy, in the written terms of any leave of absence agreement or policy applicable to the Participant, or as otherwise required by law. (l) Corporate Transaction means the consummation, in a single transaction or in a series of related transactions, of any one or more of the following events: (i) a sale or other disposition of all or substantially all, as determined by the Board in its sole discretion, of the consolidated assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries; 
 18. 

(ii) a sale or other disposition of more than 50 of the outstanding securities of the Company; (iii) a merger, consolidation or similar transaction following which the Company is not the surviving corporation; or (iv) a merger, consolidation or similar transaction following which the Company is the surviving corporation but the shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately preceding the merger, consolidation or similar transaction are converted or exchanged by virtue of the merger, consolidation or similar transaction into other property, whether in the form of securities, cash or otherwise. (m) Director means a member of the Board. (n) Disability means, with respect to a Participant, the inability of such Participant to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or that has lasted or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than twelve (12) months as provided in Sections 22(e)(3) and 409A(a)(2)(c)(i) of the Code, and will be determined by the Board on the basis of such medical evidence as the Board deems warranted under the circumstances. (o) Effective Date means the effective date of this Plan, which is the earlier of (i) the date that this Plan is first approved by the Company s stockholders, and (ii) the date this Plan is adopted by the Board. (p) Employee means any person employed by the Company or an Affiliate. However, service solely as a Director, or payment of a fee for such services, will not cause a Director to be considered an Employee for purposes of the Plan. (q) Entity means a corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other entity. (r) Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. (s) Exchange Act Person means any natural person, Entity or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d) or 14(d) of the Exchange Act), except that Exchange Act Person will not include (i) the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company, (ii) any employee benefit plan of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company or any trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company, (iii) an underwriter temporarily holding securities pursuant to a registered public offering of such securities, (iv) an Entity Owned, directly or indirectly, by the stockholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their Ownership of stock of the Company; or (v) any natural person, Entity or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d) or 14(d) of the Exchange Act) that, as of the Effective Date, is the Owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing more than 50 of the combined voting power of the Company s then outstanding securities. (t) Fair Market Value means, as of any date, the value of the Common Stock determined by the Board in compliance with Section 409A of the Code or, in the case of an Incentive Stock Option, in compliance with Section 422 of the Code. 
 19. 

(u) Incentive Stock Option means an option granted pursuant to Section 5 of the Plan that is intended to be, and that qualifies as, an incentive stock option within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code. (v) Nonstatutory Stock Option means an option granted pursuant to Section 5 of the Plan that does not qualify as an Incentive Stock Option. (w) Officer means any person designated by the Company as an officer. (x) Option means an Incentive Stock Option or a Nonstatutory Stock Option to purchase shares of Common Stock granted pursuant to the Plan. (y) Option Agreement means a written agreement between the Company and an Optionholder evidencing the terms and conditions of an Option grant. Each Option Agreement will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. (z) Optionholder means a person to whom an Option is granted pursuant to the Plan or, if applicable, such other person who holds an outstanding Option. (aa) Other Stock Award means an award based in whole or in part by reference to the Common Stock which is granted pursuant to the terms and conditions of Section 6(c). (bb) Other Stock Award Agreement means a written agreement between the Company and a holder of an Other Stock Award evidencing the terms and conditions of an Other Stock Award grant. Each Other Stock Award Agreement will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. (cc) Own , Owned , Owner , Ownership A person or Entity will be deemed to Own, to have Owned, to be the Owner of, or to have acquired Ownership of securities if such person or Entity, directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement, understanding, relationship or otherwise, has or shares voting power, which includes the power to vote or to direct the voting, with respect to such securities. (dd) Participant means a person to whom a Stock Award is granted pursuant to the Plan or, if applicable, such other person who holds an outstanding Stock Award. (ee) Plan means this 2020 Equity Incentive Plan. (ff) Restricted Stock Award means an award of shares of Common Stock which is granted pursuant to the terms and conditions of Section 6(a). (gg) Restricted Stock Award Agreement means a written agreement between the Company and a holder of a Restricted Stock Award evidencing the terms and conditions of a Restricted Stock Award grant. Each Restricted Stock Award Agreement will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. (hh) Restricted Stock Unit Award means a right to receive shares of Common Stock which is granted pursuant to the terms and conditions of Section 6(b). (ii) Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement means a written agreement between the Company and a holder of a Restricted Stock Unit Award evidencing the terms and conditions of a Restricted 
 20. 

Stock Unit Award grant. Each Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. (jj) Rule 405 means Rule 405 promulgated under the Securities Act. (kk) Rule 701 means Rule 701 promulgated under the Securities Act. (ll) Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. (mm) Stock Appreciation Right or SAR means a right to receive the appreciation on Common Stock that is granted pursuant to the terms and conditions of Section 5. (nn) Stock Appreciation Right Agreement means a written agreement between the Company and a holder of a Stock Appreciation Right evidencing the terms and conditions of a Stock Appreciation Right grant. Each Stock Appreciation Right Agreement will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. (oo) Stock Award means any right to receive Common Stock granted under the Plan, including an Incentive Stock Option, a Nonstatutory Stock Option, a Restricted Stock Award, a Restricted Stock Unit Award, a Stock Appreciation Right or any Other Stock Award. (pp) Stock Award Agreement means a written agreement between the Company and a Participant evidencing the terms and conditions of a Stock Award grant. Each Stock Award Agreement will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. (qq) Subsidiary means, with respect to the Company, (i) any corporation of which more than 50 of the outstanding capital stock having ordinary voting power to elect a majority of the board of directors of such corporation (irrespective of whether, at the time, stock of any other class or classes of such corporation will have or might have voting power by reason of the happening of any contingency) is at the time, directly or indirectly, Owned by the Company, and (ii) any partnership, limited liability company or other entity in which the Company has a direct or indirect interest (whether in the form of voting or participation in profits or capital contribution) of more than 50 . (rr) Ten Percent Stockholder means a person who Owns (or is deemed to Own pursuant to Section 424(d) of the Code) stock possessing more than 10 of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or any Affiliate. 
 21. 

</EX-10.10>

<EX-10.11>
 5
 tmb-20221231xex10d11.htm
 EX-10.11

Exhibit 10.11 CHIME TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 2021 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 1. General . (a) Eligible Stock Award Recipients . Employees, Directors and Consultants are eligible to receive Stock Awards. (b) Available Stock Awards . The Plan provides for the grant of the following types of Stock Awards: (i) Incentive Stock Options, (ii) Nonstatutory Stock Options, (iii) Stock Appreciation Rights, (iv) Restricted Stock Awards, (v) Restricted Stock Unit Awards and (vi) Other Stock Awards. (c) Purpose . The Plan, through the grant of Stock Awards, is intended to help the Company secure and retain the services of eligible award recipients, provide incentives for such persons to exert maximum efforts for the success of the Company and any Affiliate and provide a means by which the eligible recipients may benefit from increases in value of the Common Stock. 2. Administration . (a) Administration by the Board . The Board will administer the Plan. The Board may delegate administration of the Plan to a Committee or Committees, as provided in Section 2(c). (b) Powers of the Board . The Board will have the power, subject to, and within the limitations of, the express provisions of the Plan: (i) To determine (A) who will be granted Stock Awards; (B) when and how each Stock Award will be granted; (C) what type of Stock Award will be granted; (D) the provisions of each Stock Award (which need not be identical), including when a person will be permitted to exercise or otherwise receive cash or Common Stock under the Stock Award; (E) the number of shares of Common Stock subject to, or the cash value of, a Stock Award; and (F) the Fair Market Value applicable to a Stock Award. (ii) To construe and interpret the Plan and Stock Awards granted under it, and to establish, amend and revoke rules and regulations for administration of the Plan and Stock Awards. The Board, in the exercise of these powers, may correct any defect, omission or inconsistency in the Plan or in any Stock Award Agreement, in a manner and to the extent it will deem necessary or expedient to make the Plan or Stock Award fully effective. (iii) To settle all controversies regarding the Plan and Stock Awards granted under it. (iv) To accelerate, in whole or in part, the time at which a Stock Award may be exercised or vest (or the time at which cash or shares of Common Stock may be issued in settlement thereof). 
 1. 

 (v) To suspend or terminate the Plan at any time. Except as otherwise provided in the Plan or a Stock Award Agreement, suspension or termination of the Plan will not impair a Participant s rights under the Participant s then-outstanding Stock Award without the Participant s written consent except as provided in subsection (viii) below. (vi) To amend the Plan in any respect the Board deems necessary or advisable, including, without limitation, by adopting amendments relating to Incentive Stock Options and certain nonqualified deferred compensation under Section 409A of the Code and/or bringing the Plan or Stock Awards granted under the Plan into compliance with the requirements for Incentive Stock Options or ensuring that they are exempt from, or compliant with, the requirements for nonqualified deferred compensation under Section 409A of the Code, subject to the limitations, if any, of applicable law. If required by applicable law or listing requirements, and except as provided in Section 9(a) relating to Capitalization Adjustments, the Company will seek stockholder approval of any amendment of the Plan that (A) materially increases the number of shares of Common Stock available for issuance under the Plan, (B) materially expands the class of individuals eligible to receive Stock Awards under the Plan, (C) materially increases the benefits accruing to Participants under the Plan, (D) materially reduces the price at which shares of Common Stock may be issued or purchased under the Plan, (E) materially extends the term of the Plan, or (F) materially expands the types of Stock Awards available for issuance under the Plan. Except as otherwise provided in the Plan or a Stock Award Agreement, no amendment of the Plan will materially impair a Participant s rights under an outstanding Stock Award without the Participant s written consent. (vii) To submit any amendment to the Plan for stockholder approval, including, but not limited to, amendments to the Plan intended to satisfy the requirements of Section 422 of the Code regarding Incentive Stock Options. (viii) To approve forms of Stock Award Agreements for use under the Plan and to amend the terms of any one or more Stock Awards, including, but not limited to, amendments to provide terms more favorable to the Participant than previously provided in the Stock Award Agreement, subject to any specified limits in the Plan that are not subject to Board discretion; provided however, that a Participant s rights under any Stock Award will not be impaired by any such amendment unless (A) the Company requests the consent of the affected Participant, and (B) such Participant consents in writing. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (1) a Participant s rights will not be deemed to have been impaired by any such amendment if the Board, in its sole discretion, determines that the amendment, taken as a whole, does not materially impair the Participant s rights, and (2) subject to the limitations of applicable law, if any, the Board may amend the terms of any one or more Stock Awards without the affected Participant s consent (A) to maintain the qualified status of the Stock Award as an Incentive Stock Option under Section 422 of the Code; (B) to change the terms of an Incentive Stock Option, if such change results in impairment of the Stock Award solely because it impairs the qualified status of the Stock Award as an Incentive Stock Option under Section 422 of the Code; (C) to clarify the manner of exemption from, or to bring the Stock Award into compliance with, Section 409A of the Code; or (D) to comply with other applicable laws. (ix) Generally, to exercise such powers and to perform such acts as the Board deems necessary or expedient to promote the best interests of the Company and that are not in conflict with the provisions of the Plan or Stock Awards. (x) To adopt such procedures and sub-plans as are necessary or appropriate to permit participation in the Plan by Employees, Directors or Consultants who are foreign nationals or employed outside the United States (provided that Board approval will not be necessary for immaterial modifications 
 2. 

 to the Plan or any Stock Award Agreement that are required for compliance with the laws of the relevant foreign jurisdiction). (xi) To effect, with the consent of any adversely affected Participant, (A) the reduction of the exercise, purchase or strike price of any outstanding Stock Award; (B) the cancellation of any outstanding Stock Award and the grant in substitution therefor of a new (1) Option or SAR, (2) Restricted Stock Award, (3) Restricted Stock Unit Award, (4) Other Stock Award, (5) cash and/or (6) other valuable consideration determined by the Board, in its sole discretion, with any such substituted award (x) covering the same or a different number of shares of Common Stock as the cancelled Stock Award and (y) granted under the Plan or another equity or compensatory plan of the Company; or (C) any other action that is treated as a repricing under generally accepted accounting principles. (c) Delegation to Committee . The Board may delegate some or all of the administration of the Plan to a Committee or Committees. If administration of the Plan is delegated to a Committee, the Committee will have, in connection with the administration of the Plan, the powers theretofore possessed by the Board that have been delegated to the Committee, including the power to delegate to a subcommittee of the Committee any of the administrative powers the Committee is authorized to exercise (and references in this Plan to the Board will thereafter be to the Committee or subcommittee, as applicable). Any delegation of administrative powers will be reflected in resolutions, not inconsistent with the provisions of the Plan, adopted from time to time by the Board or Committee (as applicable). The Board may retain the authority to concurrently administer the Plan with the Committee and may, at any time, revest in the Board some or all of the powers previously delegated. (d) Delegation to an Officer . The Board may delegate to one or more Officers the authority to do one or both of the following: (i) designate Employees who are not Officers to be recipients of Options and SARs (and, to the extent permitted by applicable law, other Stock Awards) and, to the extent permitted by applicable law, the terms of such Stock Awards, and (ii) determine the number of shares of Common Stock to be subject to such Stock Awards granted to such Employees; provided, however , that the Board resolutions regarding such delegation will specify the total number of shares of Common Stock that may be subject to the Stock Awards granted by such Officer and that such Officer may not grant a Stock Award to himself or herself. Any such Stock Awards will be granted on the form of Stock Award Agreement most recently approved for use by the Committee or the Board, unless otherwise provided in the resolutions approving the delegation authority. The Board may not delegate authority to an Officer who is acting solely in the capacity of an Officer (and not also as a Director) to determine the Fair Market Value pursuant to Section 13(t) below. (e) Effect of Board s Decision . All determinations, interpretations and constructions made by the Board in good faith will not be subject to review by any person and will be final, binding and conclusive on all persons. 3. Shares Subject to the Plan . (a) Share Reserve . (i) Subject to Section 9(a) relating to Capitalization Adjustments, the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock that may be issued pursuant to Stock Awards from and after the Effective Date will not exceed 5,000,000 shares (the Share Reserve ). 
 3. 

 (ii) For clarity, the Share Reserve in this Section 3(a) is a limitation on the number of shares of Common Stock that may be issued pursuant to the Plan. Accordingly, this Section 3(a) does not limit the granting of Stock Awards except as provided in Section 7(a). (b) Reversion of Shares to the Share Reserve . If a Stock Award or any portion thereof (i) expires or otherwise terminates without all of the shares covered by such Stock Award having been issued or (ii) is settled in cash i.e. , the Participant receives cash rather than stock), such expiration, termination or settlement will not reduce (or otherwise offset) the number of shares of Common Stock that may be available for issuance under the Plan. If any shares of Common Stock issued pursuant to a Stock Award are forfeited back to or repurchased by the Company because of the failure to meet a contingency or condition required to vest such shares in the Participant, then the shares that are forfeited or repurchased will revert to and again become available for issuance under the Plan. Any shares reacquired by the Company in satisfaction of tax withholding obligations on a Stock Award or as consideration for the exercise or purchase price of a Stock Award will again become available for issuance under the Plan. (c) Incentive Stock Option Limit . Subject to the Share Reserve and Section 9(a) relating to Capitalization Adjustments, the aggregate maximum number of shares of Common Stock that may be issued pursuant to the exercise of Incentive Stock Options will be a number of shares of Common Stock equal to three multiplied by the Share Reserve. (d) Source of Shares . The stock issuable under the Plan will be shares of authorized but unissued or reacquired Common Stock, including shares repurchased by the Company on the open market or otherwise. 4. Eligibility . (a) Eligibility for Specific Stock Awards . Incentive Stock Options may be granted only to employees of the Company or a parent corporation or subsidiary corporation thereof (as such terms are defined in Sections 424(e) and 424(f) of the Code). Stock Awards other than Incentive Stock Options may be granted to Employees, Directors and Consultants; provided, however , that Stock Awards may not be granted to Employees, Directors and Consultants who are providing Continuous Service only to any parent of the Company, as such term is defined in Rule 405, unless (i) the stock underlying such Stock Awards is treated as service recipient stock under Section 409A of the Code (for example, because the Stock Awards are granted pursuant to a corporate transaction such as a spin off transaction), (ii) the Company, in consultation with its legal counsel, has determined that such Stock Awards are otherwise exempt from Section 409A of the Code, or (iii) the Company, in consultation with its legal counsel, has determined that such Stock Awards comply with the distribution requirements of Section 409A of the Code. (b) Ten Percent Stockholders . A Ten Percent Stockholder will not be granted an Incentive Stock Option unless the exercise price of such Option is at least 110 of the Fair Market Value on the date of grant and the Option is not exercisable after the expiration of five years from the date of grant. (c) Consultants . A Consultant will not be eligible for the grant of a Stock Award if, at the time of grant, either the offer or sale of the Company s securities to such Consultant is not exempt under Rule 701 because of the nature of the services that the Consultant is providing to the Company, because the Consultant is not a natural person, or because of any other provision of Rule 701, unless the Company determines that such grant need not comply with the requirements of Rule 701 and will satisfy another exemption under the Securities Act as well as comply with the securities laws of all other relevant jurisdictions . 
 4. 

 5. Provisions Relating to Options and Stock Appreciation Rights . Each Option or SAR will be in such form and will contain such terms and conditions as the Board deems appropriate. All Options will be separately designated Incentive Stock Options or Nonstatutory Stock Options at the time of grant, and, if certificates are issued, a separate certificate or certificates will be issued for shares of Common Stock purchased on exercise of each type of Option. If an Option is not specifically designated as an Incentive Stock Option, or if an Option is designated as an Incentive Stock Option but some portion or all of the Option fails to qualify as an Incentive Stock Option under the applicable rules, then the Option (or portion thereof) will be a Nonstatutory Stock Option. The provisions of separate Options or SARs need not be identical; provided, however , that each Stock Award Agreement will conform to (through incorporation of provisions hereof by reference in the applicable Stock Award Agreement or otherwise) the substance of each of the following provisions: (a) Term . Subject to the provisions of Section 4(b) regarding Ten Percent Stockholders, no Option or SAR will be exercisable after the expiration of 10 years from the date of its grant or such shorter period specified in the Stock Award Agreement. (b) Exercise Price . Subject to the provisions of Section 4(b) regarding Ten Percent Stockholders, the exercise or strike price of each Option or SAR will be not less than 100 of the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock subject to the Option or SAR on the date the Stock Award is granted. Notwithstanding the foregoing, an Option or SAR may be granted with an exercise or strike price lower than 100 of the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock subject to the Stock Award if such Stock Award is granted pursuant to an assumption of or substitution for another option or stock appreciation right pursuant to a Corporate Transaction and in a manner consistent with the provisions of Section 409A of the Code and, if applicable, Section 424(a) of the Code. Each SAR will be denominated in shares of Common Stock equivalents. (c) Purchase Price for Options . The purchase price of Common Stock acquired pursuant to the exercise of an Option may be paid, to the extent permitted by applicable law and as determined by the Board in its sole discretion, by any combination of the methods of payment set forth below. The Board will have the authority to grant Options that do not permit all of the following methods of payment (or otherwise restrict the ability to use certain methods) and to grant Options that require the consent of the Company to use a particular method of payment. The permitted methods of payment are as follows: (i) by cash, check, bank draft, electronic funds transfer or money order payable to the Company; (ii) subject to Company and/or Board consent at the time of exercise and provided that at the time of exercise the Common Stock is publicly traded, pursuant to a program developed under Regulation T as promulgated by the Federal Reserve Board that, prior to the issuance of Common Stock, results in either the receipt of cash (or check) by the Company or the receipt of irrevocable instructions to pay the aggregate exercise price to the Company from the sales proceeds. This manner of payment is also known as a broker-assisted exercise , same day sale , or sell to cover (iii) subject to Company and/or Board consent at the time of exercise and provided that at the time of exercise the Common Stock is publicly traded, by delivery to the Company (either by actual delivery or attestation) of already-owned shares of Common Stock that are owned free and clear of any liens, claims, encumbrances or security interests, and that are valued at Fair Market Value on the date of exercise. Delivery for these purposes, in the sole discretion of the Company and/or the Board, at the time 
 5. 

 Participant exercises their Option, will include delivery to the Company of Participant s attestation of ownership of such shares of Common Stock in a form approved by the Company. Participant may not exercise their option by delivery to the Company of Common Stock if doing so would violate the provisions of any law, regulation or agreement restricting the redemption of the Company s stock; (iv) subject to Company and/or Board consent at the time of exercise, and provided that the Option is a Nonstatutory Stock Option, by a net exercise arrangement pursuant to which the Company will reduce the number of shares of Common Stock issued upon exercise of the Option by the largest whole number of shares with a Fair Market Value that does not exceed the aggregate exercise price plus, to the extent permitted by the Company and/or Board at the time of exercise, the aggregate withholding obligations in respect of the Option exercise; provided, further that Participant must pay any remaining balance of the aggregate exercise price not satisfied by the net exercise in cash or other permitted form of payment. Shares of Common Stock will no longer be subject to the Option and will not be exercisable thereafter to the extent that (A) shares issuable upon exercise are used to pay the exercise price pursuant to the net exercise, (B) shares are delivered to the Participant as a result of such exercise, and (C) shares are withheld to satisfy tax withholding obligations; (v) according to a deferred payment or similar arrangement with the Optionholder; provided, however , that interest will compound at least annually and will be charged at the minimum rate of interest necessary to avoid (A) the imputation of interest income to the Company and compensation income to the Optionholder under any applicable provisions of the Code, and (B) the classification of the Option as a liability for financial accounting purposes; or (vi) in any other form of legal consideration that may be acceptable to the Board. (d) Exercise and Payment of a SAR . To exercise any outstanding SAR, the Participant must provide written notice of exercise to the Company in compliance with the provisions of the Stock Appreciation Right Agreement evidencing such SAR. The appreciation distribution payable on the exercise of a SAR will be not greater than an amount equal to the excess of (A) the aggregate Fair Market Value (on the date of the exercise of the SAR) of a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the number of Common Stock equivalents in which the Participant is vested under such SAR, and with respect to which the Participant is exercising the SAR on such date, over (B) the aggregate strike price of the number of Common Stock equivalents with respect to which the Participant is exercising the SAR on such date. The appreciation distribution may be paid in Common Stock, in cash, in any combination of the two or in any other form of consideration, as determined by the Board and contained in the Stock Award Agreement evidencing such SAR. (e) Transferability of Options and SARs . The Board may, in its sole discretion, impose such limitations on the transferability of Options and SARs as the Board will determine. In the absence of such a determination by the Board to the contrary, the following restrictions on the transferability of Options and SARs will apply: (i) Restrictions on Transfer . An Option or SAR will not be transferable except by will or by the laws of descent and distribution (or pursuant to subsections (ii) and (iii) below), and will be exercisable during the lifetime of the Participant only by the Participant. The Board may permit transfer of the Option or SAR in a manner that is not prohibited by applicable tax and securities laws. Except as explicitly provided in the Plan, neither an Option nor a SAR may be transferred for consideration. 
 6. 

 (ii) Domestic Relations Orders . Subject to the approval of the Board or a duly authorized Officer, an Option or SAR may be transferred pursuant to the terms of a domestic relations order, official marital settlement agreement or other divorce or separation instrument as permitted by Treasury Regulation 1.421-1(b)(2). If an Option is an Incentive Stock Option, such Option may be deemed to be a Nonstatutory Stock Option as a result of such transfer. (iii) Beneficiary Designation . Subject to the approval of the Board or a duly authorized Officer, a Participant may, by delivering written notice to the Company, in a form approved by the Company (or the designated broker), designate a third party who, upon the death of the Participant, will thereafter be entitled to exercise the Option or SAR and receive the Common Stock or other consideration resulting from such exercise. In the absence of such a designation, upon the death of the Participant, the executor or administrator of the Participant s estate will be entitled to exercise the Option or SAR and receive the Common Stock or other consideration resulting from such exercise. However, the Company may prohibit designation of a beneficiary at any time, including due to any conclusion by the Company that such designation would be inconsistent with the provisions of applicable laws. (f) Vesting Generally . The total number of shares of Common Stock subject to an Option or SAR may vest and therefore become exercisable in periodic installments that may or may not be equal. The Option or SAR may be subject to such other terms and conditions on the time or times when it may or may not be exercised (which may be based on the satisfaction of performance goals or other criteria) as the Board may deem appropriate. The vesting provisions of individual Options or SARs may vary. The provisions of this Section 5(f) are subject to any Option or SAR provisions governing the minimum number of shares of Common Stock as to which an Option or SAR may be exercised. (g) Termination of Continuous Service . Except as otherwise provided in the applicable Stock Award Agreement or other agreement between the Participant and the Company, if a Participant s Continuous Service terminates (other than for Cause and other than upon the Participant s death or Disability), the Participant may exercise his or her Option or SAR (to the extent that the Participant was entitled to exercise such Stock Award as of the date of termination of Continuous Service) within the period of time ending on the earlier of (i) the date three months following the termination of the Participant s Continuous Service (or such longer or shorter period specified in the applicable Stock Award Agreement, which period will not be less than 30 days if necessary to comply with applicable laws unless such termination is for Cause) and (ii) the expiration of the term of the Option or SAR as set forth in the Stock Award Agreement. If, after termination of Continuous Service, the Participant does not exercise his or her Option or SAR (as applicable) within the applicable time frame, the Option or SAR will terminate. (h) Extension of Termination Date . If the exercise of an Option or SAR following the termination of the Participant s Continuous Service (other than for Cause and other than upon the Participant s death or Disability) would be prohibited at any time solely because the issuance of shares of Common Stock would violate the registration requirements under the Securities Act, then the Option or SAR will terminate on the earlier of (i) the expiration of a total period of time (that need not be consecutive) equal to the applicable post-termination exercise period after the termination of the Participant s Continuous Service during which the exercise of the Option or SAR would not be in violation of such registration requirements, and (ii) the expiration of the term of the Option or SAR as set forth in the applicable Stock Award Agreement. In addition, unless otherwise provided in a Participant s Stock Award Agreement, if the sale of any Common Stock received upon exercise of an Option or SAR following the termination of the Participant s Continuous Service (other than for Cause) would violate the Company s insider trading policy, then the Option or SAR will terminate on the earlier of (i) the expiration of the period of time (that need not be consecutive) equal to the applicable post-termination exercise period after the termination of 
 7. 

 the Participant s Continuous Service during which the sale of the Common Stock received upon exercise of the Option or SAR would not be in violation of the Company s insider trading policy, and (ii) the expiration of the term of the Option or SAR as set forth in the applicable Stock Award Agreement. (i) Disability of Participant . Except as otherwise provided in the applicable Stock Award Agreement or other agreement between the Participant and the Company, if a Participant s Continuous Service terminates as a result of the Participant s Disability, the Participant may exercise his or her Option or SAR (to the extent that the Participant was entitled to exercise such Option or SAR as of the date of termination of Continuous Service), but only within such period of time ending on the earlier of (i) the date 12 months following such termination of Continuous Service (or such longer or shorter period specified in the Stock Award Agreement, which period will not be less than six months if necessary to comply with applicable laws unless such termination is for Cause), and (ii) the expiration of the term of the Option or SAR as set forth in the Stock Award Agreement. If, after termination of Continuous Service, the Participant does not exercise his or her Option or SAR within the applicable time frame, the Option or SAR (as applicable) will terminate. (j) Death of Participant . Except as otherwise provided in the applicable Stock Award Agreement or other agreement between the Participant and the Company, if (i) a Participant s Continuous Service terminates as a result of the Participant s death, or (ii) the Participant dies within the period (if any) specified in the Stock Award Agreement for exercisability after the termination of the Participant s Continuous Service (for a reason other than death), then the Option or SAR may be exercised (to the extent the Participant was entitled to exercise such Option or SAR as of the date of death) by the Participant s estate, by a person who acquired the right to exercise the Option or SAR by bequest or inheritance or by a person designated to exercise the Option or SAR upon the Participant s death, but only within the period ending on the earlier of (i) the date 18 months following the date of death (or such longer or shorter period specified in the Stock Award Agreement, which period will not be less than six months if necessary to comply with applicable laws unless such termination is for Cause), and (ii) the expiration of the term of such Option or SAR as set forth in the Stock Award Agreement. If, after the Participant s death, the Option or SAR is not exercised within the applicable time frame, the Option or SAR (as applicable) will terminate. (k) Termination for Cause . Except as explicitly provided otherwise in a Participant s Stock Award Agreement or other individual written agreement between the Company or any Affiliate and the Participant, if a Participant s Continuous Service is terminated for Cause, the Option or SAR will terminate immediately upon such Participant s termination of Continuous Service, and the Participant will be prohibited from exercising his or her Option or SAR (whether vested or unvested) from and after the date of such termination of Continuous Service. (l) Non-Exempt Employees . If an Option or SAR is granted to an Employee who is a non- exempt employee for purposes of the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938, as amended, the Option or SAR will not be first exercisable for any shares of Common Stock until at least six months following the date of grant of the Option or SAR (although the Stock Award may vest prior to such date). Consistent with the provisions of the Worker Economic Opportunity Act, (i) if such non-exempt Employee dies or suffers a Disability, (ii) upon a Corporate Transaction in which such Option or SAR is not assumed, continued, or substituted, (iii) upon a Change in Control, or (iv) upon the Participant s retirement (as such term may be defined in the Participant s Stock Award Agreement, in another agreement between the Participant and the Company, or, if no such definition, in accordance with the Company s then current employment policies and guidelines), the vested portion of any Options and SARs may be exercised earlier than six months following the date of grant. The foregoing provision is intended to operate so that any income derived by a non-exempt employee in connection with the exercise or vesting of an Option or SAR will be exempt 
 8. 

 from his or her regular rate of pay. To the extent permitted and/or required for compliance with the Worker Economic Opportunity Act to ensure that any income derived by a non-exempt employee in connection with the exercise, vesting or issuance of any shares under any other Stock Award will be exempt from the employee s regular rate of pay, the provisions of this Section 5(l) will apply to all Stock Awards and are hereby incorporated by reference into such Stock Award Agreements. (m) Early Exercise of Options . An Option may, but need not, include a provision whereby the Optionholder may elect at any time before the Optionholder s Continuous Service terminates to exercise the Option as to any part or all of the shares of Common Stock subject to the Option prior to the full vesting of the Option. Subject to the Repurchase Limitation in Section 8(l), any unvested shares of Common Stock so purchased may be subject to a repurchase right in favor of the Company or to any other restriction the Board determines to be appropriate. Provided that the Repurchase Limitation in Section 8(l) is not violated, the Company will not be required to exercise its repurchase right until at least six months (or such longer or shorter period of time required to avoid classification of the Option as a liability for financial accounting purposes) have elapsed following exercise of the Option unless the Board otherwise specifically provides in the Option Agreement. (n) Right of Repurchase . Subject to the Repurchase Limitation in Section 8(l), the Option or SAR may include a provision whereby the Company may elect to repurchase all or any part of the vested shares of Common Stock acquired by the Participant pursuant to the exercise of the Option or SAR. (o) Right of First Refusal . The Option or SAR may include a provision whereby the Company may elect to exercise a right of first refusal following receipt of notice from the Participant of the intent to transfer all or any part of the shares of Common Stock received upon the exercise of the Option or SAR. Such right of first refusal will be subject to the Repurchase Limitation in Section 8(l). Except as expressly provided in this Section 5(o) or in the Stock Award Agreement, such right of first refusal will otherwise comply with any applicable provisions of the bylaws of the Company. 6. Provisions of Stock Awards Other than Options and SARs . (a) Restricted Stock Awards . Each Restricted Stock Award Agreement will be in such form and will contain such terms and conditions as the Board will deem appropriate. To the extent consistent with the Company s bylaws, at the Board s election, shares of Common Stock underlying a Restricted Stock Award may be (i) held in book entry form subject to the Company s instructions until any restrictions relating to the Restricted Stock Award lapse; or (ii) evidenced by a certificate, which certificate will be held in such form and manner as determined by the Board. The terms and conditions of Restricted Stock Award Agreements may change from time to time, and the terms and conditions of separate Restricted Stock Award Agreements need not be identical. Each Restricted Stock Award Agreement will conform to (through incorporation of the provisions hereof by reference in the agreement or otherwise) the substance of each of the following provisions: (i) Consideration . A Restricted Stock Award may be awarded in consideration for (A) cash, check, bank draft or money order payable to the Company, (B) past services to the Company or an Affiliate, or (C) any other form of legal consideration (including future services) that may be acceptable to the Board, in its sole discretion, and permissible under applicable law. (ii) Vesting . Subject to the Repurchase Limitation in Section 8(l), shares of Common Stock awarded under the Restricted Stock Award Agreement may be subject to forfeiture to the Company in accordance with a vesting schedule to be determined by the Board. 
 9. 

 (iii) Termination of Participant s Continuous Service . If a Participant s Continuous Service terminates, the Company may receive through a forfeiture condition or a repurchase right, any or all of the shares of Common Stock held by the Participant that have not vested as of the date of termination of Continuous Service under the terms of the Restricted Stock Award Agreement. (iv) Transferability . Rights to acquire shares of Common Stock under the Restricted Stock Award Agreement will be transferable by the Participant only upon such terms and conditions as are set forth in the Restricted Stock Award Agreement, as the Board will determine in its sole discretion, so long as Common Stock awarded under the Restricted Stock Award Agreement remains subject to the terms of the Restricted Stock Award Agreement. (v) Dividends . A Restricted Stock Award Agreement may provide that any dividends paid on Restricted Stock will be subject to the same vesting and forfeiture restrictions as apply to the shares subject to the Restricted Stock Award to which they relate. (b) Restricted Stock Unit Awards . Each Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement will be in such form and will contain such terms and conditions as the will Board deem appropriate. The terms and conditions of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreements may change from time to time, and the terms and conditions of separate Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreements need not be identical. Each Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement will conform to (through incorporation of the provisions hereof by reference in the Agreement or otherwise) the substance of each of the following provisions: (i) Consideration . At the time of grant of a Restricted Stock Unit Award, the Board will determine the consideration, if any, to be paid by the Participant upon delivery of each share of Common Stock subject to the Restricted Stock Unit Award. The consideration to be paid (if any) by the Participant for each share of Common Stock subject to a Restricted Stock Unit Award may be paid in any form of legal consideration that may be acceptable to the Board, in its sole discretion, and permissible under applicable law. (ii) Vesting . At the time of the grant of a Restricted Stock Unit Award, the Board may impose such restrictions on or conditions to the vesting of the Restricted Stock Unit Award as it, in its sole discretion, deems appropriate. (iii) Payment . A Restricted Stock Unit Award may be settled by the delivery of shares of Common Stock, their cash equivalent, any combination thereof or in any other form of consideration, as determined by the Board and contained in the Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement. (iv) Additional Restrictions . At the time of the grant of a Restricted Stock Unit Award, the Board, as it deems appropriate, may impose such restrictions or conditions that delay the delivery of the shares of Common Stock (or their cash equivalent) subject to a Restricted Stock Unit Award to a time after the vesting of such Restricted Stock Unit Award. (v) Dividend Equivalents . Dividend equivalents may be credited in respect of shares of Common Stock covered by a Restricted Stock Unit Award, as determined by the Board and contained in the Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement. At the sole discretion of the Board, such dividend equivalents may be converted into additional shares of Common Stock covered by the Restricted Stock Unit Award in such manner as determined by the Board. Any additional shares covered by the Restricted Stock Unit Award credited by reason of such dividend equivalents will be subject to all of the same terms and conditions of the underlying Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement to which they relate. 
 10. 

 (vi) Termination of Participant s Continuous Service . Except as otherwise provided in the applicable Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement, such portion of the Restricted Stock Unit Award that has not vested will be forfeited upon the Participant s termination of Continuous Service. (vii) Compliance with Section 409A of the Code . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, any Restricted Stock Unit Award granted under the Plan that is not exempt from the requirements of Section 409A of the Code will contain such provisions so that such Restricted Stock Unit Award will comply with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code. Such restrictions, if any, will be determined by the Board and contained in the Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement evidencing such Restricted Stock Unit Award. For example, such restrictions may include, without limitation, a requirement that any Common Stock that is to be issued in a year following the year in which the Restricted Stock Unit Award vests must be issued in accordance with a fixed pre-determined schedule. (c) Other Stock Awards . Other forms of Stock Awards valued in whole or in part by reference to, or otherwise based on, Common Stock, including the appreciation in value thereof (e.g., options or stock rights with an exercise price or strike price less than 100 of the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock at the time of grant) may be granted either alone or in addition to Stock Awards provided for under Section 5 and the preceding provisions of this Section 6. Subject to the provisions of the Plan, the Board will have sole and complete authority to determine the persons to whom and the time or times at which such Other Stock Awards will be granted, the number of shares of Common Stock (or the cash equivalent thereof) to be granted pursuant to such Other Stock Awards and all other terms and conditions of such Other Stock Awards. 7. Covenants of the Company . (a) Availability of Shares . The Company will keep available at all times the number of shares of Common Stock reasonably required to satisfy then-outstanding Stock Awards. (b) Securities Law Compliance . The Company will seek to obtain from each regulatory commission or agency having jurisdiction over the Plan such authority as may be required to grant Stock Awards and to issue and sell shares of Common Stock upon exercise of the Stock Awards; provided, however, that this undertaking will not require the Company to register under the Securities Act the Plan, any Stock Award or any Common Stock issued or issuable pursuant to any such Stock Award. If, after reasonable efforts and at a reasonable cost, the Company is unable to obtain from any such regulatory commission or agency the authority that counsel for the Company deems necessary for the lawful issuance and sale of Common Stock under the Plan, the Company will be relieved from any liability for failure to issue and sell Common Stock upon exercise of such Stock Awards unless and until such authority is obtained. A Participant will not be eligible for the grant of a Stock Award or the subsequent issuance of cash or Common Stock pursuant to the Stock Award if such grant or issuance would be in violation of any applicable securities law. (c) No Obligation to Notify or Minimize Taxes . The Company will have no duty or obligation to any Participant to advise such holder as to the time or manner of exercising such Stock Award. Furthermore, the Company will have no duty or obligation to warn or otherwise advise such holder of a pending termination or expiration of a Stock Award or a possible period in which the Stock Award may not be exercised. The Company has no duty or obligation to minimize the tax consequences of a Stock Award to the holder of such Stock Award. 
 11. 

 8. Miscellaneous . (a) Use of Proceeds from Sales of Common Stock . Proceeds from the sale of shares of Common Stock pursuant to Stock Awards will constitute general funds of the Company. (b) Corporate Action Constituting Grant of Stock Awards . Corporate action constituting a grant by the Company of a Stock Award to any Participant will be deemed completed as of the date of such corporate action, unless otherwise determined by the Board, regardless of when the instrument, certificate, or letter evidencing the Stock Award is communicated to, or actually received or accepted by, the Participant. In the event that the corporate records (e.g., Board consents, resolutions or minutes) documenting the corporate action constituting the grant contain terms (e.g., exercise price, vesting schedule or number of shares) that are inconsistent with those in the Stock Award Agreement or related grant documents as a result of a clerical error in the papering of the Stock Award Agreement or related grant documents, the corporate records will control and the Participant will have no legally binding right to the incorrect term in the Stock Award Agreement or related grant documents. (c) Stockholder Rights . No Participant will be deemed to be the holder of, or to have any of the rights of a holder with respect to, any shares of Common Stock subject to a Stock Award unless and until (i) such Participant has satisfied all requirements for exercise of, or the issuance of shares of Common Stock under, the Stock Award pursuant to its terms, and (ii) the issuance of the Common Stock subject to the Stock Award has been entered into the books and records of the Company. (d) No Employment or Other Service Rights . Nothing in the Plan, any Stock Award Agreement or any other instrument executed thereunder or in connection with any Stock Award granted pursuant thereto will confer upon any Participant any right to continue to serve the Company or an Affiliate in the capacity in effect at the time the Stock Award was granted or will affect the right of the Company or an Affiliate to terminate (i) the employment of an Employee with or without notice and with or without cause, (ii) the service of a Consultant pursuant to the terms of such Consultant s agreement with the Company or an Affiliate, or (iii) the service of a Director pursuant to the bylaws of the Company or an Affiliate, and any applicable provisions of the corporate law of the state in which the Company or the Affiliate is incorporated, as the case may be. (e) Change in Time Commitment . In the event a Participant s regular level of time commitment in the performance of his or her services for the Company and any Affiliates is reduced (for example, and without limitation, if the Participant is an Employee of the Company and the Employee has a change in status from a full-time Employee to a part-time Employee or takes an extended leave of absence) after the date of grant of any Stock Award to the Participant, the Board has the right in its sole discretion to (x) make a corresponding reduction in the number of shares subject to any portion of such Stock Award that is scheduled to vest or become payable after the date of such change in time commitment, and (y) in lieu of or in combination with such a reduction, extend the vesting or payment schedule applicable to such Stock Award. In the event of any such reduction, the Participant will have no right with respect to any portion of the Stock Award that is so reduced or extended. (f) Incentive Stock Option Limitations . To the extent that the aggregate Fair Market Value (determined at the time of grant) of Common Stock with respect to which Incentive Stock Options are exercisable for the first time by any Optionholder during any calendar year (under all plans of the Company and any Affiliates) exceeds 100,000 (or such other limit established in the Code) or otherwise does not comply with the rules governing Incentive Stock Options, the Options or portions thereof that exceed such limit (according to the order in which they were granted) or otherwise do not comply with such rules will 
 12. 

 be treated as Nonstatutory Stock Options, notwithstanding any contrary provision of the applicable Option Agreement. (g) Investment Assurances . The Company may require a Participant, as a condition of exercising or acquiring Common Stock under any Stock Award, (i) to give written assurances satisfactory to the Company as to the Participant s knowledge and experience in financial and business matters and/or to employ a purchaser representative reasonably satisfactory to the Company who is knowledgeable and experienced in financial and business matters and that the Participant is capable of evaluating, alone or together with the purchaser representative, the merits and risks of exercising the Stock Award; and (ii) to give written assurances satisfactory to the Company stating that the Participant is acquiring Common Stock subject to the Stock Award for the Participant s own account and not with any present intention of selling or otherwise distributing the Common Stock. The foregoing requirements, and any assurances given pursuant to such requirements, will be inoperative if (A) the issuance of the shares upon the exercise or acquisition of Common Stock under the Stock Award has been registered under a then currently effective registration statement under the Securities Act, or (B) as to any particular requirement, a determination is made by counsel for the Company that such requirement need not be met in the circumstances under the then applicable securities laws. The Company may, upon advice of counsel to the Company, place legends on stock certificates issued under the Plan as such counsel deems necessary or appropriate in order to comply with applicable securities laws, including, but not limited to, legends restricting the transfer of the Common Stock. (h) Withholding Obligations . Unless prohibited by the terms of a Stock Award Agreement, the Company may, in its sole discretion, satisfy any federal, state or local tax withholding obligation relating to a Stock Award by any of the following means or by a combination of such means: (i) causing the Participant to tender a cash payment; (ii) withholding shares of Common Stock from the shares of Common Stock issued or otherwise issuable to the Participant in connection with the Stock Award; provided, however , that no shares of Common Stock are withheld with a value exceeding the maximum amount of tax required to be withheld by law (or such lesser amount as may be necessary to avoid classification of the Stock Award as a liability for financial accounting purposes); (iii) withholding cash from a Stock Award settled in cash; (iv) withholding payment from any amounts otherwise payable to the Participant; or (v) by such other method as may be set forth in the Stock Award Agreement. (i) Electronic Delivery . Any reference herein to a written agreement or document will include any agreement or document delivered electronically or posted on the Company s intranet (or other shared electronic medium controlled by the Company to which the Participant has access). (j) Deferrals . To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Board, in its sole discretion, may determine that the delivery of Common Stock or the payment of cash, upon the exercise, vesting or settlement of all or a portion of any Stock Award may be deferred and may establish programs and procedures for deferral elections to be made by Participants. Deferrals by Participants will be made in accordance with Section 409A of the Code. Consistent with Section 409A of the Code, the Board may provide for distributions while a Participant is still an employee or otherwise providing services to the Company. The Board is authorized to make deferrals of Stock Awards and determine when, and in what annual percentages, Participants may receive payments, including lump sum payments, following the Participant s termination of Continuous Service, and implement such other terms and conditions consistent with the provisions of the Plan and in accordance with applicable law. (k) Compliance with Section 409A of the Code . To the extent that the Board determines that any Stock Award granted hereunder is subject to Section 409A of the Code, the Stock Award Agreement 
 13. 

 evidencing such Stock Award will incorporate the terms and conditions necessary to avoid the consequences specified in Section 409A(a)(1) of the Code. To the extent applicable, the Plan and Stock Award Agreements will be interpreted in accordance with Section 409A of the Code. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan (and unless the Stock Award Agreement specifically provides otherwise), if the shares of Common Stock are publicly traded, and if a Participant holding a Stock Award that constitutes deferred compensation under Section 409A of the Code is a specified employee for purposes of Section 409A of the Code, no distribution or payment of any amount that is due because of a separation from service (as defined in Section 409A of the Code without regard to alternative definitions thereunder) will be issued or paid before the date that is six months following the date of such Participant s separation from service (as defined in Section 409A of the Code without regard to alternative definitions thereunder) or, if earlier, the date of the Participant s death, unless such distribution or payment can be made in a manner that complies with Section 409A of the Code, and any amounts so deferred will be paid in a lump sum on the day after such six month period elapses, with the balance paid thereafter on the original schedule. (l) Repurchase Limitation . The terms of any repurchase right will be specified in the Stock Award Agreement. The repurchase price for vested shares of Common Stock will be the Fair Market Value of the shares of Common Stock on the date of repurchase. The repurchase price for unvested shares of Common Stock will be the lower of (i) the Fair Market Value of the shares of Common Stock on the date of repurchase or (ii) their original purchase price. However, the Company will not exercise its repurchase right until at least six months (or such longer or shorter period of time necessary to avoid classification of the Stock Award as a liability for financial accounting purposes) have elapsed following delivery of shares of Common Stock subject to the Stock Award, unless otherwise specifically provided by the Board. 9. Adjustments upon Changes in Common Stock; Other Corporate Events . (a) Capitalization Adjustments . In the event of a Capitalization Adjustment, the Board will appropriately and proportionately adjust: (i) the class(es) and maximum number of securities subject to the Plan pursuant to Section 3(a), (ii) the class(es) and maximum number of securities that may be issued pursuant to the exercise of Incentive Stock Options pursuant to Section 3(c), and (iii) the class(es) and number of securities and price per share of stock subject to outstanding Stock Awards. The Board will make such adjustments, and its determination will be final, binding and conclusive. (b) Dissolution or Liquidation . Except as otherwise provided in the Stock Award Agreement, in the event of a dissolution or liquidation of the Company, all outstanding Stock Awards (other than Stock Awards consisting of vested and outstanding shares of Common Stock not subject to a forfeiture condition or the Company s right of repurchase) will terminate immediately prior to the completion of such dissolution or liquidation, and the shares of Common Stock subject to the Company s repurchase rights or subject to a forfeiture condition may be repurchased or reacquired by the Company notwithstanding the fact that the holder of such Stock Award is providing Continuous Service, provided, however, that the Board may, in its sole discretion, cause some or all Stock Awards to become fully vested, exercisable and/or no longer subject to repurchase or forfeiture (to the extent such Stock Awards have not previously expired or terminated) before the dissolution or liquidation is completed but contingent on its completion. (c) Corporate Transaction . The following provisions will apply to Stock Awards in the event of a Corporate Transaction unless otherwise provided in the instrument evidencing the Stock Award or any other written agreement between the Company or any Affiliate and the Participant or unless otherwise expressly provided by the Board at the time of grant of a Stock Award. In the event of a Corporate Transaction, then, notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan, the Board may take one or more of the 
 14. 

 following actions with respect to Stock Awards, contingent upon the closing or completion of the Corporate Transaction: (i) arrange for the surviving corporation or acquiring corporation (or the surviving or acquiring corporation s parent company) to assume or continue the Stock Award or to substitute a similar stock award for the Stock Award (including, but not limited to, an award to acquire the same consideration paid to the stockholders of the Company pursuant to the Corporate Transaction); (ii) arrange for the assignment of any reacquisition or repurchase rights held by the Company in respect of Common Stock issued pursuant to the Stock Award to the surviving corporation or acquiring corporation (or the surviving or acquiring corporation s parent company); (iii) accelerate the vesting, in whole or in part, of the Stock Award (and, if applicable, the time at which the Stock Award may be exercised) to a date prior to the effective time of such Corporate Transaction as the Board determines (or, if the Board does not determine such a date, to the date that is five days prior to the effective date of the Corporate Transaction), with such Stock Award terminating if not exercised (if applicable) at or prior to the effective time of the Corporate Transaction; provided, however , that the Board may require Participants to complete and deliver to the Company a notice of exercise before the effective date of a Corporate Transaction, which exercise is contingent upon the effectiveness of such Corporate Transaction; (iv) arrange for the lapse, in whole or in part, of any reacquisition or repurchase rights held by the Company with respect to the Stock Award; (v) cancel or arrange for the cancellation of the Stock Award, to the extent not vested or not exercised prior to the effective time of the Corporate Transaction, in exchange for such cash consideration (including no consideration) as the Board, in its sole discretion, may consider appropriate; and (vi) make a payment, in such form as may be determined by the Board equal to the excess, if any, of (A) the value of the property the Participant would have received upon the exercise of the Stock Award immediately prior to the effective time of the Corporate Transaction, over (B) any exercise price payable by such holder in connection with such exercise. For clarity, this payment may be zero 0) if the value of the property is equal to or less than the exercise price. Payments under this provision may be delayed to the same extent that payment of consideration to the holders of the Company s Common Stock in connection with the Corporate Transaction is delayed as a result of escrows, earn outs, holdbacks or any other contingencies. The Board need not take the same action or actions with respect to all Stock Awards or portions thereof or with respect to all Participants. The Board may take different actions with respect to the vested and unvested portions of a Stock Award. (d) Change in Control . A Stock Award may be subject to additional acceleration of vesting and exercisability upon or after a Change in Control as may be provided in the Stock Award Agreement for such Stock Award or as may be provided in any other written agreement between the Company or any Affiliate and the Participant, but in the absence of such provision, no such acceleration will occur. 
 15. 

 10. Plan Term; Earlier Termination or Suspension of the Plan . (a) Plan Term . The Board may suspend or terminate the Plan at any time. Unless terminated sooner by the Board, the Plan will automatically terminate on the day before the 10th anniversary of the earlier of (i) the date the Plan is adopted by the Board, or (ii) the date the Plan is approved by the stockholders of the Company. No Stock Awards may be granted under the Plan while the Plan is suspended or after it is terminated. (b) No Impairment of Rights . Suspension or termination of the Plan will not impair rights and obligations under any Stock Award granted while the Plan is in effect except with the written consent of the affected Participant or as otherwise permitted in the Plan. 11. Effective Date of Plan . This Plan will become effective on the Effective Date. 12. Choice of Law . The laws of the State of Delaware will govern all questions concerning the construction, validity and interpretation of this Plan, without regard to that state s conflict of laws rules. 13. Definitions . As used in the Plan, the following definitions will apply to the capitalized terms indicated below: (a) Affiliate means, at the time of determination, any parent or majority-owned subsidiary of the Company, as such terms are defined in Rule 405. The Board will have the authority to determine the time or times at which parent or majority-owned subsidiary status is determined within the foregoing definition. (b) Board means the Board of Directors of the Company. (c) Capitalization Adjustment means any change that is made in, or other events that occur with respect to, the Common Stock subject to the Plan or subject to any Stock Award after the Effective Date without the receipt of consideration by the Company through merger, consolidation, reorganization, recapitalization, reincorporation, stock dividend, dividend in property other than cash, large nonrecurring cash dividend, stock split, reverse stock split, liquidating dividend, combination of shares, exchange of shares, change in corporate structure, or any similar equity restructuring transaction, as that term is used in Statement of Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718 (or any successor thereto). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the conversion of any convertible securities of the Company will not be treated as a Capitalization Adjustment. (d) Cause will have the meaning ascribed to such term in any written agreement between the Participant and the Company defining such term and, in the absence of such agreement, such term means, with respect to a Participant, the occurrence of any of the following events: (i) such Participant s commission of any felony or any crime involving fraud, dishonesty or moral turpitude under the laws of the United States or any state thereof; (ii) such Participant s attempted commission of, or participation in, a fraud or act of dishonesty against the Company, or any of its employees or directors; (iii) such Participant s intentional, material violation of any contract or agreement between the Participant and the Company, the Company s employment policies, or of any statutory or other duty owed to the Company; (iv) such Participant s unauthorized use or disclosure of the Company s confidential information or trade 
 16. 

 secrets; or (v) such Participant s gross misconduct. The determination that a termination of the Participant s Continuous Service is either for Cause or without Cause will be made by the Company, in its sole discretion. Any determination by the Company that the Continuous Service of a Participant was terminated with or without Cause for the purposes of outstanding Stock Awards held by such Participant will have no effect upon any determination of the rights or obligations of the Company or such Participant for any other purpose. (e) Change in Control means the occurrence, in a single transaction or in a series of related transactions, of any one or more of the following events: (i) any Exchange Act Person becomes the Owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing more than 50 of the combined voting power of the Company s then outstanding securities other than by virtue of a merger, consolidation or similar transaction. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Change in Control will not be deemed to occur (A) on account of the acquisition of securities of the Company directly from the Company, (B) on account of the acquisition of securities of the Company by an investor, any affiliate thereof or any other Exchange Act Person that acquires the Company s securities in a transaction or series of related transactions the primary purpose of which is to obtain financing for the Company through the issuance of equity securities or (C) solely because the level of Ownership held by any Exchange Act Person (the Subject Person exceeds the designated percentage threshold of the outstanding voting securities as a result of a repurchase or other acquisition of voting securities by the Company reducing the number of shares outstanding, provided that if a Change in Control would occur (but for the operation of this sentence) as a result of the acquisition of voting securities by the Company, and after such share acquisition, the Subject Person becomes the Owner of any additional voting securities that, assuming the repurchase or other acquisition had not occurred, increases the percentage of the then outstanding voting securities Owned by the Subject Person over the designated percentage threshold, then a Change in Control will be deemed to occur; (ii) there is consummated a merger, consolidation or similar transaction involving (directly or indirectly) the Company and, immediately after the consummation of such merger, consolidation or similar transaction, the stockholders of the Company immediately prior thereto do not Own, directly or indirectly, either (A) outstanding voting securities representing more than 50 of the combined outstanding voting power of the surviving Entity in such merger, consolidation or similar transaction or (B) more than 50 of the combined outstanding voting power of the parent of the surviving Entity in such merger, consolidation or similar transaction, in each case in substantially the same proportions as their Ownership of the outstanding voting securities of the Company immediately prior to such transaction; or (iii) there is consummated a sale, lease, exclusive license or other disposition of all or substantially all of the consolidated assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries, other than a sale, lease, license or other disposition of all or substantially all of the consolidated assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries to an Entity, more than 50 of the combined voting power of the voting securities of which are Owned by stockholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their Ownership of the outstanding voting securities of the Company immediately prior to such sale, lease, license or other disposition. Notwithstanding the foregoing definition or any other provision of this Plan, (A) the term Change in Control will not include a sale of assets, merger or other transaction effected exclusively for the purpose of changing the domicile of the Company, (B) the definition of Change in Control (or any analogous term) in an individual written agreement between the Company or any Affiliate and the Participant will supersede the 
 17. 

 foregoing definition with respect to Stock Awards subject to such agreement; provided, however , that if no definition of Change in Control or any analogous term is set forth in such an individual written agreement, the definition set forth herein will apply, and (C) if at any time the Company s Certificate of Incorporation provides definitions of various analogous transactions that would be deemed a liquidation event for the Company, then such definition will apply as if it were the definition set forth herein except as is otherwise expressly provided in an individual written agreement between the Company or any Affiliate and the Participant. (f) Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, including any applicable regulations and guidance thereunder. (g) Committee means a committee of one or more Directors to whom authority has been delegated by the Board in accordance with Section 2(c). (h) Common Stock means the common stock of the Company. (i) Company means Chime Technologies, Inc, a Delaware corporation. (j) Consultant means any person, including an advisor, who is (i) engaged by the Company or an Affiliate to render consulting or advisory services and is compensated for such services, or (ii) serving as a member of the board of directors of an Affiliate and is compensated for such services. However, service solely as a Director, or payment of a fee for such service, will not cause a Director to be considered a Consultant for purposes of the Plan. (k) Continuous Service means that the Participant s service with the Company or an Affiliate, whether as an Employee, Director or Consultant, is not interrupted or terminated. A change in the capacity in which the Participant renders service to the Company or an Affiliate as an Employee, Director or Consultant or a change in the Entity for which the Participant renders such service, provided that there is no interruption or termination of the Participant s service with the Company or an Affiliate, will not terminate a Participant s Continuous Service; provided, however , that if the Entity for which a Participant is rendering services ceases to qualify as an Affiliate, as determined by the Board in its sole discretion, such Participant s Continuous Service will be considered to have terminated on the date such Entity ceases to qualify as an Affiliate. For example, a change in status from an Employee of the Company to a Consultant of an Affiliate or to a Director will not constitute an interruption of Continuous Service. To the extent permitted by law, the Board or the chief executive officer of the Company, in that party s sole discretion, may determine whether Continuous Service will be considered interrupted in the case of (i) any leave of absence approved by the Board or chief executive officer, including sick leave, military leave or any other personal leave, or (ii) transfers between the Company, an Affiliate, or their successors. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a leave of absence will be treated as Continuous Service for purposes of vesting in a Stock Award only to such extent as may be provided in the Company s leave of absence policy, in the written terms of any leave of absence agreement or policy applicable to the Participant, or as otherwise required by law. (l) Corporate Transaction means the consummation, in a single transaction or in a series of related transactions, of any one or more of the following events: (i) a sale or other disposition of all or substantially all, as determined by the Board in its sole discretion, of the consolidated assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries; 
 18. 

 (ii) a sale or other disposition of more than 50 of the outstanding securities of the Company; (iii) a merger, consolidation or similar transaction following which the Company is not the surviving corporation; or (iv) a merger, consolidation or similar transaction following which the Company is the surviving corporation but the shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately preceding the merger, consolidation or similar transaction are converted or exchanged by virtue of the merger, consolidation or similar transaction into other property, whether in the form of securities, cash or otherwise. (m) Director means a member of the Board. (n) Disability means, with respect to a Participant, the inability of such Participant to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or that has lasted or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than twelve (12) months as provided in Sections 22(e)(3) and 409A(a)(2)(c)(i) of the Code, and will be determined by the Board on the basis of such medical evidence as the Board deems warranted under the circumstances. (o) Effective Date means the effective date of this Plan, which is the earlier of (i) the date that this Plan is first approved by the Company s stockholders, and (ii) the date this Plan is adopted by the Board. (p) Employee means any person employed by the Company or an Affiliate. However, service solely as a Director, or payment of a fee for such services, will not cause a Director to be considered an Employee for purposes of the Plan. (q) Entity means a corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other entity. (r) Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. (s) Exchange Act Person means any natural person, Entity or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d) or 14(d) of the Exchange Act), except that Exchange Act Person will not include (i) the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company, (ii) any employee benefit plan of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company or any trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company, (iii) an underwriter temporarily holding securities pursuant to a registered public offering of such securities, (iv) an Entity Owned, directly or indirectly, by the stockholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their Ownership of stock of the Company; or (v) any natural person, Entity or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d) or 14(d) of the Exchange Act) that, as of the Effective Date, is the Owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing more than 50 of the combined voting power of the Company s then outstanding securities. (t) Fair Market Value means, as of any date, the value of the Common Stock determined by the Board in compliance with Section 409A of the Code or, in the case of an Incentive Stock Option, in compliance with Section 422 of the Code. 
 19. 

 (u) Incentive Stock Option means an option granted pursuant to Section 5 of the Plan that is intended to be, and that qualifies as, an incentive stock option within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code. (v) Nonstatutory Stock Option means an option granted pursuant to Section 5 of the Plan that does not qualify as an Incentive Stock Option. (w) Officer means any person designated by the Company as an officer. (x) Option means an Incentive Stock Option or a Nonstatutory Stock Option to purchase shares of Common Stock granted pursuant to the Plan. (y) Option Agreement means a written agreement between the Company and an Optionholder evidencing the terms and conditions of an Option grant. Each Option Agreement will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. (z) Optionholder means a person to whom an Option is granted pursuant to the Plan or, if applicable, such other person who holds an outstanding Option. (aa) Other Stock Award means an award based in whole or in part by reference to the Common Stock which is granted pursuant to the terms and conditions of Section 6(c). (bb) Other Stock Award Agreement means a written agreement between the Company and a holder of an Other Stock Award evidencing the terms and conditions of an Other Stock Award grant. Each Other Stock Award Agreement will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. (cc) Own , Owned , Owner , Ownership A person or Entity will be deemed to Own, to have Owned, to be the Owner of, or to have acquired Ownership of securities if such person or Entity, directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement, understanding, relationship or otherwise, has or shares voting power, which includes the power to vote or to direct the voting, with respect to such securities. (dd) Participant means a person to whom a Stock Award is granted pursuant to the Plan or, if applicable, such other person who holds an outstanding Stock Award. (ee) Plan means this 2020 Equity Incentive Plan. (ff) Restricted Stock Award means an award of shares of Common Stock which is granted pursuant to the terms and conditions of Section 6(a). (gg) Restricted Stock Award Agreement means a written agreement between the Company and a holder of a Restricted Stock Award evidencing the terms and conditions of a Restricted Stock Award grant. Each Restricted Stock Award Agreement will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. (hh) Restricted Stock Unit Award means a right to receive shares of Common Stock which is granted pursuant to the terms and conditions of Section 6(b). (ii) Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement means a written agreement between the Company and a holder of a Restricted Stock Unit Award evidencing the terms and conditions of a Restricted 
 20. 

 Stock Unit Award grant. Each Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. (jj) Rule 405 means Rule 405 promulgated under the Securities Act. (kk) Rule 701 means Rule 701 promulgated under the Securities Act. (ll) Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. (mm) Stock Appreciation Right or SAR means a right to receive the appreciation on Common Stock that is granted pursuant to the terms and conditions of Section 5. (nn) Stock Appreciation Right Agreement means a written agreement between the Company and a holder of a Stock Appreciation Right evidencing the terms and conditions of a Stock Appreciation Right grant. Each Stock Appreciation Right Agreement will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. (oo) Stock Award means any right to receive Common Stock granted under the Plan, including an Incentive Stock Option, a Nonstatutory Stock Option, a Restricted Stock Award, a Restricted Stock Unit Award, a Stock Appreciation Right or any Other Stock Award. (pp) Stock Award Agreement means a written agreement between the Company and a Participant evidencing the terms and conditions of a Stock Award grant. Each Stock Award Agreement will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. (qq) Subsidiary means, with respect to the Company, (i) any corporation of which more than 50 of the outstanding capital stock having ordinary voting power to elect a majority of the board of directors of such corporation (irrespective of whether, at the time, stock of any other class or classes of such corporation will have or might have voting power by reason of the happening of any contingency) is at the time, directly or indirectly, Owned by the Company, and (ii) any partnership, limited liability company or other entity in which the Company has a direct or indirect interest (whether in the form of voting or participation in profits or capital contribution) of more than 50 . (rr) Ten Percent Stockholder means a person who Owns (or is deemed to Own pursuant to Section 424(d) of the Code) stock possessing more than 10 of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or any Affiliate. 
 21. 

</EX-10.11>

<EX-10.12>
 6
 tmb-20221231xex10d12.htm
 EX-10.12

Exhibit 10.12 CHIME TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 2021 Equity Incentive Plan OPTION AGREEMENT (INCENTIVE STOCK OPTION OR NONSTATUTORY STOCK OPTION) Pursuant to your Stock Option Grant Notice Grant Notice and this Option Agreement, Chime Technologies, Inc. (the Company has granted you an option under its 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan to purchase the number of shares of the Company s Common Stock indicated in your Grant Notice at the exercise price indicated in your Grant Notice. The option is granted to you effective as of the date of grant set forth in the Grant Notice (the Date of Grant ). If there is any conflict between the terms in this Option Agreement and the Plan, the terms of the Plan will control. Capitalized terms not explicitly defined in this Option Agreement or in the Grant Notice but defined in the Plan will have the same definitions as in the Plan. The details of your option, in addition to those set forth in the Grant Notice and the Plan, are as follows: 1. Vesting . Your option will vest as provided in your Grant Notice. Vesting will cease upon the termination of your Continuous Service. 2. Number of Shares and Exercise Price . The number of shares of Common Stock subject to your option and your exercise price per share in your Grant Notice will be adjusted for Capitalization Adjustments. 3. Exercise Restriction for Non-Exempt Employees . If you are an Employee eligible for overtime compensation under the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938, as amended (that is, a Non-Exempt Employee ), and except as otherwise provided in the Plan, you may not exercise your option until you have completed at least six months of Continuous Service measured from the Date of Grant, even if you have already been an employee for more than six months. Consistent with the provisions of the Worker Economic Opportunity Act, you may exercise your option as to any vested portion prior to such six month anniversary in the case of (i) your death or disability, (ii) a Corporate Transaction in which your option is not assumed, continued or substituted, (iii) a Change in Control or (iv) your termination of Continuous Service on your retirement (as defined in the Company s benefit plans). 4. Exercise prior to Vesting Early Exercise . If permitted in your Grant Notice i.e. , the Exercise Schedule indicates Early Exercise Permitted and subject to the provisions of your option, you may elect at any time that is both (i) during the period of your Continuous Service and (ii) during the term of your option, to exercise all or part of your option, including the unvested portion of your option; provided, however, that: (a) a partial exercise of your option will be deemed to cover first vested shares of Common Stock and then the earliest vesting installment of unvested shares of Common Stock; (b) any shares of Common Stock so purchased from installments that have not vested as of the date of exercise will be subject to the purchase option in favor of the Company as described in the Company s form of Early Exercise Stock Purchase Agreement; 
 1. 

(c) you will enter into the Company s form of Early Exercise Stock Purchase Agreement with a vesting schedule that will result in the same vesting as if no early exercise had occurred; and (d) if your option is an Incentive Stock Option, then, to the extent that the aggregate Fair Market Value (determined at the Date of Grant) of the shares of Common Stock with respect to which your option plus all other Incentive Stock Options you hold are exercisable for the first time by you during any calendar year (under all plans of the Company and its Affiliates) exceeds 100,000, your option(s) or portions thereof that exceed such limit (according to the order in which they were granted) will be treated as Nonstatutory Stock Options. 5. Method of Payment . You must pay the full amount of the exercise price for the shares you wish to exercise. The permitted methods of payment are as follows: (a) by cash, check, bank draft, electronic funds transfer or money order payable to the Company; (b) subject to Company and/or Board consent at the time of exercise and provided that at the time of exercise the Common Stock is publicly traded, pursuant to a program developed under Regulation T as promulgated by the Federal Reserve Board that, prior to the issuance of Common Stock, results in either the receipt of cash (or check) by the Company or the receipt of irrevocable instructions to pay the aggregate exercise price to the Company from the sales proceeds. This manner of payment is also known as a broker-assisted exercise , same day sale , or sell to cover (c) subject to Company and/or Board consent at the time of exercise and provided that at the time of exercise the Common Stock is publicly traded, by delivery to the Company (either by actual delivery or attestation) of already-owned shares of Common Stock that are owned free and clear of any liens, claims, encumbrances or security interests, and that are valued at Fair Market Value on the date of exercise. Delivery for these purposes, in the sole discretion of the Company at the time you exercise your option, will include delivery to the Company of your attestation of ownership of such shares of Common Stock in a form approved by the Company. You may not exercise your option by delivery to the Company of Common Stock if doing so would violate the provisions of any law, regulation or agreement restricting the redemption of the Company s stock; (d) subject to Company and/or Board consent at the time of exercise, and provided that the Option is a Nonstatutory Stock Option, by a net exercise arrangement pursuant to which the Company will reduce the number of shares of Common Stock issued upon exercise of the Option by the largest whole number of shares with a Fair Market Value that does not exceed the aggregate exercise price plus, to the extent permitted by the Company and/or Board at the time of exercise, the aggregate withholding obligations in respect of the Option exercise; provided, further that you must pay any remaining balance of the aggregate exercise price not satisfied by the net exercise in cash or other permitted form of payment. Shares of Common Stock will no longer be subject to the Option and will not be exercisable thereafter to the extent that (A) shares issuable upon exercise are used to pay the exercise price pursuant to the net exercise, (B) shares are delivered to you as a result of such exercise, and (C) shares are withheld to satisfy tax withholding obligations; (e) subject to the consent of the Company and/or Board at the time of exercise, according to a deferred payment or similar arrangement with you; provided, however , that interest will compound at least annually and will be charged at the minimum rate of interest necessary to avoid (A) the imputation of interest income to the Company and compensation income to the Optionholder under any 
 2. 

applicable provisions of the Code, and (B) the classification of the Option as a liability for financial accounting purposes; or (f) in any other form of legal consideration that may be acceptable to the Board. 6. Whole Shares . You may exercise your option only for whole shares of Common Stock. 7. Securities Law Compliance . In no event may you exercise your option unless the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise are then registered under the Securities Act or, if not registered, the Company has determined that your exercise and the issuance of the shares would be exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. The exercise of your option also must comply with all other applicable laws and regulations governing your option, and you may not exercise your option if the Company determines that such exercise would not be in material compliance with such laws and regulations (including any restrictions on exercise required for compliance with Treas. Reg. 1.401(k)-1(d)(3), if applicable). 8. Term . You may not exercise your option before the Date of Grant or after the expiration of the option s term. Except as set forth in your Grant Notice, the term of your option expires, subject to the provisions of Section 5(h) of the Plan, upon the earliest of the following: (a) immediately upon the termination of your Continuous Service for Cause; (b) three months after the termination of your Continuous Service for any reason other than Cause, your Disability or your death (except as otherwise provided in Section 8(d) below); provided, however, that if during any part of such three month period your option is not exercisable solely because of the condition set forth in the section above relating to Securities Law Compliance, your option will not expire until the earlier of the Expiration Date or until it has been exercisable for an aggregate period of three months after the termination of your Continuous Service; provided further, that if (i) you are a Non- Exempt Employee, (ii) your Continuous Service terminates within six months after the Date of Grant, and (iii) you have vested in a portion of your option at the time of your termination of Continuous Service, your option will not expire until the earlier of (x) the later of (A) the date that is seven months after the Date of Grant, and (B) the date that is three months after the termination of your Continuous Service, and (y) the Expiration Date; (c) 12 months after the termination of your Continuous Service due to your Disability (except as otherwise provided in Section 8(d)) below; (d) 18 months after your death if you die either during your Continuous Service or within three (3) months after your Continuous Service terminates for any reason other than Cause; (e) the Expiration Date indicated in your Grant Notice; or (f) the day before the 10th anniversary of the Date of Grant. If your option is an Incentive Stock Option, note that to obtain the federal income tax advantages associated with an Incentive Stock Option, the Code requires that at all times beginning on the Date of Grant and ending on the day three months before the date of your option s exercise, you must be an employee of the Company or an Affiliate, except in the event of your death or Disability. The Company has provided for extended exercisability of your option under certain circumstances for your benefit but cannot guarantee that your option will necessarily be treated as an Incentive Stock Option if you continue to provide services to the Company or an Affiliate as a Consultant or Director after your employment 
 3. 

terminates or if you otherwise exercise your option more than three months after the date your employment with the Company or an Affiliate terminates. 9. Exercise . (a) You may exercise the vested portion of your option (and the unvested portion of your option if your Grant Notice so permits) during its term by delivering a Notice of Exercise (in a form designated by the Company) together with the exercise price to the Secretary of the Company, or to such other person as the Company may designate, during regular business hours. If required by the Company, your exercise may be made contingent on your execution of any additional documents, to the extent requested by the Company, at any time and from time to time (including, without limitation, any agreements entered into with holders of capital stock of the Company, including without limitation a right of first refusal and co-sale agreement, stockholders agreement and/or a voting agreement). (b) By exercising your option you agree that, as a condition to any exercise of your option, the Company may require you to enter into an arrangement providing for the payment by you to the Company of any tax withholding obligation of the Company arising by reason of (i) the exercise of your option, (ii) the lapse of any substantial risk of forfeiture to which the shares of Common Stock are subject at the time of exercise, or (iii) the disposition of shares of Common Stock acquired upon such exercise. (c) If your option is an Incentive Stock Option, by exercising your option you agree that you will notify the Company in writing within 15 days after the date of any disposition of any of the shares of the Common Stock issued upon exercise of your option that occurs within two years after the Date of Grant or within one year after such shares of Common Stock are transferred upon exercise of your option. (d) By exercising your option you agree that you will not sell, dispose of, transfer, make any short sale of, grant any option for the purchase of, or enter into any hedging or similar transaction with the same economic effect as a sale with respect to any shares of Common Stock or other securities of the Company held by you, for a period of 180 days following the effective date of a registration statement of the Company filed under the Securities Act or such longer period as the underwriters or the Company will request to facilitate compliance with applicable FINRA rules (the Lock-Up Period provided, however , that nothing contained in this section will prevent the exercise of a repurchase option, if any, in favor of the Company during the Lock-Up Period. You further agree to execute and deliver such other agreements as may be reasonably requested by the Company or the underwriters that are consistent with the foregoing or that are necessary to give further effect thereto. In order to enforce the foregoing covenant, the Company may impose stop-transfer instructions with respect to your shares of Common Stock until the end of such period. You also agree that any transferee of any shares of Common Stock (or other securities) of the Company held by you will be bound by this Section 9(d). The underwriters of the Company s stock are intended third party beneficiaries of this Section 9(d) and will have the right, power and authority to enforce the provisions hereof as though they were a party hereto. You further agree that the obligations contained in this Section 9(d) shall also, if so determined by the Company s Board of Directors, apply in the Company s initial listing of its Common Stock on a national securities exchange by means of a registration statement on Form S-1 under the Securities Act (or any successor registration form under the Securities Act subsequently adopted by the Securities and Exchange Commission) filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission that registers shares of existing capital stock of the Company for resale (a Direct Listing ), provided that all holders of at least 5 of the Company s outstanding Common Stock (after giving effect to the conversion into Common Stock of any outstanding Preferred Stock of the Company) are subject to substantially similar obligations with respect to such Direct Listing. 
 4. 

10. Transferability . Except as otherwise provided in this Section 10, your option is not transferable and shall not be subjected to any lien (directly or indirectly, by operation of law, or otherwise, including execution, levy, garnishment, attachment, pledge or bankruptcy), except by will or by the laws of descent and distribution, and is exercisable during your life only by you. (a) Certain Trusts . Upon receiving written permission from the Board or its duly authorized designee, you may transfer your option to a trust if you are considered to be the sole beneficial owner (determined under Section 671 of the Code and applicable state law) while the option is held in the trust. You and the trustee must enter into transfer and other agreements required by the Company. (b) Domestic Relations Orders . Upon receiving written permission from the Board or its duly authorized designee, and provided that you and the designated transferee enter into transfer and other agreements required by the Company, you may transfer your option pursuant to the terms of a domestic relations order as defined in Section 414(p) of the Code, official marital settlement agreement or other divorce or separation instrument as permitted by Treasury Regulation 1.421-1(b)(2) that contains the information required by the Company to effectuate the transfer. You are encouraged to discuss the proposed terms of any division of this option with the Company prior to finalizing the domestic relations order or marital settlement agreement to help ensure the required information is contained within the domestic relations order or marital settlement agreement. If this option is an Incentive Stock Option, this option may be deemed to be a Nonstatutory Stock Option as a result of such transfer. Beneficiary Designation . Upon receiving written permission from the Board or its duly authorized designee, you may, by delivering written notice to the Company, in a form approved by the Company and any broker designated by the Company to handle option exercises, designate a third party who, on your death, will thereafter be entitled to exercise this option and receive the Common Stock or other consideration resulting from such exercise. In the absence of such a designation, your executor or administrator of your estate will be entitled to exercise this option and receive, on behalf of your estate, the Common Stock or other consideration resulting from such exercise. 11. Right of First Refusal . Shares of Common Stock that you acquire upon exercise of your option are subject to any right of first refusal that may be described in the Company s bylaws in effect at such time the Company elects to exercise its right; provided, however, that if there is no right of first refusal described in the Company s bylaws at such time, the right of first refusal described below will apply. The Company s right of first refusal will expire on the first date upon which any security of the Company is listed (or approved for listing) upon notice of issuance on a national securities exchange or quotation system (the Listing Date ). (a) Prior to the Listing Date, you may not validly Transfer (as defined below) any shares of Common Stock acquired upon exercise of your option, or any interest in such shares, unless such Transfer is made in compliance with the following provisions: (i) Before there can be a valid Transfer of any shares of Common Stock or any interest therein, the record holder of the shares of Common Stock to be transferred (the Offered Shares will give written notice (by registered or certified mail) to the Company. Such notice will specify the identity of the proposed transferee, the cash price offered for the Offered Shares by the proposed transferee (or, if the proposed Transfer is one in which the holder will not receive cash, such as an involuntary transfer, gift, donation or pledge, the holder will state that no purchase price is being proposed), and the other terms and conditions of the proposed Transfer. The date such notice is mailed will be hereinafter referred to as the Notice Date and the record holder of the Offered Shares will be hereinafter 
 5. 

referred to as the Offeror . If, from time to time, there is any stock dividend, stock split or other change in the character or amount of any of the outstanding Common Stock which is subject to the provisions of your option, then in such event any and all new, substituted or additional securities to which you are entitled by reason of your ownership of the shares of Common Stock acquired upon exercise of your option will be immediately subject to the Company s Right of First Refusal (as defined below) with the same force and effect as the shares subject to the Right of First Refusal immediately before such event. (ii) For a period of 30 calendar days after the Notice Date, or such longer period as may be required to avoid the classification of your option as a liability for financial accounting purposes, the Company will have the option to purchase all (but not less than all) of the Offered Shares at the purchase price and on the terms set forth in Section 11(a)(iii) (the Company s Right of First Refusal ). In the event that the proposed Transfer is one involving no payment of a purchase price, the purchase price will be deemed to be the Fair Market Value of the Offered Shares as determined in good faith by the Board in its discretion. The Company may exercise its Right of First Refusal by mailing (by registered or certified mail) written notice of exercise of its Right of First Refusal to the Offeror prior to the end of said 30 days (including any extension required to avoid classification of the option as a liability for financial accounting purposes). (iii) The price at which the Company may purchase the Offered Shares pursuant to the exercise of its Right of First Refusal will be the cash price offered for the Offered Shares by the proposed transferee (as set forth in the notice required under Section 11(a)(i)), or the Fair Market Value as determined by the Board in the event no purchase price is involved. To the extent consideration other than cash is offered by the proposed transferee, the Company will not be required to pay any additional amounts to the Offeror other than the cash price offered (or the Fair Market Value, if applicable). The Company s notice of exercise of its Right of First Refusal will be accompanied by full payment for the Offered Shares and, upon such payment by the Company, the Company will acquire full right, title and interest to all of the Offered Shares. (iv) If, and only if, the option given pursuant to Section 11(a)(ii) is not exercised, the Transfer proposed in the notice given pursuant to Section 11(a)(i) may take place; provided, however , that such Transfer must, in all respects, be exactly as proposed in said notice except that such Transfer may not take place either before the 10 th calendar day after the expiration of the 30 day option exercise period or after the ninetieth 90 th calendar day after the expiration of the 30 day option exercise period, and if such Transfer has not taken place prior to said 90 th day, such Transfer may not take place without once again complying with this Section 11(a). The option exercise periods in this Section 11(a)(iv) will be adjusted to include any extension required to avoid the classification of your option as a liability for financial accounting purposes. (b) As used in this Section 11, the term Transfer means any sale, encumbrance, pledge, gift or other form of disposition or transfer of shares of Common Stock or any legal or equitable interest therein; provided, however , that the term Transfer does not include a transfer of such shares or interests by will or intestacy to your Immediate Family (as defined below). In such case, the transferee or other recipient will receive and hold the shares of Common Stock so transferred subject to the provisions of this Section, and there will be no further transfer of such shares except in accordance with the terms of this Section 11. As used herein, the term Immediate Family will mean your spouse, the lineal descendant or antecedent, father, mother, brother or sister, child, adopted child, grandchild or adopted grandchild of you or your spouse, or the spouse of any child, adopted child, grandchild or adopted grandchild of you or your spouse. (c) None of the shares of Common Stock purchased on exercise of your option will be transferred on the Company s books nor will the Company recognize any such Transfer of any such shares 
 6. 

or any interest therein unless and until all applicable provisions of this Section 11 have been complied with in all respects. The certificates of stock evidencing shares of Common Stock purchased on exercise of your option will bear an appropriate legend referring to the transfer restrictions imposed by this Section 11. (d) To ensure that the shares subject to the Company s Right of First Refusal will be available for repurchase by the Company, the Company may require you to deposit the certificates evidencing the shares that you purchase upon exercise of your option with an escrow agent designated by the Company under the terms and conditions of an escrow agreement approved by the Company. If the Company does not require such deposit as a condition of exercise of your option, the Company reserves the right at any time to require you to so deposit the certificates in escrow. As soon as practicable after the expiration of the Company s Right of First Refusal, the agent will deliver to you the shares and any other property no longer subject to such restriction. In the event the shares and any other property held in escrow are subject to the Company s exercise of its Right of First Refusal, the notices required to be given to you will be given to the escrow agent, and any payment required to be given to you will be given to the escrow agent. Within 30 days after payment by the Company for the Offered Shares, the escrow agent will deliver the Offered Shares that the Company has repurchased to the Company and will deliver the payment received from the Company to you. 12. Option not a Service Contract . Your option is not an employment or service contract, and nothing in your option will be deemed to create in any way whatsoever any obligation on your part to continue in the employ of the Company or an Affiliate, or of the Company or an Affiliate to continue your employment. In addition, nothing in your option will obligate the Company or an Affiliate, their respective stockholders, boards of directors, officers or employees to continue any relationship that you might have as a Director or Consultant for the Company or an Affiliate. 13. Withholding Obligations . (a) At the time you exercise your option, in whole or in part, and at any time thereafter as requested by the Company, you hereby authorize withholding from payroll and any other amounts payable to you, and otherwise agree to make adequate provision for (including by means of a same day sale pursuant to a program developed under Regulation T as promulgated by the Federal Reserve Board to the extent permitted by the Company), any sums required to satisfy the federal, state, local and foreign tax withholding obligations of the Company or an Affiliate, if any, which arise in connection with the exercise of your option. (b) If this option is a Nonstatutory Stock Option, then upon your request and subject to approval by the Company, and compliance with any applicable legal conditions or restrictions, the Company may withhold from fully vested shares of Common Stock otherwise issuable to you upon the exercise of your option a number of whole shares of Common Stock having a Fair Market Value, determined by the Company as of the date of exercise, not in excess of the minimum amount of tax required to be withheld by law (or such lower amount as may be necessary to avoid classification of your option as a liability for financial accounting purposes). If the date of determination of any tax withholding obligation is deferred to a date later than the date of exercise of your option, share withholding pursuant to the preceding sentence will not be permitted unless you make a proper and timely election under Section 83(b) of the Code, covering the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock acquired upon such exercise with respect to which such determination is otherwise deferred, to accelerate the determination of such tax withholding obligation to the date of exercise of your option. Notwithstanding the filing of such election, shares of Common Stock will be withheld solely from fully vested shares of Common Stock determined as of the date of exercise of your option that are otherwise issuable to you upon such exercise. Any adverse consequences to you arising in connection with such share withholding procedure will be your sole responsibility. 
 7. 

(c) You may not exercise your option unless the tax withholding obligations of the Company and/or any Affiliate are satisfied. Accordingly, you may not be able to exercise your option when desired even though your option is vested, and the Company will have no obligation to issue a certificate for such shares of Common Stock or release such shares of Common Stock from any escrow provided for herein, if applicable, unless such obligations are satisfied. 14. Tax Consequences . You hereby agree that the Company does not have a duty to design or administer the Plan or its other compensation programs in a manner that minimizes your tax liabilities. You will not make any claim against the Company, or any of its Officers, Directors, Employees or Affiliates related to tax liabilities arising from your option or your other compensation. In particular, you acknowledge that this option is exempt from Section 409A of the Code only if the exercise price per share specified in the Grant Notice is at least equal to the fair market value per share of the Common Stock on the Date of Grant and there is no other impermissible deferral of compensation associated with the option. Because the Common Stock is not traded on an established securities market, the Fair Market Value is determined by the Board, perhaps in consultation with an independent valuation firm retained by the Company. You acknowledge that there is no guarantee that the Internal Revenue Service will agree with the valuation as determined by the Board, and you will not make any claim against the Company, or any of its Officers, Directors, Employees or Affiliates in the event that the Internal Revenue Service asserts that the valuation determined by the Board is less than the fair market value as subsequently determined by the Internal Revenue Service. 15. Notices . Any notices provided for in your option or the Plan will be given in writing (including electronically) and will be deemed effectively given upon receipt or, in the case of notices delivered by mail by the Company to you, five days after deposit in the United States mail, postage prepaid, addressed to you at the last address you provided to the Company. The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to participation in the Plan and this option by electronic means or to request your consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means. By accepting this option, you consent to receive such documents by electronic delivery and to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or another third party designated by the Company. Governing Plan Document . Your option is subject to all the provisions of the Plan, the provisions of which are hereby made a part of your option, and is further subject to all interpretations, amendments, rules and regulations, which may from time to time be promulgated and adopted pursuant to the Plan. If there is any conflict between the provisions of your option and those of the Plan, the provisions of the Plan will control. a. Noncompetition. You agree that, for a period of two (2) years (or, if a court of competent jurisdiction deems this period overly broad, then one (1) year, or if that is also deemed overly broad by a court of competent jurisdiction then six (6) months) following termination of your Continuous Service: You will not accept or take any part in an employee, consultant or independent contractor position with or start-up, own, or operate any business, entity, or individual that competes with Chime Technologies, Inc. business that is related to or involves any of the services you provided while employed by Chime Technologies, Inc. or that would involve the use of any Chime Technologies, Inc. confidential or trade secret information. Because Chime Technologies, Inc. is a nationwide platform, this restriction applies throughout the United States, but if the United States is deemed by a court of competent jurisdiction to be overly broad, then each state within the United States in or through which you performed 
 8. 

services or attempted to perform services on behalf of Chime Technologies, Inc. within the last two years of your employment. b. You will not directly or indirectly solicit or contact any current or prospective customer or supplier of Chime Technologies, Inc. with which you had material business contact during the last two years of your employment for the purposes of: (a) selling or attempting to sell any product or service that is substantially similar to or substitutable for the produces and services offered by Chime Technologies, Inc.; or (b) inducing or attempting to induce any such customer or supplier to divert, terminate, limit, modify or fail to enter into any existing or potential business relationship with Chime Technologies, Inc. c. You will not directly or indirectly, or in coordination with in support of others, solicit or encourage any Chime Technologies, Inc. employee to end their employment with Chime Technologies, Inc. 16. Choice of Law. The laws of the State of Delaware will govern all questions concerning the construction, validity and interpretation of this Option Agreement, without regard to that state s conflict of laws rules. Chime Technologies, Inc. Option holder: . By: By: (Signature) (Signature) Title: Chief Executive Officer 
 
 9. 

</EX-10.12>

<EX-10.13>
 7
 tmb-20221231xex10d13.htm
 EX-10.13

Exhibit 10.13 CHIME TECHNOLOGIES, INC. RESTRICTED SHARE UNIT AGREEMENT Pursuant to your Restricted Share Unit (RSU) Grant Notice (the Grant Notice and this Restricted Share Unit Agreement (the RSU Agreement ), Chime Technologies, Inc. (the Company has awarded you, in consideration for your past or future services actually or to be rendered to the Company, the number of shares of the Company s Common Stock indicated in your Grant Notice indicated in your Grant Notice (the Award ). The Award is granted to you effective as of the date of grant set forth in the Grant Notice (the Date of Grant ). If there is any conflict between the terms in this RSU Agreement and the Plan, the terms of the Plan will control. Capitalized terms not explicitly defined in this RSU Agreement or in the Grant Notice but defined in the Plan will have the same definitions as in the Plan. The details of your RSU, in addition to those set forth in the Grant Notice and the Plan, are as follows: 1. Vesting . Your RSU will vest as provided in your Grant Notice. Vesting will cease upon the termination of your Continuous Service. 2. Transferability . Except as otherwise provided in this Section 10, your RSU is not transferable and shall not be subjected to any lien (directly or indirectly, by operation of law, or otherwise, including execution, levy, garnishment, attachment, pledge or bankruptcy), except by will or by the laws of descent and distribution, and is exercisable during your life only by you. (a) Certain Trusts . Upon receiving written permission from the Board or its duly authorized designee, you may transfer your RSU to a trust if you are considered to be the sole beneficial owner (determined under Section 671 of the Code and applicable state law) while the RSU is held in the trust. You and the trustee must enter into transfer and other agreements required by the Company. (b) Domestic Relations Orders . Upon receiving written permission from the Board or its duly authorized designee, and provided that you and the designated transferee enter into transfer and other agreements required by the Company, you may transfer your RSU pursuant to the terms of a domestic relations order as defined in Section 414(p) of the Code, official marital settlement agreement or other divorce or separation instrument as permitted by Treasury Regulation 1.421-1(b)(2) that contains the information required by the Company to effectuate the transfer. You are encouraged to discuss the proposed terms of any division of this RSU with the Company prior to finalizing the domestic relations order or marital settlement agreement to help ensure the required information is contained within the domestic relations order or marital settlement agreement. Beneficiary Designation . Upon receiving written permission from the Board or its duly authorized designee, you may, by delivering written notice to the Company, in a form approved by the Company and any broker designated by the Company to handle RSU, designate a third party who, on your death, will thereafter be entitled to receive the Common Stock. In the absence of such a designation, your executor or administrator of your estate will be entitled to receive, on behalf of your estate, the Common Stock. 3. Right of First Refusal . Shares of Common Stock that you acquire upon vesting of your RSU are subject to any right of first refusal that may be described in the Company s bylaws in effect at such time the Company elects to exercise its right; provided, however, that if there is no right of first refusal described in the Company s bylaws at such time, the right of first refusal described below will apply. The Company s right of first refusal will expire on the first date upon which any security of the Company is 
 1. 

listed (or approved for listing) upon notice of issuance on a national securities exchange or quotation system (the Listing Date ). (a) Prior to the Listing Date, you may not validly Transfer (as defined below) any shares of Common Stock acquired upon vesting of your RSU, or any interest in such shares, unless such Transfer is made in compliance with the following provisions: (i) Before there can be a valid Transfer of any shares of Common Stock or any interest therein, the record holder of the shares of Common Stock to be transferred (the Offered Shares will give written notice (by registered or certified mail) to the Company. Such notice will specify the identity of the proposed transferee, the cash price offered for the Offered Shares by the proposed transferee (or, if the proposed Transfer is one in which the holder will not receive cash, such as an involuntary transfer, gift, donation or pledge, the holder will state that no purchase price is being proposed), and the other terms and conditions of the proposed Transfer. The date such notice is mailed will be hereinafter referred to as the Notice Date and the record holder of the Offered Shares will be hereinafter referred to as the Offeror . If, from time to time, there is any stock dividend, stock split or other change in the character or amount of any of the outstanding Common Stock which is subject to the provisions of your RSU, then in such event any and all new, substituted or additional securities to which you are entitled by reason of your ownership of the shares of Common Stock acquired upon vesting of your RSU will be immediately subject to the Company s Right of First Refusal (as defined below) with the same force and effect as the shares subject to the Right of First Refusal immediately before such event. (ii) For a period of 30 calendar days after the Notice Date, or such longer period as may be required to avoid the classification of your RSU as a liability for financial accounting purposes, the Company will have the option to purchase all (but not less than all) of the Offered Shares at the purchase price and on the terms set forth in Section 3(a)(iii) (the Company s Right of First Refusal ). In the event that the proposed Transfer is one involving no payment of a purchase price, the purchase price will be deemed to be the Fair Market Value of the Offered Shares as determined in good faith by the Board in its discretion. The Company may exercise its Right of First Refusal by mailing (by registered or certified mail) written notice of exercise of its Right of First Refusal to the Offeror prior to the end of said 30 days (including any extension required to avoid classification of the RSU as a liability for financial accounting purposes). (iii) The price at which the Company may purchase the Offered Shares pursuant to the exercise of its Right of First Refusal will be the cash price offered for the Offered Shares by the proposed transferee (as set forth in the notice required under Section 3(a)(i)), or the Fair Market Value as determined by the Board in the event no purchase price is involved. To the extent consideration other than cash is offered by the proposed transferee, the Company will not be required to pay any additional amounts to the Offeror other than the cash price offered (or the Fair Market Value, if applicable). The Company s notice of exercise of its Right of First Refusal will be accompanied by full payment for the Offered Shares and, upon such payment by the Company, the Company will acquire full right, title and interest to all of the Offered Shares. (iv) If, and only if, the option given pursuant to Section 3(a)(ii) is not exercised, the Transfer proposed in the notice given pursuant to Section 3(a)(i) may take place; provided, however , that such Transfer must, in all respects, be exactly as proposed in said notice except that such Transfer may not take place either before the 10 th calendar day after the expiration of the 30 day option exercise period or after the ninetieth 90 th calendar day after the expiration of the 30 day option exercise period, and if such Transfer has not taken place prior to said 90 th day, such Transfer may not take place without once again complying with this Section 3(a). The option exercise periods in this Section 3(a)(iv) will be adjusted to include any extension required to avoid the classification of your option as a liability for financial accounting purposes. 
 2. 

(b) As used in this Section 3, the term Transfer means any sale, encumbrance, pledge, gift or other form of disposition or transfer of shares of Common Stock or any legal or equitable interest therein; provided, however , that the term Transfer does not include a transfer of such shares or interests by will or intestacy to your Immediate Family (as defined below). In such case, the transferee or other recipient will receive and hold the shares of Common Stock so transferred subject to the provisions of this Section, and there will be no further transfer of such shares except in accordance with the terms of this Section 3. As used herein, the term Immediate Family will mean your spouse, the lineal descendant or antecedent, father, mother, brother or sister, child, adopted child, grandchild or adopted grandchild of you or your spouse, or the spouse of any child, adopted child, grandchild or adopted grandchild of you or your spouse. (c) None of the shares of Common Stock purchased on vesting of your RSU will be transferred on the Company s books nor will the Company recognize any such Transfer of any such shares or any interest therein unless and until all applicable provisions of this Section 11 have been complied with in all respects. The certificates of stock evidencing shares of Common Stock purchased on vesting of your RSU will bear an appropriate legend referring to the transfer restrictions imposed by this Section 3. (d) To ensure that the shares subject to the Company s Right of First Refusal will be available for repurchase by the Company, the Company may require you to deposit the certificates evidencing the shares that you acquire upon vesting of your RSU with an escrow agent designated by the Company under the terms and conditions of an escrow agreement approved by the Company. If the Company does not require such deposit as a condition of vesting of your RSU, the Company reserves the right at any time to require you to so deposit the certificates in escrow. As soon as practicable after the expiration of the Company s Right of First Refusal, the agent will deliver to you the shares and any other property no longer subject to such restriction. In the event the shares and any other property held in escrow are subject to the Company s exercise of its Right of First Refusal, the notices required to be given to you will be given to the escrow agent, and any payment required to be given to you will be given to the escrow agent. Within 30 days after payment by the Company for the Offered Shares, the escrow agent will deliver the Offered Shares that the Company has repurchased to the Company and will deliver the payment received from the Company to you. 4. RSU not a Service Contract . Your RSU is not an employment or service contract, and nothing in your RSU will be deemed to create in any way whatsoever any obligation on your part to continue in the employ of the Company or an Affiliate, or of the Company or an Affiliate to continue your employment. In addition, nothing in your RSU will obligate the Company or an Affiliate, their respective stockholders, boards of directors, officers or employees to continue any relationship that you might have as a Director or Consultant for the Company or an Affiliate. 5. Withholding Obligations . At the time your RSU vests, in whole or in part, and at any time thereafter as requested by the Company, you hereby authorize withholding from payroll and any other amounts payable to you, and otherwise agree to make adequate provision for (including by means of a same day sale pursuant to a program developed under Regulation T as promulgated by the Federal Reserve Board to the extent permitted by the Company), any sums required to satisfy the federal, state, local and foreign tax withholding obligations of the Company or an Affiliate, if any, which arise in connection with the vesting of your RSU. 6. Tax Consequences . You hereby agree that the Company does not have a duty to design or administer the Plan or its other compensation programs in a manner that minimizes your tax liabilities. You will not make any claim against the Company, or any of its Officers, Directors, Employees or Affiliates related to tax liabilities arising from your RSU or your other compensation. If the Common Stock is not traded on an established securities market, the Fair Market Value would determined by the Board, perhaps in consultation with an independent valuation firm retained by the Company. You acknowledge that there is no guarantee that the Internal Revenue Service will agree with the valuation as determined by the Board, 
 3. 

and you will not make any claim against the Company, or any of its Officers, Directors, Employees or Affiliates in the event that the Internal Revenue Service asserts that the valuation determined by the Board is less than the fair market value as subsequently determined by the Internal Revenue Service. 7. Notices . Any notices provided for in your RSU or the Plan will be given in writing (including electronically) and will be deemed effectively given upon receipt or, in the case of notices delivered by mail by the Company to you, five days after deposit in the United States mail, postage prepaid, addressed to you at the last address you provided to the Company. The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to participation in the Plan and this RSU by electronic means or to request your consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means. By accepting this RSU, you consent to receive such documents by electronic delivery and to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or another third party designated by the Company. Governing Plan Document . Your RSU is subject to all the provisions of the Plan, the provisions of which are hereby made a part of your RSU, and is further subject to all interpretations, amendments, rules and regulations, which may from time to time be promulgated and adopted pursuant to the Plan. If there is any conflict between the provisions of your RSU and those of the Plan, the provisions of the Plan will control. a. Noncompetition. You agree that, for a period of two (2) years (or, if a court of competent jurisdiction deems this period overly broad, then one (1) year, or if that is also deemed overly broad by a court of competent jurisdiction then six (6) months) following termination of your Continuous Service: You will not accept or take any part in an employee, consultant or independent contractor position with or start-up, own, or operate any business, entity, or individual that competes with the Company. business that is related to or involves any of the services you provided while employed by the Company or that would involve the use of any confidential or trade secret information of the Company. Because the Company is a nationwide platform, this restriction applies throughout the United States, but if the United States is deemed by a court of competent jurisdiction to be overly broad, then each state within the United States in or through which you performed services or attempted to perform services on behalf of the Company. within the last two years of your employment. b. You will not directly or indirectly solicit or contact any current or prospective customer or supplier of the Company with which you had material business contact during the last two years of your employment for the purposes of: (a) selling or attempting to sell any product or service that is substantially similar to or substitutable for the produces and services offered by the Company; or (b) inducing or attempting to induce any such customer or supplier to divert, terminate, limit, modify or fail to enter into any existing or potential business relationship with the Company. c. You will not directly or indirectly, or in coordination with in support of others, solicit or encourage any employee of the Company to end their employment with the Company. 8. Choice of Law. The laws of the State of Delaware will govern all questions concerning the construction, validity and interpretation of this RSU Agreement, without regard to that state s conflict of laws rules. 
 4. 

Chime Technologies, Inc. RSU holder: . By: By: (Signature) (Signature) Title: Chief Executive Officer 
 
 5. 

</EX-10.13>

<EX-10.14>
 8
 tmb-20221231xex10d14.htm
 EX-10.14

Exhibit 10.14 TRUCKER PATH, INC. 2020 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 1. General . (a) Eligible Stock Award Recipients . Employees, Directors and Consultants are eligible to receive Stock Awards. (b) Available Stock Awards . The Plan provides for the grant of the following types of Stock Awards: (i) Incentive Stock Options, (ii) Nonstatutory Stock Options, (iii) Stock Appreciation Rights, (iv) Restricted Stock Awards, (v) Restricted Stock Unit Awards and (vi) Other Stock Awards (c) Purpose . The Plan, through the grant of Stock Awards, is intended to help the Company secure and retain the services of eligible award recipients, provide incentives for such persons to exert maximum efforts for the success of the Company and any Affiliate and provide a means by which the eligible recipients may benefit from increases in value of the Common Stock. 2. Administration . (a) Administration by the Board . The Board will administer the Plan. The Board may delegate administration of the Plan to a Committee or Committees, as provided in Section 2(c). (b) Powers of the Board . The Board will have the power, subject to, and within the limitations of, the express provisions of the Plan: (i) To determine (A) who will be granted Stock Awards; (B) when and how each Stock Award will be granted; (C) what type of Stock Award will be granted; (D) the provisions of each Stock Award (which need not be identical), including when a person will be permitted to exercise or otherwise receive cash or Common Stock under the Stock Award; (E) the number of shares of Common Stock subject to, or the cash value of, a Stock Award; and (F) the Fair Market Value applicable to a Stock Award. (ii) To construe and interpret the Plan and Stock Awards granted under it, and to establish, amend and revoke rules and regulations for administration of the Plan and Stock Awards. The Board, in the exercise of these powers, may correct any defect, omission or inconsistency in the Plan or in any Stock Award Agreement, in a manner and to the extent it will deem necessary or expedient to make the Plan or Stock Award fully effective. (iii) To settle all controversies regarding the Plan and Stock Awards granted under it. (iv) To accelerate, in whole or in part, the time at which a Stock Award may be exercised or vest (or the time at which cash or shares of Common Stock may be issued in settlement thereof). 
 1. 

(v) To suspend or terminate the Plan at any time. Except as otherwise provided in the Plan or a Stock Award Agreement, suspension or termination of the Plan will not impair a Participant s rights under the Participant s then-outstanding Stock Award without the Participant s written consent except as provided in subsection (viii) below. (vi) To amend the Plan in any respect the Board deems necessary or advisable, including, without limitation, by adopting amendments relating to Incentive Stock Options and certain nonqualified deferred compensation under Section 409A of the Code and/or bringing the Plan or Stock Awards granted under the Plan into compliance with the requirements for Incentive Stock Options or ensuring that they are exempt from, or compliant with, the requirements for nonqualified deferred compensation under Section 409A of the Code, subject to the limitations, if any, of applicable law. If required by applicable law or listing requirements, and except as provided in Section 9(a) relating to Capitalization Adjustments, the Company will seek stockholder approval of any amendment of the Plan that (A) materially increases the number of shares of Common Stock available for issuance under the Plan, (B) materially expands the class of individuals eligible to receive Stock Awards under the Plan, (C) materially increases the benefits accruing to Participants under the Plan, (D) materially reduces the price at which shares of Common Stock may be issued or purchased under the Plan, (E) materially extends the term of the Plan, or (F) materially expands the types of Stock Awards available for issuance under the Plan. Except as otherwise provided in the Plan or a Stock Award Agreement, no amendment of the Plan will materially impair a Participant s rights under an outstanding Stock Award without the Participant s written consent. (vii) To submit any amendment to the Plan for stockholder approval, including, but not limited to, amendments to the Plan intended to satisfy the requirements of Section 422 of the Code regarding Incentive Stock Options. (viii) To approve forms of Stock Award Agreements for use under the Plan and to amend the terms of any one or more Stock Awards, including, but not limited to, amendments to provide terms more favorable to the Participant than previously provided in the Stock Award Agreement, subject to any specified limits in the Plan that are not subject to Board discretion; provided however, that a Participant s rights under any Stock Award will not be impaired by any such amendment unless (A) the Company requests the consent of the affected Participant, and (B) such Participant consents in writing. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (1) a Participant s rights will not be deemed to have been impaired by any such amendment if the Board, in its sole discretion, determines that the amendment, taken as a whole, does not materially impair the Participant s rights, and (2) subject to the limitations of applicable law, if any, the Board may amend the terms of any one or more Stock Awards without the affected Participant s consent (A) to maintain the qualified status of the Stock Award as an Incentive Stock Option under Section 422 of the Code; (B) to change the terms of an Incentive Stock Option, if such change results in impairment of the Stock Award solely because it impairs the qualified status of the Stock Award as an Incentive Stock Option under Section 422 of the Code; (C) to clarify the manner of exemption from, or to bring the Stock Award into compliance with, Section 409A of the Code; or (D) to comply with other applicable laws. (ix) Generally, to exercise such powers and to perform such acts as the Board deems necessary or expedient to promote the best interests of the Company and that are not in conflict with the provisions of the Plan or Stock Awards. (x) To adopt such procedures and sub-plans as are necessary or appropriate to permit participation in the Plan by Employees, Directors or Consultants who are foreign nationals or employed outside the United States (provided that Board approval will not be necessary for immaterial modifications 
 2. 

to the Plan or any Stock Award Agreement that are required for compliance with the laws of the relevant foreign jurisdiction). (xi) To effect, with the consent of any adversely affected Participant, (A) the reduction of the exercise, purchase or strike price of any outstanding Stock Award; (B) the cancellation of any outstanding Stock Award and the grant in substitution therefor of a new (1) Option or SAR, (2) Restricted Stock Award, (3) Restricted Stock Unit Award, (4) Other Stock Award, (5) cash and/or (6) other valuable consideration determined by the Board, in its sole discretion, with any such substituted award (x) covering the same or a different number of shares of Common Stock as the cancelled Stock Award and (y) granted under the Plan or another equity or compensatory plan of the Company; or (C) any other action that is treated as a repricing under generally accepted accounting principles. (c) Delegation to Committee . The Board may delegate some or all of the administration of the Plan to a Committee or Committees. If administration of the Plan is delegated to a Committee, the Committee will have, in connection with the administration of the Plan, the powers theretofore possessed by the Board that have been delegated to the Committee, including the power to delegate to a subcommittee of the Committee any of the administrative powers the Committee is authorized to exercise (and references in this Plan to the Board will thereafter be to the Committee or subcommittee, as applicable). Any delegation of administrative powers will be reflected in resolutions, not inconsistent with the provisions of the Plan, adopted from time to time by the Board or Committee (as applicable). The Board may retain the authority to concurrently administer the Plan with the Committee and may, at any time, revest in the Board some or all of the powers previously delegated. (d) Delegation to an Officer . The Board may delegate to one or more Officers the authority to do one or both of the following: (i) designate Employees who are not Officers to be recipients of Options and SARs (and, to the extent permitted by applicable law, other Stock Awards) and, to the extent permitted by applicable law, the terms of such Stock Awards, and (ii) determine the number of shares of Common Stock to be subject to such Stock Awards granted to such Employees; provided, however , that the Board resolutions regarding such delegation will specify the total number of shares of Common Stock that may be subject to the Stock Awards granted by such Officer and that such Officer may not grant a Stock Award to himself or herself. Any such Stock Awards will be granted on the form of Stock Award Agreement most recently approved for use by the Committee or the Board, unless otherwise provided in the resolutions approving the delegation authority. The Board may not delegate authority to an Officer who is acting solely in the capacity of an Officer (and not also as a Director) to determine the Fair Market Value pursuant to Section 13(t) below. (e) Effect of Board s Decision . All determinations, interpretations and constructions made by the Board in good faith will not be subject to review by any person and will be final, binding and conclusive on all persons. 3. Shares Subject to the Plan . (a) Share Reserve . (i) Subject to Section 9(a) relating to Capitalization Adjustments, the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock that may be issued pursuant to Stock Awards from and after the Effective Date will not exceed 30,000,000 shares (the Share Reserve ). 
 3. 

(ii) For clarity, the Share Reserve in this Section 3(a) is a limitation on the number of shares of Common Stock that may be issued pursuant to the Plan. Accordingly, this Section 3(a) does not limit the granting of Stock Awards except as provided in Section 7(a). (b) Reversion of Shares to the Share Reserve . If a Stock Award or any portion thereof (i) expires or otherwise terminates without all of the shares covered by such Stock Award having been issued or (ii) is settled in cash i.e. , the Participant receives cash rather than stock), such expiration, termination or settlement will not reduce (or otherwise offset) the number of shares of Common Stock that may be available for issuance under the Plan. If any shares of Common Stock issued pursuant to a Stock Award are forfeited back to or repurchased by the Company because of the failure to meet a contingency or condition required to vest such shares in the Participant, then the shares that are forfeited or repurchased will revert to and again become available for issuance under the Plan. Any shares reacquired by the Company in satisfaction of tax withholding obligations on a Stock Award or as consideration for the exercise or purchase price of a Stock Award will again become available for issuance under the Plan. (c) Incentive Stock Option Limit . Subject to the Share Reserve and Section 9(a) relating to Capitalization Adjustments, the aggregate maximum number of shares of Common Stock that may be issued pursuant to the exercise of Incentive Stock Options will be a number of shares of Common Stock equal to three multiplied by the Share Reserve. (d) Source of Shares . The stock issuable under the Plan will be shares of authorized but unissued or reacquired Common Stock, including shares repurchased by the Company on the open market or otherwise. 4. Eligibility . (a) Eligibility for Specific Stock Awards . Incentive Stock Options may be granted only to employees of the Company or a parent corporation or subsidiary corporation thereof (as such terms are defined in Sections 424(e) and 424(f) of the Code). Stock Awards other than Incentive Stock Options may be granted to Employees, Directors and Consultants; provided, however , that Stock Awards may not be granted to Employees, Directors and Consultants who are providing Continuous Service only to any parent of the Company, as such term is defined in Rule 405, unless (i) the stock underlying such Stock Awards is treated as service recipient stock under Section 409A of the Code (for example, because the Stock Awards are granted pursuant to a corporate transaction such as a spin off transaction), (ii) the Company, in consultation with its legal counsel, has determined that such Stock Awards are otherwise exempt from Section 409A of the Code, or (iii) the Company, in consultation with its legal counsel, has determined that such Stock Awards comply with the distribution requirements of Section 409A of the Code. (b) Ten Percent Stockholders . A Ten Percent Stockholder will not be granted an Incentive Stock Option unless the exercise price of such Option is at least 110 of the Fair Market Value on the date of grant and the Option is not exercisable after the expiration of five years from the date of grant. (c) Consultants . A Consultant will not be eligible for the grant of a Stock Award if, at the time of grant, either the offer or sale of the Company s securities to such Consultant is not exempt under Rule 701 because of the nature of the services that the Consultant is providing to the Company, because the Consultant is not a natural person, or because of any other provision of Rule 701, unless the Company determines that such grant need not comply with the requirements of Rule 701 and will satisfy another exemption under the Securities Act as well as comply with the securities laws of all other relevant jurisdictions . 
 4. 

5. Provisions Relating to Options and Stock Appreciation Rights . Each Option or SAR will be in such form and will contain such terms and conditions as the Board deems appropriate. All Options will be separately designated Incentive Stock Options or Nonstatutory Stock Options at the time of grant, and, if certificates are issued, a separate certificate or certificates will be issued for shares of Common Stock purchased on exercise of each type of Option. If an Option is not specifically designated as an Incentive Stock Option, or if an Option is designated as an Incentive Stock Option but some portion or all of the Option fails to qualify as an Incentive Stock Option under the applicable rules, then the Option (or portion thereof) will be a Nonstatutory Stock Option. The provisions of separate Options or SARs need not be identical; provided, however , that each Stock Award Agreement will conform to (through incorporation of provisions hereof by reference in the applicable Stock Award Agreement or otherwise) the substance of each of the following provisions: (a) Term . Subject to the provisions of Section 4(b) regarding Ten Percent Stockholders, no Option or SAR will be exercisable after the expiration of 10 years from the date of its grant or such shorter period specified in the Stock Award Agreement. (b) Exercise Price . Subject to the provisions of Section 4(b) regarding Ten Percent Stockholders, the exercise or strike price of each Option or SAR will be not less than 100 of the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock subject to the Option or SAR on the date the Stock Award is granted. Notwithstanding the foregoing, an Option or SAR may be granted with an exercise or strike price lower than 100 of the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock subject to the Stock Award if such Stock Award is granted pursuant to an assumption of or substitution for another option or stock appreciation right pursuant to a Corporate Transaction and in a manner consistent with the provisions of Section 409A of the Code and, if applicable, Section 424(a) of the Code. Each SAR will be denominated in shares of Common Stock equivalents. (c) Purchase Price for Options . The purchase price of Common Stock acquired pursuant to the exercise of an Option may be paid, to the extent permitted by applicable law and as determined by the Board in its sole discretion, by any combination of the methods of payment set forth below. The Board will have the authority to grant Options that do not permit all of the following methods of payment (or otherwise restrict the ability to use certain methods) and to grant Options that require the consent of the Company to use a particular method of payment. The permitted methods of payment are as follows: (i) by cash, check, bank draft, electronic funds transfer or money order payable to the Company; (ii) subject to Company and/or Board consent at the time of exercise and provided that at the time of exercise the Common Stock is publicly traded, pursuant to a program developed under Regulation T as promulgated by the Federal Reserve Board that, prior to the issuance of Common Stock, results in either the receipt of cash (or check) by the Company or the receipt of irrevocable instructions to pay the aggregate exercise price to the Company from the sales proceeds. This manner of payment is also known as a broker-assisted exercise , same day sale , or sell to cover (iii) subject to Company and/or Board consent at the time of exercise and provided that at the time of exercise the Common Stock is publicly traded, by delivery to the Company (either by actual delivery or attestation) of already-owned shares of Common Stock that are owned free and clear of any liens, claims, encumbrances or security interests, and that are valued at Fair Market Value on the date of exercise. Delivery for these purposes, in the sole discretion of the Company and/or the Board, at the time 
 5. 

Participant exercises their Option, will include delivery to the Company of Participant s attestation of ownership of such shares of Common Stock in a form approved by the Company. Participant may not exercise their option by delivery to the Company of Common Stock if doing so would violate the provisions of any law, regulation or agreement restricting the redemption of the Company s stock; (iv) subject to Company and/or Board consent at the time of exercise, and provided that the Option is a Nonstatutory Stock Option, by a net exercise arrangement pursuant to which the Company will reduce the number of shares of Common Stock issued upon exercise of the Option by the largest whole number of shares with a Fair Market Value that does not exceed the aggregate exercise price plus, to the extent permitted by the Company and/or Board at the time of exercise, the aggregate withholding obligations in respect of the Option exercise; provided, further that Participant must pay any remaining balance of the aggregate exercise price not satisfied by the net exercise in cash or other permitted form of payment. Shares of Common Stock will no longer be subject to the Option and will not be exercisable thereafter to the extent that (A) shares issuable upon exercise are used to pay the exercise price pursuant to the net exercise, (B) shares are delivered to the Participant as a result of such exercise, and (C) shares are withheld to satisfy tax withholding obligations; (v) according to a deferred payment or similar arrangement with the Optionholder; provided, however , that interest will compound at least annually and will be charged at the minimum rate of interest necessary to avoid (A) the imputation of interest income to the Company and compensation income to the Optionholder under any applicable provisions of the Code, and (B) the classification of the Option as a liability for financial accounting purposes; or (vi) in any other form of legal consideration that may be acceptable to the Board. (d) Exercise and Payment of a SAR . To exercise any outstanding SAR, the Participant must provide written notice of exercise to the Company in compliance with the provisions of the Stock Appreciation Right Agreement evidencing such SAR. The appreciation distribution payable on the exercise of a SAR will be not greater than an amount equal to the excess of (A) the aggregate Fair Market Value (on the date of the exercise of the SAR) of a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the number of Common Stock equivalents in which the Participant is vested under such SAR, and with respect to which the Participant is exercising the SAR on such date, over (B) the aggregate strike price of the number of Common Stock equivalents with respect to which the Participant is exercising the SAR on such date. The appreciation distribution may be paid in Common Stock, in cash, in any combination of the two or in any other form of consideration, as determined by the Board and contained in the Stock Award Agreement evidencing such SAR. (e) Transferability of Options and SARs . The Board may, in its sole discretion, impose such limitations on the transferability of Options and SARs as the Board will determine. In the absence of such a determination by the Board to the contrary, the following restrictions on the transferability of Options and SARs will apply: (i) Restrictions on Transfer . An Option or SAR will not be transferable except by will or by the laws of descent and distribution (or pursuant to subsections (ii) and (iii) below), and will be exercisable during the lifetime of the Participant only by the Participant. The Board may permit transfer of the Option or SAR in a manner that is not prohibited by applicable tax and securities laws. Except as explicitly provided in the Plan, neither an Option nor a SAR may be transferred for consideration. 
 6. 

(ii) Domestic Relations Orders . Subject to the approval of the Board or a duly authorized Officer, an Option or SAR may be transferred pursuant to the terms of a domestic relations order, official marital settlement agreement or other divorce or separation instrument as permitted by Treasury Regulation 1.421-1(b)(2). If an Option is an Incentive Stock Option, such Option may be deemed to be a Nonstatutory Stock Option as a result of such transfer. (iii) Beneficiary Designation . Subject to the approval of the Board or a duly authorized Officer, a Participant may, by delivering written notice to the Company, in a form approved by the Company (or the designated broker), designate a third party who, upon the death of the Participant, will thereafter be entitled to exercise the Option or SAR and receive the Common Stock or other consideration resulting from such exercise. In the absence of such a designation, upon the death of the Participant, the executor or administrator of the Participant s estate will be entitled to exercise the Option or SAR and receive the Common Stock or other consideration resulting from such exercise. However, the Company may prohibit designation of a beneficiary at any time, including due to any conclusion by the Company that such designation would be inconsistent with the provisions of applicable laws. (f) Vesting Generally . The total number of shares of Common Stock subject to an Option or SAR may vest and therefore become exercisable in periodic installments that may or may not be equal. The Option or SAR may be subject to such other terms and conditions on the time or times when it may or may not be exercised (which may be based on the satisfaction of performance goals or other criteria) as the Board may deem appropriate. The vesting provisions of individual Options or SARs may vary. The provisions of this Section 5(f) are subject to any Option or SAR provisions governing the minimum number of shares of Common Stock as to which an Option or SAR may be exercised. (g) Termination of Continuous Service . Except as otherwise provided in the applicable Stock Award Agreement or other agreement between the Participant and the Company, if a Participant s Continuous Service terminates (other than for Cause and other than upon the Participant s death or Disability), the Participant may exercise his or her Option or SAR (to the extent that the Participant was entitled to exercise such Stock Award as of the date of termination of Continuous Service) within the period of time ending on the earlier of (i) the date three months following the termination of the Participant s Continuous Service (or such longer or shorter period specified in the applicable Stock Award Agreement, which period will not be less than 30 days if necessary to comply with applicable laws unless such termination is for Cause) and (ii) the expiration of the term of the Option or SAR as set forth in the Stock Award Agreement. If, after termination of Continuous Service, the Participant does not exercise his or her Option or SAR (as applicable) within the applicable time frame, the Option or SAR will terminate. (h) Extension of Termination Date . If the exercise of an Option or SAR following the termination of the Participant s Continuous Service (other than for Cause and other than upon the Participant s death or Disability) would be prohibited at any time solely because the issuance of shares of Common Stock would violate the registration requirements under the Securities Act, then the Option or SAR will terminate on the earlier of (i) the expiration of a total period of time (that need not be consecutive) equal to the applicable post-termination exercise period after the termination of the Participant s Continuous Service during which the exercise of the Option or SAR would not be in violation of such registration requirements, and (ii) the expiration of the term of the Option or SAR as set forth in the applicable Stock Award Agreement. In addition, unless otherwise provided in a Participant s Stock Award Agreement, if the sale of any Common Stock received upon exercise of an Option or SAR following the termination of the Participant s Continuous Service (other than for Cause) would violate the Company s insider trading policy, then the Option or SAR will terminate on the earlier of (i) the expiration of the period of time (that need not be consecutive) equal to the applicable post-termination exercise period after the termination of 
 7. 

the Participant s Continuous Service during which the sale of the Common Stock received upon exercise of the Option or SAR would not be in violation of the Company s insider trading policy, and (ii) the expiration of the term of the Option or SAR as set forth in the applicable Stock Award Agreement. (i) Disability of Participant . Except as otherwise provided in the applicable Stock Award Agreement or other agreement between the Participant and the Company, if a Participant s Continuous Service terminates as a result of the Participant s Disability, the Participant may exercise his or her Option or SAR (to the extent that the Participant was entitled to exercise such Option or SAR as of the date of termination of Continuous Service), but only within such period of time ending on the earlier of (i) the date 12 months following such termination of Continuous Service (or such longer or shorter period specified in the Stock Award Agreement, which period will not be less than six months if necessary to comply with applicable laws unless such termination is for Cause), and (ii) the expiration of the term of the Option or SAR as set forth in the Stock Award Agreement. If, after termination of Continuous Service, the Participant does not exercise his or her Option or SAR within the applicable time frame, the Option or SAR (as applicable) will terminate. (j) Death of Participant . Except as otherwise provided in the applicable Stock Award Agreement or other agreement between the Participant and the Company, if (i) a Participant s Continuous Service terminates as a result of the Participant s death, or (ii) the Participant dies within the period (if any) specified in the Stock Award Agreement for exercisability after the termination of the Participant s Continuous Service (for a reason other than death), then the Option or SAR may be exercised (to the extent the Participant was entitled to exercise such Option or SAR as of the date of death) by the Participant s estate, by a person who acquired the right to exercise the Option or SAR by bequest or inheritance or by a person designated to exercise the Option or SAR upon the Participant s death, but only within the period ending on the earlier of (i) the date 18 months following the date of death (or such longer or shorter period specified in the Stock Award Agreement, which period will not be less than six months if necessary to comply with applicable laws unless such termination is for Cause), and (ii) the expiration of the term of such Option or SAR as set forth in the Stock Award Agreement. If, after the Participant s death, the Option or SAR is not exercised within the applicable time frame, the Option or SAR (as applicable) will terminate. (k) Termination for Cause . Except as explicitly provided otherwise in a Participant s Stock Award Agreement or other individual written agreement between the Company or any Affiliate and the Participant, if a Participant s Continuous Service is terminated for Cause, the Option or SAR will terminate immediately upon such Participant s termination of Continuous Service, and the Participant will be prohibited from exercising his or her Option or SAR (whether vested or unvested) from and after the date of such termination of Continuous Service. (l) Non-Exempt Employees . If an Option or SAR is granted to an Employee who is a non- exempt employee for purposes of the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938, as amended, the Option or SAR will not be first exercisable for any shares of Common Stock until at least six months following the date of grant of the Option or SAR (although the Stock Award may vest prior to such date). Consistent with the provisions of the Worker Economic Opportunity Act, (i) if such non-exempt Employee dies or suffers a Disability, (ii) upon a Corporate Transaction in which such Option or SAR is not assumed, continued, or substituted, (iii) upon a Change in Control, or (iv) upon the Participant s retirement (as such term may be defined in the Participant s Stock Award Agreement, in another agreement between the Participant and the Company, or, if no such definition, in accordance with the Company s then current employment policies and guidelines), the vested portion of any Options and SARs may be exercised earlier than six months following the date of grant. The foregoing provision is intended to operate so that any income derived by a non-exempt employee in connection with the exercise or vesting of an Option or SAR will be exempt 
 8. 

from his or her regular rate of pay. To the extent permitted and/or required for compliance with the Worker Economic Opportunity Act to ensure that any income derived by a non-exempt employee in connection with the exercise, vesting or issuance of any shares under any other Stock Award will be exempt from the employee s regular rate of pay, the provisions of this Section 5(l) will apply to all Stock Awards and are hereby incorporated by reference into such Stock Award Agreements. (m) Early Exercise of Options . An Option may, but need not, include a provision whereby the Optionholder may elect at any time before the Optionholder s Continuous Service terminates to exercise the Option as to any part or all of the shares of Common Stock subject to the Option prior to the full vesting of the Option. Subject to the Repurchase Limitation in Section 8(l), any unvested shares of Common Stock so purchased may be subject to a repurchase right in favor of the Company or to any other restriction the Board determines to be appropriate. Provided that the Repurchase Limitation in Section 8(l) is not violated, the Company will not be required to exercise its repurchase right until at least six months (or such longer or shorter period of time required to avoid classification of the Option as a liability for financial accounting purposes) have elapsed following exercise of the Option unless the Board otherwise specifically provides in the Option Agreement. (n) Right of Repurchase . Subject to the Repurchase Limitation in Section 8(l), the Option or SAR may include a provision whereby the Company may elect to repurchase all or any part of the vested shares of Common Stock acquired by the Participant pursuant to the exercise of the Option or SAR. (o) Right of First Refusal . The Option or SAR may include a provision whereby the Company may elect to exercise a right of first refusal following receipt of notice from the Participant of the intent to transfer all or any part of the shares of Common Stock received upon the exercise of the Option or SAR. Such right of first refusal will be subject to the Repurchase Limitation in Section 8(l). Except as expressly provided in this Section 5(o) or in the Stock Award Agreement, such right of first refusal will otherwise comply with any applicable provisions of the bylaws of the Company. 6. Provisions of Stock Awards Other than Options and SARs . (a) Restricted Stock Awards . Each Restricted Stock Award Agreement will be in such form and will contain such terms and conditions as the Board will deem appropriate. To the extent consistent with the Company s bylaws, at the Board s election, shares of Common Stock underlying a Restricted Stock Award may be (i) held in book entry form subject to the Company s instructions until any restrictions relating to the Restricted Stock Award lapse; or (ii) evidenced by a certificate, which certificate will be held in such form and manner as determined by the Board. The terms and conditions of Restricted Stock Award Agreements may change from time to time, and the terms and conditions of separate Restricted Stock Award Agreements need not be identical. Each Restricted Stock Award Agreement will conform to (through incorporation of the provisions hereof by reference in the agreement or otherwise) the substance of each of the following provisions: (i) Consideration . A Restricted Stock Award may be awarded in consideration for (A) cash, check, bank draft or money order payable to the Company, (B) past services to the Company or an Affiliate, or (C) any other form of legal consideration (including future services) that may be acceptable to the Board, in its sole discretion, and permissible under applicable law. (ii) Vesting . Subject to the Repurchase Limitation in Section 8(l), shares of Common Stock awarded under the Restricted Stock Award Agreement may be subject to forfeiture to the Company in accordance with a vesting schedule to be determined by the Board. 
 9. 

(iii) Termination of Participant s Continuous Service . If a Participant s Continuous Service terminates, the Company may receive through a forfeiture condition or a repurchase right, any or all of the shares of Common Stock held by the Participant that have not vested as of the date of termination of Continuous Service under the terms of the Restricted Stock Award Agreement. (iv) Transferability . Rights to acquire shares of Common Stock under the Restricted Stock Award Agreement will be transferable by the Participant only upon such terms and conditions as are set forth in the Restricted Stock Award Agreement, as the Board will determine in its sole discretion, so long as Common Stock awarded under the Restricted Stock Award Agreement remains subject to the terms of the Restricted Stock Award Agreement. (v) Dividends . A Restricted Stock Award Agreement may provide that any dividends paid on Restricted Stock will be subject to the same vesting and forfeiture restrictions as apply to the shares subject to the Restricted Stock Award to which they relate. (b) Restricted Stock Unit Awards . Each Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement will be in such form and will contain such terms and conditions as the will Board deem appropriate. The terms and conditions of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreements may change from time to time, and the terms and conditions of separate Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreements need not be identical. Each Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement will conform to (through incorporation of the provisions hereof by reference in the Agreement or otherwise) the substance of each of the following provisions: (i) Consideration . At the time of grant of a Restricted Stock Unit Award, the Board will determine the consideration, if any, to be paid by the Participant upon delivery of each share of Common Stock subject to the Restricted Stock Unit Award. The consideration to be paid (if any) by the Participant for each share of Common Stock subject to a Restricted Stock Unit Award may be paid in any form of legal consideration that may be acceptable to the Board, in its sole discretion, and permissible under applicable law. (ii) Vesting . At the time of the grant of a Restricted Stock Unit Award, the Board may impose such restrictions on or conditions to the vesting of the Restricted Stock Unit Award as it, in its sole discretion, deems appropriate. (iii) Payment . A Restricted Stock Unit Award may be settled by the delivery of shares of Common Stock, their cash equivalent, any combination thereof or in any other form of consideration, as determined by the Board and contained in the Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement. (iv) Additional Restrictions . At the time of the grant of a Restricted Stock Unit Award, the Board, as it deems appropriate, may impose such restrictions or conditions that delay the delivery of the shares of Common Stock (or their cash equivalent) subject to a Restricted Stock Unit Award to a time after the vesting of such Restricted Stock Unit Award. (v) Dividend Equivalents . Dividend equivalents may be credited in respect of shares of Common Stock covered by a Restricted Stock Unit Award, as determined by the Board and contained in the Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement. At the sole discretion of the Board, such dividend equivalents may be converted into additional shares of Common Stock covered by the Restricted Stock Unit Award in such manner as determined by the Board. Any additional shares covered by the Restricted Stock Unit Award credited by reason of such dividend equivalents will be subject to all of the same terms and conditions of the underlying Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement to which they relate. 
 10. 

(vi) Termination of Participant s Continuous Service . Except as otherwise provided in the applicable Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement, such portion of the Restricted Stock Unit Award that has not vested will be forfeited upon the Participant s termination of Continuous Service. (vii) Compliance with Section 409A of the Code . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, any Restricted Stock Unit Award granted under the Plan that is not exempt from the requirements of Section 409A of the Code will contain such provisions so that such Restricted Stock Unit Award will comply with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code. Such restrictions, if any, will be determined by the Board and contained in the Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement evidencing such Restricted Stock Unit Award. For example, such restrictions may include, without limitation, a requirement that any Common Stock that is to be issued in a year following the year in which the Restricted Stock Unit Award vests must be issued in accordance with a fixed pre-determined schedule. (c) Other Stock Awards . Other forms of Stock Awards valued in whole or in part by reference to, or otherwise based on, Common Stock, including the appreciation in value thereof (e.g., options or stock rights with an exercise price or strike price less than 100 of the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock at the time of grant) may be granted either alone or in addition to Stock Awards provided for under Section 5 and the preceding provisions of this Section 6. Subject to the provisions of the Plan, the Board will have sole and complete authority to determine the persons to whom and the time or times at which such Other Stock Awards will be granted, the number of shares of Common Stock (or the cash equivalent thereof) to be granted pursuant to such Other Stock Awards and all other terms and conditions of such Other Stock Awards. 7. Covenants of the Company . (a) Availability of Shares . The Company will keep available at all times the number of shares of Common Stock reasonably required to satisfy then-outstanding Stock Awards. (b) Securities Law Compliance . The Company will seek to obtain from each regulatory commission or agency having jurisdiction over the Plan such authority as may be required to grant Stock Awards and to issue and sell shares of Common Stock upon exercise of the Stock Awards; provided, however, that this undertaking will not require the Company to register under the Securities Act the Plan, any Stock Award or any Common Stock issued or issuable pursuant to any such Stock Award. If, after reasonable efforts and at a reasonable cost, the Company is unable to obtain from any such regulatory commission or agency the authority that counsel for the Company deems necessary for the lawful issuance and sale of Common Stock under the Plan, the Company will be relieved from any liability for failure to issue and sell Common Stock upon exercise of such Stock Awards unless and until such authority is obtained. A Participant will not be eligible for the grant of a Stock Award or the subsequent issuance of cash or Common Stock pursuant to the Stock Award if such grant or issuance would be in violation of any applicable securities law. (c) No Obligation to Notify or Minimize Taxes . The Company will have no duty or obligation to any Participant to advise such holder as to the time or manner of exercising such Stock Award. Furthermore, the Company will have no duty or obligation to warn or otherwise advise such holder of a pending termination or expiration of a Stock Award or a possible period in which the Stock Award may not be exercised. The Company has no duty or obligation to minimize the tax consequences of a Stock Award to the holder of such Stock Award. 
 11. 

8. Miscellaneous . (a) Use of Proceeds from Sales of Common Stock . Proceeds from the sale of shares of Common Stock pursuant to Stock Awards will constitute general funds of the Company. (b) Corporate Action Constituting Grant of Stock Awards . Corporate action constituting a grant by the Company of a Stock Award to any Participant will be deemed completed as of the date of such corporate action, unless otherwise determined by the Board, regardless of when the instrument, certificate, or letter evidencing the Stock Award is communicated to, or actually received or accepted by, the Participant. In the event that the corporate records (e.g., Board consents, resolutions or minutes) documenting the corporate action constituting the grant contain terms (e.g., exercise price, vesting schedule or number of shares) that are inconsistent with those in the Stock Award Agreement or related grant documents as a result of a clerical error in the papering of the Stock Award Agreement or related grant documents, the corporate records will control and the Participant will have no legally binding right to the incorrect term in the Stock Award Agreement or related grant documents. (c) Stockholder Rights . No Participant will be deemed to be the holder of, or to have any of the rights of a holder with respect to, any shares of Common Stock subject to a Stock Award unless and until (i) such Participant has satisfied all requirements for exercise of, or the issuance of shares of Common Stock under, the Stock Award pursuant to its terms, and (ii) the issuance of the Common Stock subject to the Stock Award has been entered into the books and records of the Company. (d) No Employment or Other Service Rights . Nothing in the Plan, any Stock Award Agreement or any other instrument executed thereunder or in connection with any Stock Award granted pursuant thereto will confer upon any Participant any right to continue to serve the Company or an Affiliate in the capacity in effect at the time the Stock Award was granted or will affect the right of the Company or an Affiliate to terminate (i) the employment of an Employee with or without notice and with or without cause, (ii) the service of a Consultant pursuant to the terms of such Consultant s agreement with the Company or an Affiliate, or (iii) the service of a Director pursuant to the bylaws of the Company or an Affiliate, and any applicable provisions of the corporate law of the state in which the Company or the Affiliate is incorporated, as the case may be. (e) Change in Time Commitment . In the event a Participant s regular level of time commitment in the performance of his or her services for the Company and any Affiliates is reduced (for example, and without limitation, if the Participant is an Employee of the Company and the Employee has a change in status from a full-time Employee to a part-time Employee or takes an extended leave of absence) after the date of grant of any Stock Award to the Participant, the Board has the right in its sole discretion to (x) make a corresponding reduction in the number of shares subject to any portion of such Stock Award that is scheduled to vest or become payable after the date of such change in time commitment, and (y) in lieu of or in combination with such a reduction, extend the vesting or payment schedule applicable to such Stock Award. In the event of any such reduction, the Participant will have no right with respect to any portion of the Stock Award that is so reduced or extended. (f) Incentive Stock Option Limitations . To the extent that the aggregate Fair Market Value (determined at the time of grant) of Common Stock with respect to which Incentive Stock Options are exercisable for the first time by any Optionholder during any calendar year (under all plans of the Company and any Affiliates) exceeds 100,000 (or such other limit established in the Code) or otherwise does not comply with the rules governing Incentive Stock Options, the Options or portions thereof that exceed such limit (according to the order in which they were granted) or otherwise do not comply with such rules will 
 12. 

be treated as Nonstatutory Stock Options, notwithstanding any contrary provision of the applicable Option Agreement. (g) Investment Assurances . The Company may require a Participant, as a condition of exercising or acquiring Common Stock under any Stock Award, (i) to give written assurances satisfactory to the Company as to the Participant s knowledge and experience in financial and business matters and/or to employ a purchaser representative reasonably satisfactory to the Company who is knowledgeable and experienced in financial and business matters and that the Participant is capable of evaluating, alone or together with the purchaser representative, the merits and risks of exercising the Stock Award; and (ii) to give written assurances satisfactory to the Company stating that the Participant is acquiring Common Stock subject to the Stock Award for the Participant s own account and not with any present intention of selling or otherwise distributing the Common Stock. The foregoing requirements, and any assurances given pursuant to such requirements, will be inoperative if (A) the issuance of the shares upon the exercise or acquisition of Common Stock under the Stock Award has been registered under a then currently effective registration statement under the Securities Act, or (B) as to any particular requirement, a determination is made by counsel for the Company that such requirement need not be met in the circumstances under the then applicable securities laws. The Company may, upon advice of counsel to the Company, place legends on stock certificates issued under the Plan as such counsel deems necessary or appropriate in order to comply with applicable securities laws, including, but not limited to, legends restricting the transfer of the Common Stock. (h) Withholding Obligations . Unless prohibited by the terms of a Stock Award Agreement, the Company may, in its sole discretion, satisfy any federal, state or local tax withholding obligation relating to a Stock Award by any of the following means or by a combination of such means: (i) causing the Participant to tender a cash payment; (ii) withholding shares of Common Stock from the shares of Common Stock issued or otherwise issuable to the Participant in connection with the Stock Award; provided, however , that no shares of Common Stock are withheld with a value exceeding the maximum amount of tax required to be withheld by law (or such lesser amount as may be necessary to avoid classification of the Stock Award as a liability for financial accounting purposes); (iii) withholding cash from a Stock Award settled in cash; (iv) withholding payment from any amounts otherwise payable to the Participant; or (v) by such other method as may be set forth in the Stock Award Agreement. (i) Electronic Delivery . Any reference herein to a written agreement or document will include any agreement or document delivered electronically or posted on the Company s intranet (or other shared electronic medium controlled by the Company to which the Participant has access). (j) Deferrals . To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Board, in its sole discretion, may determine that the delivery of Common Stock or the payment of cash, upon the exercise, vesting or settlement of all or a portion of any Stock Award may be deferred and may establish programs and procedures for deferral elections to be made by Participants. Deferrals by Participants will be made in accordance with Section 409A of the Code. Consistent with Section 409A of the Code, the Board may provide for distributions while a Participant is still an employee or otherwise providing services to the Company. The Board is authorized to make deferrals of Stock Awards and determine when, and in what annual percentages, Participants may receive payments, including lump sum payments, following the Participant s termination of Continuous Service, and implement such other terms and conditions consistent with the provisions of the Plan and in accordance with applicable law. (k) Compliance with Section 409A of the Code . To the extent that the Board determines that any Stock Award granted hereunder is subject to Section 409A of the Code, the Stock Award Agreement 
 13. 

evidencing such Stock Award will incorporate the terms and conditions necessary to avoid the consequences specified in Section 409A(a)(1) of the Code. To the extent applicable, the Plan and Stock Award Agreements will be interpreted in accordance with Section 409A of the Code. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan (and unless the Stock Award Agreement specifically provides otherwise), if the shares of Common Stock are publicly traded, and if a Participant holding a Stock Award that constitutes deferred compensation under Section 409A of the Code is a specified employee for purposes of Section 409A of the Code, no distribution or payment of any amount that is due because of a separation from service (as defined in Section 409A of the Code without regard to alternative definitions thereunder) will be issued or paid before the date that is six months following the date of such Participant s separation from service (as defined in Section 409A of the Code without regard to alternative definitions thereunder) or, if earlier, the date of the Participant s death, unless such distribution or payment can be made in a manner that complies with Section 409A of the Code, and any amounts so deferred will be paid in a lump sum on the day after such six month period elapses, with the balance paid thereafter on the original schedule. (l) Repurchase Limitation . The terms of any repurchase right will be specified in the Stock Award Agreement. The repurchase price for vested shares of Common Stock will be the Fair Market Value of the shares of Common Stock on the date of repurchase. The repurchase price for unvested shares of Common Stock will be the lower of (i) the Fair Market Value of the shares of Common Stock on the date of repurchase or (ii) their original purchase price. However, the Company will not exercise its repurchase right until at least six months (or such longer or shorter period of time necessary to avoid classification of the Stock Award as a liability for financial accounting purposes) have elapsed following delivery of shares of Common Stock subject to the Stock Award, unless otherwise specifically provided by the Board. 9. Adjustments upon Changes in Common Stock; Other Corporate Events . (a) Capitalization Adjustments . In the event of a Capitalization Adjustment, the Board will appropriately and proportionately adjust: (i) the class(es) and maximum number of securities subject to the Plan pursuant to Section 3(a), (ii) the class(es) and maximum number of securities that may be issued pursuant to the exercise of Incentive Stock Options pursuant to Section 3(c), and (iii) the class(es) and number of securities and price per share of stock subject to outstanding Stock Awards. The Board will make such adjustments, and its determination will be final, binding and conclusive. (b) Dissolution or Liquidation . Except as otherwise provided in the Stock Award Agreement, in the event of a dissolution or liquidation of the Company, all outstanding Stock Awards (other than Stock Awards consisting of vested and outstanding shares of Common Stock not subject to a forfeiture condition or the Company s right of repurchase) will terminate immediately prior to the completion of such dissolution or liquidation, and the shares of Common Stock subject to the Company s repurchase rights or subject to a forfeiture condition may be repurchased or reacquired by the Company notwithstanding the fact that the holder of such Stock Award is providing Continuous Service, provided, however, that the Board may, in its sole discretion, cause some or all Stock Awards to become fully vested, exercisable and/or no longer subject to repurchase or forfeiture (to the extent such Stock Awards have not previously expired or terminated) before the dissolution or liquidation is completed but contingent on its completion. (c) Corporate Transaction . The following provisions will apply to Stock Awards in the event of a Corporate Transaction unless otherwise provided in the instrument evidencing the Stock Award or any other written agreement between the Company or any Affiliate and the Participant or unless otherwise expressly provided by the Board at the time of grant of a Stock Award. In the event of a Corporate Transaction, then, notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan, the Board may take one or more of the 
 14. 

following actions with respect to Stock Awards, contingent upon the closing or completion of the Corporate Transaction: (i) arrange for the surviving corporation or acquiring corporation (or the surviving or acquiring corporation s parent company) to assume or continue the Stock Award or to substitute a similar stock award for the Stock Award (including, but not limited to, an award to acquire the same consideration paid to the stockholders of the Company pursuant to the Corporate Transaction); (ii) arrange for the assignment of any reacquisition or repurchase rights held by the Company in respect of Common Stock issued pursuant to the Stock Award to the surviving corporation or acquiring corporation (or the surviving or acquiring corporation s parent company); (iii) accelerate the vesting, in whole or in part, of the Stock Award (and, if applicable, the time at which the Stock Award may be exercised) to a date prior to the effective time of such Corporate Transaction as the Board determines (or, if the Board does not determine such a date, to the date that is five days prior to the effective date of the Corporate Transaction), with such Stock Award terminating if not exercised (if applicable) at or prior to the effective time of the Corporate Transaction; provided, however , that the Board may require Participants to complete and deliver to the Company a notice of exercise before the effective date of a Corporate Transaction, which exercise is contingent upon the effectiveness of such Corporate Transaction; (iv) arrange for the lapse, in whole or in part, of any reacquisition or repurchase rights held by the Company with respect to the Stock Award; (v) cancel or arrange for the cancellation of the Stock Award, to the extent not vested or not exercised prior to the effective time of the Corporate Transaction, in exchange for such cash consideration (including no consideration) as the Board, in its sole discretion, may consider appropriate; and (vi) make a payment, in such form as may be determined by the Board equal to the excess, if any, of (A) the value of the property the Participant would have received upon the exercise of the Stock Award immediately prior to the effective time of the Corporate Transaction, over (B) any exercise price payable by such holder in connection with such exercise. For clarity, this payment may be zero 0) if the value of the property is equal to or less than the exercise price. Payments under this provision may be delayed to the same extent that payment of consideration to the holders of the Company s Common Stock in connection with the Corporate Transaction is delayed as a result of escrows, earn outs, holdbacks or any other contingencies. The Board need not take the same action or actions with respect to all Stock Awards or portions thereof or with respect to all Participants. The Board may take different actions with respect to the vested and unvested portions of a Stock Award. (d) Change in Control . A Stock Award may be subject to additional acceleration of vesting and exercisability upon or after a Change in Control as may be provided in the Stock Award Agreement for such Stock Award or as may be provided in any other written agreement between the Company or any Affiliate and the Participant, but in the absence of such provision, no such acceleration will occur. 
 15. 

10. Plan Term; Earlier Termination or Suspension of the Plan . (a) Plan Term . The Board may suspend or terminate the Plan at any time. Unless terminated sooner by the Board, the Plan will automatically terminate on the day before the 10th anniversary of the earlier of (i) the date the Plan is adopted by the Board, or (ii) the date the Plan is approved by the stockholders of the Company. No Stock Awards may be granted under the Plan while the Plan is suspended or after it is terminated. (b) No Impairment of Rights . Suspension or termination of the Plan will not impair rights and obligations under any Stock Award granted while the Plan is in effect except with the written consent of the affected Participant or as otherwise permitted in the Plan. 11. Effective Date of Plan . This Plan will become effective on the Effective Date. 12. Choice of Law . The laws of the State of Delaware will govern all questions concerning the construction, validity and interpretation of this Plan, without regard to that state s conflict of laws rules. 13. Definitions . As used in the Plan, the following definitions will apply to the capitalized terms indicated below: (a) Affiliate means, at the time of determination, any parent or majority-owned subsidiary of the Company, as such terms are defined in Rule 405. The Board will have the authority to determine the time or times at which parent or majority-owned subsidiary status is determined within the foregoing definition. (b) Board means the Board of Directors of the Company. (c) Capitalization Adjustment means any change that is made in, or other events that occur with respect to, the Common Stock subject to the Plan or subject to any Stock Award after the Effective Date without the receipt of consideration by the Company through merger, consolidation, reorganization, recapitalization, reincorporation, stock dividend, dividend in property other than cash, large nonrecurring cash dividend, stock split, reverse stock split, liquidating dividend, combination of shares, exchange of shares, change in corporate structure, or any similar equity restructuring transaction, as that term is used in Statement of Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718 (or any successor thereto). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the conversion of any convertible securities of the Company will not be treated as a Capitalization Adjustment. (d) Cause will have the meaning ascribed to such term in any written agreement between the Participant and the Company defining such term and, in the absence of such agreement, such term means, with respect to a Participant, the occurrence of any of the following events: (i) such Participant s commission of any felony or any crime involving fraud, dishonesty or moral turpitude under the laws of the United States or any state thereof; (ii) such Participant s attempted commission of, or participation in, a fraud or act of dishonesty against the Company, or any of its employees or directors; (iii) such Participant s intentional, material violation of any contract or agreement between the Participant and the Company, the Company s employment policies, or of any statutory or other duty owed to the Company; (iv) such Participant s unauthorized use or disclosure of the Company s confidential information or trade 
 16. 

secrets; or (v) such Participant s gross misconduct. The determination that a termination of the Participant s Continuous Service is either for Cause or without Cause will be made by the Company, in its sole discretion. Any determination by the Company that the Continuous Service of a Participant was terminated with or without Cause for the purposes of outstanding Stock Awards held by such Participant will have no effect upon any determination of the rights or obligations of the Company or such Participant for any other purpose. (e) Change in Control means the occurrence, in a single transaction or in a series of related transactions, of any one or more of the following events: (i) any Exchange Act Person becomes the Owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing more than 50 of the combined voting power of the Company s then outstanding securities other than by virtue of a merger, consolidation or similar transaction. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Change in Control will not be deemed to occur (A) on account of the acquisition of securities of the Company directly from the Company, (B) on account of the acquisition of securities of the Company by an investor, any affiliate thereof or any other Exchange Act Person that acquires the Company s securities in a transaction or series of related transactions the primary purpose of which is to obtain financing for the Company through the issuance of equity securities or (C) solely because the level of Ownership held by any Exchange Act Person (the Subject Person exceeds the designated percentage threshold of the outstanding voting securities as a result of a repurchase or other acquisition of voting securities by the Company reducing the number of shares outstanding, provided that if a Change in Control would occur (but for the operation of this sentence) as a result of the acquisition of voting securities by the Company, and after such share acquisition, the Subject Person becomes the Owner of any additional voting securities that, assuming the repurchase or other acquisition had not occurred, increases the percentage of the then outstanding voting securities Owned by the Subject Person over the designated percentage threshold, then a Change in Control will be deemed to occur; (ii) there is consummated a merger, consolidation or similar transaction involving (directly or indirectly) the Company and, immediately after the consummation of such merger, consolidation or similar transaction, the stockholders of the Company immediately prior thereto do not Own, directly or indirectly, either (A) outstanding voting securities representing more than 50 of the combined outstanding voting power of the surviving Entity in such merger, consolidation or similar transaction or (B) more than 50 of the combined outstanding voting power of the parent of the surviving Entity in such merger, consolidation or similar transaction, in each case in substantially the same proportions as their Ownership of the outstanding voting securities of the Company immediately prior to such transaction; or (iii) there is consummated a sale, lease, exclusive license or other disposition of all or substantially all of the consolidated assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries, other than a sale, lease, license or other disposition of all or substantially all of the consolidated assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries to an Entity, more than 50 of the combined voting power of the voting securities of which are Owned by stockholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their Ownership of the outstanding voting securities of the Company immediately prior to such sale, lease, license or other disposition. Notwithstanding the foregoing definition or any other provision of this Plan, (A) the term Change in Control will not include a sale of assets, merger or other transaction effected exclusively for the purpose of changing the domicile of the Company, (B) the definition of Change in Control (or any analogous term) in an individual written agreement between the Company or any Affiliate and the Participant will supersede the 
 17. 

foregoing definition with respect to Stock Awards subject to such agreement; provided, however , that if no definition of Change in Control or any analogous term is set forth in such an individual written agreement, the definition set forth herein will apply, and (C) if at any time the Company s Certificate of Incorporation provides definitions of various analogous transactions that would be deemed a liquidation event for the Company, then such definition will apply as if it were the definition set forth herein except as is otherwise expressly provided in an individual written agreement between the Company or any Affiliate and the Participant. (f) Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, including any applicable regulations and guidance thereunder. (g) Committee means a committee of one or more Directors to whom authority has been delegated by the Board in accordance with Section 2(c). (h) Common Stock means the common stock of the Company. (i) Company means Trucker Path, Inc., a Delaware corporation. (j) Consultant means any person, including an advisor, who is (i) engaged by the Company or an Affiliate to render consulting or advisory services and is compensated for such services, or (ii) serving as a member of the board of directors of an Affiliate and is compensated for such services. However, service solely as a Director, or payment of a fee for such service, will not cause a Director to be considered a Consultant for purposes of the Plan. (k) Continuous Service means that the Participant s service with the Company or an Affiliate, whether as an Employee, Director or Consultant, is not interrupted or terminated. A change in the capacity in which the Participant renders service to the Company or an Affiliate as an Employee, Director or Consultant or a change in the Entity for which the Participant renders such service, provided that there is no interruption or termination of the Participant s service with the Company or an Affiliate, will not terminate a Participant s Continuous Service; provided, however , that if the Entity for which a Participant is rendering services ceases to qualify as an Affiliate, as determined by the Board in its sole discretion, such Participant s Continuous Service will be considered to have terminated on the date such Entity ceases to qualify as an Affiliate. For example, a change in status from an Employee of the Company to a Consultant of an Affiliate or to a Director will not constitute an interruption of Continuous Service. To the extent permitted by law, the Board or the chief executive officer of the Company, in that party s sole discretion, may determine whether Continuous Service will be considered interrupted in the case of (i) any leave of absence approved by the Board or chief executive officer, including sick leave, military leave or any other personal leave, or (ii) transfers between the Company, an Affiliate, or their successors. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a leave of absence will be treated as Continuous Service for purposes of vesting in a Stock Award only to such extent as may be provided in the Company s leave of absence policy, in the written terms of any leave of absence agreement or policy applicable to the Participant, or as otherwise required by law. (l) Corporate Transaction means the consummation, in a single transaction or in a series of related transactions, of any one or more of the following events: (i) a sale or other disposition of all or substantially all, as determined by the Board in its sole discretion, of the consolidated assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries; 
 18. 

(ii) a sale or other disposition of more than 50 of the outstanding securities of the Company; (iii) a merger, consolidation or similar transaction following which the Company is not the surviving corporation; or (iv) a merger, consolidation or similar transaction following which the Company is the surviving corporation but the shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately preceding the merger, consolidation or similar transaction are converted or exchanged by virtue of the merger, consolidation or similar transaction into other property, whether in the form of securities, cash or otherwise. (m) Director means a member of the Board. (n) Disability means, with respect to a Participant, the inability of such Participant to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or that has lasted or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than twelve (12) months as provided in Sections 22(e)(3) and 409A(a)(2)(c)(i) of the Code, and will be determined by the Board on the basis of such medical evidence as the Board deems warranted under the circumstances. (o) Effective Date means the effective date of this Plan, which is the earlier of (i) the date that this Plan is first approved by the Company s stockholders, and (ii) the date this Plan is adopted by the Board. (p) Employee means any person employed by the Company or an Affiliate. However, service solely as a Director, or payment of a fee for such services, will not cause a Director to be considered an Employee for purposes of the Plan. (q) Entity means a corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other entity. (r) Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. (s) Exchange Act Person means any natural person, Entity or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d) or 14(d) of the Exchange Act), except that Exchange Act Person will not include (i) the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company, (ii) any employee benefit plan of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company or any trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company, (iii) an underwriter temporarily holding securities pursuant to a registered public offering of such securities, (iv) an Entity Owned, directly or indirectly, by the stockholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their Ownership of stock of the Company; or (v) any natural person, Entity or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d) or 14(d) of the Exchange Act) that, as of the Effective Date, is the Owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing more than 50 of the combined voting power of the Company s then outstanding securities. (t) Fair Market Value means, as of any date, the value of the Common Stock determined by the Board in compliance with Section 409A of the Code or, in the case of an Incentive Stock Option, in compliance with Section 422 of the Code. 
 19. 

(u) Incentive Stock Option means an option granted pursuant to Section 5 of the Plan that is intended to be, and that qualifies as, an incentive stock option within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code. (v) Nonstatutory Stock Option means an option granted pursuant to Section 5 of the Plan that does not qualify as an Incentive Stock Option. (w) Officer means any person designated by the Company as an officer. (x) Option means an Incentive Stock Option or a Nonstatutory Stock Option to purchase shares of Common Stock granted pursuant to the Plan. (y) Option Agreement means a written agreement between the Company and an Optionholder evidencing the terms and conditions of an Option grant. Each Option Agreement will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. (z) Optionholder means a person to whom an Option is granted pursuant to the Plan or, if applicable, such other person who holds an outstanding Option. (aa) Other Stock Award means an award based in whole or in part by reference to the Common Stock which is granted pursuant to the terms and conditions of Section 6(c). (bb) Other Stock Award Agreement means a written agreement between the Company and a holder of an Other Stock Award evidencing the terms and conditions of an Other Stock Award grant. Each Other Stock Award Agreement will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. (cc) Own , Owned , Owner , Ownership A person or Entity will be deemed to Own, to have Owned, to be the Owner of, or to have acquired Ownership of securities if such person or Entity, directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement, understanding, relationship or otherwise, has or shares voting power, which includes the power to vote or to direct the voting, with respect to such securities. (dd) Participant means a person to whom a Stock Award is granted pursuant to the Plan or, if applicable, such other person who holds an outstanding Stock Award. (ee) Plan means this 2020 Equity Incentive Plan. (ff) Restricted Stock Award means an award of shares of Common Stock which is granted pursuant to the terms and conditions of Section 6(a). (gg) Restricted Stock Award Agreement means a written agreement between the Company and a holder of a Restricted Stock Award evidencing the terms and conditions of a Restricted Stock Award grant. Each Restricted Stock Award Agreement will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. (hh) Restricted Stock Unit Award means a right to receive shares of Common Stock which is granted pursuant to the terms and conditions of Section 6(b). (ii) Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement means a written agreement between the Company and a holder of a Restricted Stock Unit Award evidencing the terms and conditions of a Restricted 
 20. 

Stock Unit Award grant. Each Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. (jj) Rule 405 means Rule 405 promulgated under the Securities Act. (kk) Rule 701 means Rule 701 promulgated under the Securities Act. (ll) Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. (mm) Stock Appreciation Right or SAR means a right to receive the appreciation on Common Stock that is granted pursuant to the terms and conditions of Section 5. (nn) Stock Appreciation Right Agreement means a written agreement between the Company and a holder of a Stock Appreciation Right evidencing the terms and conditions of a Stock Appreciation Right grant. Each Stock Appreciation Right Agreement will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. (oo) Stock Award means any right to receive Common Stock granted under the Plan, including an Incentive Stock Option, a Nonstatutory Stock Option, a Restricted Stock Award, a Restricted Stock Unit Award, a Stock Appreciation Right or any Other Stock Award. (pp) Stock Award Agreement means a written agreement between the Company and a Participant evidencing the terms and conditions of a Stock Award grant. Each Stock Award Agreement will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. (qq) Subsidiary means, with respect to the Company, (i) any corporation of which more than 50 of the outstanding capital stock having ordinary voting power to elect a majority of the board of directors of such corporation (irrespective of whether, at the time, stock of any other class or classes of such corporation will have or might have voting power by reason of the happening of any contingency) is at the time, directly or indirectly, Owned by the Company, and (ii) any partnership, limited liability company or other entity in which the Company has a direct or indirect interest (whether in the form of voting or participation in profits or capital contribution) of more than 50 . (rr) Ten Percent Stockholder means a person who Owns (or is deemed to Own pursuant to Section 424(d) of the Code) stock possessing more than 10 of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or any Affiliate. 
 21. 

</EX-10.14>

<EX-10.15>
 9
 tmb-20221231xex10d15.htm
 EX-10.15

Exhibit 10.15 TRUCKER PATH, INC. 2021 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 1. General . (a) Eligible Stock Award Recipients . Employees, Directors and Consultants are eligible to receive Stock Awards. (b) Available Stock Awards . The Plan provides for the grant of the following types of Stock Awards: (i) Incentive Stock Options, (ii) Nonstatutory Stock Options, (iii) Stock Appreciation Rights, (iv) Restricted Stock Awards, (v) Restricted Stock Unit Awards and (vi) Other Stock Awards. (c) Purpose . The Plan, through the grant of Stock Awards, is intended to help the Company secure and retain the services of eligible award recipients, provide incentives for such persons to exert maximum efforts for the success of the Company and any Affiliate and provide a means by which the eligible recipients may benefit from increases in value of the Common Stock. 2. Administration . (a) Administration by the Board . The Board will administer the Plan. The Board may delegate administration of the Plan to a Committee or Committees, as provided in Section 2(c). (b) Powers of the Board . The Board will have the power, subject to, and within the limitations of, the express provisions of the Plan: (i) To determine (A) who will be granted Stock Awards; (B) when and how each Stock Award will be granted; (C) what type of Stock Award will be granted; (D) the provisions of each Stock Award (which need not be identical), including when a person will be permitted to exercise or otherwise receive cash or Common Stock under the Stock Award; (E) the number of shares of Common Stock subject to, or the cash value of, a Stock Award; and (F) the Fair Market Value applicable to a Stock Award. (ii) To construe and interpret the Plan and Stock Awards granted under it, and to establish, amend and revoke rules and regulations for administration of the Plan and Stock Awards. The Board, in the exercise of these powers, may correct any defect, omission or inconsistency in the Plan or in any Stock Award Agreement, in a manner and to the extent it will deem necessary or expedient to make the Plan or Stock Award fully effective. (iii) To settle all controversies regarding the Plan and Stock Awards granted under it. (iv) To accelerate, in whole or in part, the time at which a Stock Award may be exercised or vest (or the time at which cash or shares of Common Stock may be issued in settlement thereof). 
 1. 

 (v) To suspend or terminate the Plan at any time. Except as otherwise provided in the Plan or a Stock Award Agreement, suspension or termination of the Plan will not impair a Participant s rights under the Participant s then-outstanding Stock Award without the Participant s written consent except as provided in subsection (viii) below. (vi) To amend the Plan in any respect the Board deems necessary or advisable, including, without limitation, by adopting amendments relating to Incentive Stock Options and certain nonqualified deferred compensation under Section 409A of the Code and/or bringing the Plan or Stock Awards granted under the Plan into compliance with the requirements for Incentive Stock Options or ensuring that they are exempt from, or compliant with, the requirements for nonqualified deferred compensation under Section 409A of the Code, subject to the limitations, if any, of applicable law. If required by applicable law or listing requirements, and except as provided in Section 9(a) relating to Capitalization Adjustments, the Company will seek stockholder approval of any amendment of the Plan that (A) materially increases the number of shares of Common Stock available for issuance under the Plan, (B) materially expands the class of individuals eligible to receive Stock Awards under the Plan, (C) materially increases the benefits accruing to Participants under the Plan, (D) materially reduces the price at which shares of Common Stock may be issued or purchased under the Plan, (E) materially extends the term of the Plan, or (F) materially expands the types of Stock Awards available for issuance under the Plan. Except as otherwise provided in the Plan or a Stock Award Agreement, no amendment of the Plan will materially impair a Participant s rights under an outstanding Stock Award without the Participant s written consent. (vii) To submit any amendment to the Plan for stockholder approval, including, but not limited to, amendments to the Plan intended to satisfy the requirements of Section 422 of the Code regarding Incentive Stock Options. (viii) To approve forms of Stock Award Agreements for use under the Plan and to amend the terms of any one or more Stock Awards, including, but not limited to, amendments to provide terms more favorable to the Participant than previously provided in the Stock Award Agreement, subject to any specified limits in the Plan that are not subject to Board discretion; provided however, that a Participant s rights under any Stock Award will not be impaired by any such amendment unless (A) the Company requests the consent of the affected Participant, and (B) such Participant consents in writing. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (1) a Participant s rights will not be deemed to have been impaired by any such amendment if the Board, in its sole discretion, determines that the amendment, taken as a whole, does not materially impair the Participant s rights, and (2) subject to the limitations of applicable law, if any, the Board may amend the terms of any one or more Stock Awards without the affected Participant s consent (A) to maintain the qualified status of the Stock Award as an Incentive Stock Option under Section 422 of the Code; (B) to change the terms of an Incentive Stock Option, if such change results in impairment of the Stock Award solely because it impairs the qualified status of the Stock Award as an Incentive Stock Option under Section 422 of the Code; (C) to clarify the manner of exemption from, or to bring the Stock Award into compliance with, Section 409A of the Code; or (D) to comply with other applicable laws. (ix) Generally, to exercise such powers and to perform such acts as the Board deems necessary or expedient to promote the best interests of the Company and that are not in conflict with the provisions of the Plan or Stock Awards. (x) To adopt such procedures and sub-plans as are necessary or appropriate to permit participation in the Plan by Employees, Directors or Consultants who are foreign nationals or employed outside the United States (provided that Board approval will not be necessary for immaterial modifications 
 2. 

 to the Plan or any Stock Award Agreement that are required for compliance with the laws of the relevant foreign jurisdiction). (xi) To effect, with the consent of any adversely affected Participant, (A) the reduction of the exercise, purchase or strike price of any outstanding Stock Award; (B) the cancellation of any outstanding Stock Award and the grant in substitution therefor of a new (1) Option or SAR, (2) Restricted Stock Award, (3) Restricted Stock Unit Award, (4) Other Stock Award, (5) cash and/or (6) other valuable consideration determined by the Board, in its sole discretion, with any such substituted award (x) covering the same or a different number of shares of Common Stock as the cancelled Stock Award and (y) granted under the Plan or another equity or compensatory plan of the Company; or (C) any other action that is treated as a repricing under generally accepted accounting principles. (c) Delegation to Committee . The Board may delegate some or all of the administration of the Plan to a Committee or Committees. If administration of the Plan is delegated to a Committee, the Committee will have, in connection with the administration of the Plan, the powers theretofore possessed by the Board that have been delegated to the Committee, including the power to delegate to a subcommittee of the Committee any of the administrative powers the Committee is authorized to exercise (and references in this Plan to the Board will thereafter be to the Committee or subcommittee, as applicable). Any delegation of administrative powers will be reflected in resolutions, not inconsistent with the provisions of the Plan, adopted from time to time by the Board or Committee (as applicable). The Board may retain the authority to concurrently administer the Plan with the Committee and may, at any time, revest in the Board some or all of the powers previously delegated. (d) Delegation to an Officer . The Board may delegate to one or more Officers the authority to do one or both of the following: (i) designate Employees who are not Officers to be recipients of Options and SARs (and, to the extent permitted by applicable law, other Stock Awards) and, to the extent permitted by applicable law, the terms of such Stock Awards, and (ii) determine the number of shares of Common Stock to be subject to such Stock Awards granted to such Employees; provided, however , that the Board resolutions regarding such delegation will specify the total number of shares of Common Stock that may be subject to the Stock Awards granted by such Officer and that such Officer may not grant a Stock Award to himself or herself. Any such Stock Awards will be granted on the form of Stock Award Agreement most recently approved for use by the Committee or the Board, unless otherwise provided in the resolutions approving the delegation authority. The Board may not delegate authority to an Officer who is acting solely in the capacity of an Officer (and not also as a Director) to determine the Fair Market Value pursuant to Section 13(t) below. (e) Effect of Board s Decision . All determinations, interpretations and constructions made by the Board in good faith will not be subject to review by any person and will be final, binding and conclusive on all persons. 3. Shares Subject to the Plan . (a) Share Reserve . (i) Subject to Section 9(a) relating to Capitalization Adjustments, the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock that may be issued pursuant to Stock Awards from and after the Effective Date will not exceed 5,000,000 shares (the Share Reserve ). 
 3. 

 (ii) For clarity, the Share Reserve in this Section 3(a) is a limitation on the number of shares of Common Stock that may be issued pursuant to the Plan. Accordingly, this Section 3(a) does not limit the granting of Stock Awards except as provided in Section 7(a). (b) Reversion of Shares to the Share Reserve . If a Stock Award or any portion thereof (i) expires or otherwise terminates without all of the shares covered by such Stock Award having been issued or (ii) is settled in cash i.e. , the Participant receives cash rather than stock), such expiration, termination or settlement will not reduce (or otherwise offset) the number of shares of Common Stock that may be available for issuance under the Plan. If any shares of Common Stock issued pursuant to a Stock Award are forfeited back to or repurchased by the Company because of the failure to meet a contingency or condition required to vest such shares in the Participant, then the shares that are forfeited or repurchased will revert to and again become available for issuance under the Plan. Any shares reacquired by the Company in satisfaction of tax withholding obligations on a Stock Award or as consideration for the exercise or purchase price of a Stock Award will again become available for issuance under the Plan. (c) Incentive Stock Option Limit . Subject to the Share Reserve and Section 9(a) relating to Capitalization Adjustments, the aggregate maximum number of shares of Common Stock that may be issued pursuant to the exercise of Incentive Stock Options will be a number of shares of Common Stock equal to three multiplied by the Share Reserve. (d) Source of Shares . The stock issuable under the Plan will be shares of authorized but unissued or reacquired Common Stock, including shares repurchased by the Company on the open market or otherwise. 4. Eligibility . (a) Eligibility for Specific Stock Awards . Incentive Stock Options may be granted only to employees of the Company or a parent corporation or subsidiary corporation thereof (as such terms are defined in Sections 424(e) and 424(f) of the Code). Stock Awards other than Incentive Stock Options may be granted to Employees, Directors and Consultants; provided, however , that Stock Awards may not be granted to Employees, Directors and Consultants who are providing Continuous Service only to any parent of the Company, as such term is defined in Rule 405, unless (i) the stock underlying such Stock Awards is treated as service recipient stock under Section 409A of the Code (for example, because the Stock Awards are granted pursuant to a corporate transaction such as a spin off transaction), (ii) the Company, in consultation with its legal counsel, has determined that such Stock Awards are otherwise exempt from Section 409A of the Code, or (iii) the Company, in consultation with its legal counsel, has determined that such Stock Awards comply with the distribution requirements of Section 409A of the Code. (b) Ten Percent Stockholders . A Ten Percent Stockholder will not be granted an Incentive Stock Option unless the exercise price of such Option is at least 110 of the Fair Market Value on the date of grant and the Option is not exercisable after the expiration of five years from the date of grant. (c) Consultants . A Consultant will not be eligible for the grant of a Stock Award if, at the time of grant, either the offer or sale of the Company s securities to such Consultant is not exempt under Rule 701 because of the nature of the services that the Consultant is providing to the Company, because the Consultant is not a natural person, or because of any other provision of Rule 701, unless the Company determines that such grant need not comply with the requirements of Rule 701 and will satisfy another exemption under the Securities Act as well as comply with the securities laws of all other relevant jurisdictions . 
 4. 

 5. Provisions Relating to Options and Stock Appreciation Rights . Each Option or SAR will be in such form and will contain such terms and conditions as the Board deems appropriate. All Options will be separately designated Incentive Stock Options or Nonstatutory Stock Options at the time of grant, and, if certificates are issued, a separate certificate or certificates will be issued for shares of Common Stock purchased on exercise of each type of Option. If an Option is not specifically designated as an Incentive Stock Option, or if an Option is designated as an Incentive Stock Option but some portion or all of the Option fails to qualify as an Incentive Stock Option under the applicable rules, then the Option (or portion thereof) will be a Nonstatutory Stock Option. The provisions of separate Options or SARs need not be identical; provided, however , that each Stock Award Agreement will conform to (through incorporation of provisions hereof by reference in the applicable Stock Award Agreement or otherwise) the substance of each of the following provisions: (a) Term . Subject to the provisions of Section 4(b) regarding Ten Percent Stockholders, no Option or SAR will be exercisable after the expiration of 10 years from the date of its grant or such shorter period specified in the Stock Award Agreement. (b) Exercise Price . Subject to the provisions of Section 4(b) regarding Ten Percent Stockholders, the exercise or strike price of each Option or SAR will be not less than 100 of the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock subject to the Option or SAR on the date the Stock Award is granted. Notwithstanding the foregoing, an Option or SAR may be granted with an exercise or strike price lower than 100 of the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock subject to the Stock Award if such Stock Award is granted pursuant to an assumption of or substitution for another option or stock appreciation right pursuant to a Corporate Transaction and in a manner consistent with the provisions of Section 409A of the Code and, if applicable, Section 424(a) of the Code. Each SAR will be denominated in shares of Common Stock equivalents. (c) Purchase Price for Options . The purchase price of Common Stock acquired pursuant to the exercise of an Option may be paid, to the extent permitted by applicable law and as determined by the Board in its sole discretion, by any combination of the methods of payment set forth below. The Board will have the authority to grant Options that do not permit all of the following methods of payment (or otherwise restrict the ability to use certain methods) and to grant Options that require the consent of the Company to use a particular method of payment. The permitted methods of payment are as follows: (i) by cash, check, bank draft, electronic funds transfer or money order payable to the Company; (ii) subject to Company and/or Board consent at the time of exercise and provided that at the time of exercise the Common Stock is publicly traded, pursuant to a program developed under Regulation T as promulgated by the Federal Reserve Board that, prior to the issuance of Common Stock, results in either the receipt of cash (or check) by the Company or the receipt of irrevocable instructions to pay the aggregate exercise price to the Company from the sales proceeds. This manner of payment is also known as a broker-assisted exercise , same day sale , or sell to cover (iii) subject to Company and/or Board consent at the time of exercise and provided that at the time of exercise the Common Stock is publicly traded, by delivery to the Company (either by actual delivery or attestation) of already-owned shares of Common Stock that are owned free and clear of any liens, claims, encumbrances or security interests, and that are valued at Fair Market Value on the date of exercise. Delivery for these purposes, in the sole discretion of the Company and/or the Board, at the time 
 5. 

 Participant exercises their Option, will include delivery to the Company of Participant s attestation of ownership of such shares of Common Stock in a form approved by the Company. Participant may not exercise their option by delivery to the Company of Common Stock if doing so would violate the provisions of any law, regulation or agreement restricting the redemption of the Company s stock; (iv) subject to Company and/or Board consent at the time of exercise, and provided that the Option is a Nonstatutory Stock Option, by a net exercise arrangement pursuant to which the Company will reduce the number of shares of Common Stock issued upon exercise of the Option by the largest whole number of shares with a Fair Market Value that does not exceed the aggregate exercise price plus, to the extent permitted by the Company and/or Board at the time of exercise, the aggregate withholding obligations in respect of the Option exercise; provided, further that Participant must pay any remaining balance of the aggregate exercise price not satisfied by the net exercise in cash or other permitted form of payment. Shares of Common Stock will no longer be subject to the Option and will not be exercisable thereafter to the extent that (A) shares issuable upon exercise are used to pay the exercise price pursuant to the net exercise, (B) shares are delivered to the Participant as a result of such exercise, and (C) shares are withheld to satisfy tax withholding obligations; (v) according to a deferred payment or similar arrangement with the Optionholder; provided, however , that interest will compound at least annually and will be charged at the minimum rate of interest necessary to avoid (A) the imputation of interest income to the Company and compensation income to the Optionholder under any applicable provisions of the Code, and (B) the classification of the Option as a liability for financial accounting purposes; or (vi) in any other form of legal consideration that may be acceptable to the Board. (d) Exercise and Payment of a SAR . To exercise any outstanding SAR, the Participant must provide written notice of exercise to the Company in compliance with the provisions of the Stock Appreciation Right Agreement evidencing such SAR. The appreciation distribution payable on the exercise of a SAR will be not greater than an amount equal to the excess of (A) the aggregate Fair Market Value (on the date of the exercise of the SAR) of a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the number of Common Stock equivalents in which the Participant is vested under such SAR, and with respect to which the Participant is exercising the SAR on such date, over (B) the aggregate strike price of the number of Common Stock equivalents with respect to which the Participant is exercising the SAR on such date. The appreciation distribution may be paid in Common Stock, in cash, in any combination of the two or in any other form of consideration, as determined by the Board and contained in the Stock Award Agreement evidencing such SAR. (e) Transferability of Options and SARs . The Board may, in its sole discretion, impose such limitations on the transferability of Options and SARs as the Board will determine. In the absence of such a determination by the Board to the contrary, the following restrictions on the transferability of Options and SARs will apply: (i) Restrictions on Transfer . An Option or SAR will not be transferable except by will or by the laws of descent and distribution (or pursuant to subsections (ii) and (iii) below), and will be exercisable during the lifetime of the Participant only by the Participant. The Board may permit transfer of the Option or SAR in a manner that is not prohibited by applicable tax and securities laws. Except as explicitly provided in the Plan, neither an Option nor a SAR may be transferred for consideration. 
 6. 

 (ii) Domestic Relations Orders . Subject to the approval of the Board or a duly authorized Officer, an Option or SAR may be transferred pursuant to the terms of a domestic relations order, official marital settlement agreement or other divorce or separation instrument as permitted by Treasury Regulation 1.421-1(b)(2). If an Option is an Incentive Stock Option, such Option may be deemed to be a Nonstatutory Stock Option as a result of such transfer. (iii) Beneficiary Designation . Subject to the approval of the Board or a duly authorized Officer, a Participant may, by delivering written notice to the Company, in a form approved by the Company (or the designated broker), designate a third party who, upon the death of the Participant, will thereafter be entitled to exercise the Option or SAR and receive the Common Stock or other consideration resulting from such exercise. In the absence of such a designation, upon the death of the Participant, the executor or administrator of the Participant s estate will be entitled to exercise the Option or SAR and receive the Common Stock or other consideration resulting from such exercise. However, the Company may prohibit designation of a beneficiary at any time, including due to any conclusion by the Company that such designation would be inconsistent with the provisions of applicable laws. (f) Vesting Generally . The total number of shares of Common Stock subject to an Option or SAR may vest and therefore become exercisable in periodic installments that may or may not be equal. The Option or SAR may be subject to such other terms and conditions on the time or times when it may or may not be exercised (which may be based on the satisfaction of performance goals or other criteria) as the Board may deem appropriate. The vesting provisions of individual Options or SARs may vary. The provisions of this Section 5(f) are subject to any Option or SAR provisions governing the minimum number of shares of Common Stock as to which an Option or SAR may be exercised. (g) Termination of Continuous Service . Except as otherwise provided in the applicable Stock Award Agreement or other agreement between the Participant and the Company, if a Participant s Continuous Service terminates (other than for Cause and other than upon the Participant s death or Disability), the Participant may exercise his or her Option or SAR (to the extent that the Participant was entitled to exercise such Stock Award as of the date of termination of Continuous Service) within the period of time ending on the earlier of (i) the date three months following the termination of the Participant s Continuous Service (or such longer or shorter period specified in the applicable Stock Award Agreement, which period will not be less than 30 days if necessary to comply with applicable laws unless such termination is for Cause) and (ii) the expiration of the term of the Option or SAR as set forth in the Stock Award Agreement. If, after termination of Continuous Service, the Participant does not exercise his or her Option or SAR (as applicable) within the applicable time frame, the Option or SAR will terminate. (h) Extension of Termination Date . If the exercise of an Option or SAR following the termination of the Participant s Continuous Service (other than for Cause and other than upon the Participant s death or Disability) would be prohibited at any time solely because the issuance of shares of Common Stock would violate the registration requirements under the Securities Act, then the Option or SAR will terminate on the earlier of (i) the expiration of a total period of time (that need not be consecutive) equal to the applicable post-termination exercise period after the termination of the Participant s Continuous Service during which the exercise of the Option or SAR would not be in violation of such registration requirements, and (ii) the expiration of the term of the Option or SAR as set forth in the applicable Stock Award Agreement. In addition, unless otherwise provided in a Participant s Stock Award Agreement, if the sale of any Common Stock received upon exercise of an Option or SAR following the termination of the Participant s Continuous Service (other than for Cause) would violate the Company s insider trading policy, then the Option or SAR will terminate on the earlier of (i) the expiration of the period of time (that need not be consecutive) equal to the applicable post-termination exercise period after the termination of 
 7. 

 the Participant s Continuous Service during which the sale of the Common Stock received upon exercise of the Option or SAR would not be in violation of the Company s insider trading policy, and (ii) the expiration of the term of the Option or SAR as set forth in the applicable Stock Award Agreement. (i) Disability of Participant . Except as otherwise provided in the applicable Stock Award Agreement or other agreement between the Participant and the Company, if a Participant s Continuous Service terminates as a result of the Participant s Disability, the Participant may exercise his or her Option or SAR (to the extent that the Participant was entitled to exercise such Option or SAR as of the date of termination of Continuous Service), but only within such period of time ending on the earlier of (i) the date 12 months following such termination of Continuous Service (or such longer or shorter period specified in the Stock Award Agreement, which period will not be less than six months if necessary to comply with applicable laws unless such termination is for Cause), and (ii) the expiration of the term of the Option or SAR as set forth in the Stock Award Agreement. If, after termination of Continuous Service, the Participant does not exercise his or her Option or SAR within the applicable time frame, the Option or SAR (as applicable) will terminate. (j) Death of Participant . Except as otherwise provided in the applicable Stock Award Agreement or other agreement between the Participant and the Company, if (i) a Participant s Continuous Service terminates as a result of the Participant s death, or (ii) the Participant dies within the period (if any) specified in the Stock Award Agreement for exercisability after the termination of the Participant s Continuous Service (for a reason other than death), then the Option or SAR may be exercised (to the extent the Participant was entitled to exercise such Option or SAR as of the date of death) by the Participant s estate, by a person who acquired the right to exercise the Option or SAR by bequest or inheritance or by a person designated to exercise the Option or SAR upon the Participant s death, but only within the period ending on the earlier of (i) the date 18 months following the date of death (or such longer or shorter period specified in the Stock Award Agreement, which period will not be less than six months if necessary to comply with applicable laws unless such termination is for Cause), and (ii) the expiration of the term of such Option or SAR as set forth in the Stock Award Agreement. If, after the Participant s death, the Option or SAR is not exercised within the applicable time frame, the Option or SAR (as applicable) will terminate. (k) Termination for Cause . Except as explicitly provided otherwise in a Participant s Stock Award Agreement or other individual written agreement between the Company or any Affiliate and the Participant, if a Participant s Continuous Service is terminated for Cause, the Option or SAR will terminate immediately upon such Participant s termination of Continuous Service, and the Participant will be prohibited from exercising his or her Option or SAR (whether vested or unvested) from and after the date of such termination of Continuous Service. (l) Non-Exempt Employees . If an Option or SAR is granted to an Employee who is a non- exempt employee for purposes of the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938, as amended, the Option or SAR will not be first exercisable for any shares of Common Stock until at least six months following the date of grant of the Option or SAR (although the Stock Award may vest prior to such date). Consistent with the provisions of the Worker Economic Opportunity Act, (i) if such non-exempt Employee dies or suffers a Disability, (ii) upon a Corporate Transaction in which such Option or SAR is not assumed, continued, or substituted, (iii) upon a Change in Control, or (iv) upon the Participant s retirement (as such term may be defined in the Participant s Stock Award Agreement, in another agreement between the Participant and the Company, or, if no such definition, in accordance with the Company s then current employment policies and guidelines), the vested portion of any Options and SARs may be exercised earlier than six months following the date of grant. The foregoing provision is intended to operate so that any income derived by a non-exempt employee in connection with the exercise or vesting of an Option or SAR will be exempt 
 8. 

 from his or her regular rate of pay. To the extent permitted and/or required for compliance with the Worker Economic Opportunity Act to ensure that any income derived by a non-exempt employee in connection with the exercise, vesting or issuance of any shares under any other Stock Award will be exempt from the employee s regular rate of pay, the provisions of this Section 5(l) will apply to all Stock Awards and are hereby incorporated by reference into such Stock Award Agreements. (m) Early Exercise of Options . An Option may, but need not, include a provision whereby the Optionholder may elect at any time before the Optionholder s Continuous Service terminates to exercise the Option as to any part or all of the shares of Common Stock subject to the Option prior to the full vesting of the Option. Subject to the Repurchase Limitation in Section 8(l), any unvested shares of Common Stock so purchased may be subject to a repurchase right in favor of the Company or to any other restriction the Board determines to be appropriate. Provided that the Repurchase Limitation in Section 8(l) is not violated, the Company will not be required to exercise its repurchase right until at least six months (or such longer or shorter period of time required to avoid classification of the Option as a liability for financial accounting purposes) have elapsed following exercise of the Option unless the Board otherwise specifically provides in the Option Agreement. (n) Right of Repurchase . Subject to the Repurchase Limitation in Section 8(l), the Option or SAR may include a provision whereby the Company may elect to repurchase all or any part of the vested shares of Common Stock acquired by the Participant pursuant to the exercise of the Option or SAR. (o) Right of First Refusal . The Option or SAR may include a provision whereby the Company may elect to exercise a right of first refusal following receipt of notice from the Participant of the intent to transfer all or any part of the shares of Common Stock received upon the exercise of the Option or SAR. Such right of first refusal will be subject to the Repurchase Limitation in Section 8(l). Except as expressly provided in this Section 5(o) or in the Stock Award Agreement, such right of first refusal will otherwise comply with any applicable provisions of the bylaws of the Company. 6. Provisions of Stock Awards Other than Options and SARs . (a) Restricted Stock Awards . Each Restricted Stock Award Agreement will be in such form and will contain such terms and conditions as the Board will deem appropriate. To the extent consistent with the Company s bylaws, at the Board s election, shares of Common Stock underlying a Restricted Stock Award may be (i) held in book entry form subject to the Company s instructions until any restrictions relating to the Restricted Stock Award lapse; or (ii) evidenced by a certificate, which certificate will be held in such form and manner as determined by the Board. The terms and conditions of Restricted Stock Award Agreements may change from time to time, and the terms and conditions of separate Restricted Stock Award Agreements need not be identical. Each Restricted Stock Award Agreement will conform to (through incorporation of the provisions hereof by reference in the agreement or otherwise) the substance of each of the following provisions: (i) Consideration . A Restricted Stock Award may be awarded in consideration for (A) cash, check, bank draft or money order payable to the Company, (B) past services to the Company or an Affiliate, or (C) any other form of legal consideration (including future services) that may be acceptable to the Board, in its sole discretion, and permissible under applicable law. (ii) Vesting . Subject to the Repurchase Limitation in Section 8(l), shares of Common Stock awarded under the Restricted Stock Award Agreement may be subject to forfeiture to the Company in accordance with a vesting schedule to be determined by the Board. 
 9. 

 (iii) Termination of Participant s Continuous Service . If a Participant s Continuous Service terminates, the Company may receive through a forfeiture condition or a repurchase right, any or all of the shares of Common Stock held by the Participant that have not vested as of the date of termination of Continuous Service under the terms of the Restricted Stock Award Agreement. (iv) Transferability . Rights to acquire shares of Common Stock under the Restricted Stock Award Agreement will be transferable by the Participant only upon such terms and conditions as are set forth in the Restricted Stock Award Agreement, as the Board will determine in its sole discretion, so long as Common Stock awarded under the Restricted Stock Award Agreement remains subject to the terms of the Restricted Stock Award Agreement. (v) Dividends . A Restricted Stock Award Agreement may provide that any dividends paid on Restricted Stock will be subject to the same vesting and forfeiture restrictions as apply to the shares subject to the Restricted Stock Award to which they relate. (b) Restricted Stock Unit Awards . Each Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement will be in such form and will contain such terms and conditions as the will Board deem appropriate. The terms and conditions of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreements may change from time to time, and the terms and conditions of separate Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreements need not be identical. Each Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement will conform to (through incorporation of the provisions hereof by reference in the Agreement or otherwise) the substance of each of the following provisions: (i) Consideration . At the time of grant of a Restricted Stock Unit Award, the Board will determine the consideration, if any, to be paid by the Participant upon delivery of each share of Common Stock subject to the Restricted Stock Unit Award. The consideration to be paid (if any) by the Participant for each share of Common Stock subject to a Restricted Stock Unit Award may be paid in any form of legal consideration that may be acceptable to the Board, in its sole discretion, and permissible under applicable law. (ii) Vesting . At the time of the grant of a Restricted Stock Unit Award, the Board may impose such restrictions on or conditions to the vesting of the Restricted Stock Unit Award as it, in its sole discretion, deems appropriate. (iii) Payment . A Restricted Stock Unit Award may be settled by the delivery of shares of Common Stock, their cash equivalent, any combination thereof or in any other form of consideration, as determined by the Board and contained in the Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement. (iv) Additional Restrictions . At the time of the grant of a Restricted Stock Unit Award, the Board, as it deems appropriate, may impose such restrictions or conditions that delay the delivery of the shares of Common Stock (or their cash equivalent) subject to a Restricted Stock Unit Award to a time after the vesting of such Restricted Stock Unit Award. (v) Dividend Equivalents . Dividend equivalents may be credited in respect of shares of Common Stock covered by a Restricted Stock Unit Award, as determined by the Board and contained in the Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement. At the sole discretion of the Board, such dividend equivalents may be converted into additional shares of Common Stock covered by the Restricted Stock Unit Award in such manner as determined by the Board. Any additional shares covered by the Restricted Stock Unit Award credited by reason of such dividend equivalents will be subject to all of the same terms and conditions of the underlying Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement to which they relate. 
 10. 

 (vi) Termination of Participant s Continuous Service . Except as otherwise provided in the applicable Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement, such portion of the Restricted Stock Unit Award that has not vested will be forfeited upon the Participant s termination of Continuous Service. (vii) Compliance with Section 409A of the Code . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, any Restricted Stock Unit Award granted under the Plan that is not exempt from the requirements of Section 409A of the Code will contain such provisions so that such Restricted Stock Unit Award will comply with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code. Such restrictions, if any, will be determined by the Board and contained in the Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement evidencing such Restricted Stock Unit Award. For example, such restrictions may include, without limitation, a requirement that any Common Stock that is to be issued in a year following the year in which the Restricted Stock Unit Award vests must be issued in accordance with a fixed pre-determined schedule. (c) Other Stock Awards . Other forms of Stock Awards valued in whole or in part by reference to, or otherwise based on, Common Stock, including the appreciation in value thereof (e.g., options or stock rights with an exercise price or strike price less than 100 of the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock at the time of grant) may be granted either alone or in addition to Stock Awards provided for under Section 5 and the preceding provisions of this Section 6. Subject to the provisions of the Plan, the Board will have sole and complete authority to determine the persons to whom and the time or times at which such Other Stock Awards will be granted, the number of shares of Common Stock (or the cash equivalent thereof) to be granted pursuant to such Other Stock Awards and all other terms and conditions of such Other Stock Awards. 7. Covenants of the Company . (a) Availability of Shares . The Company will keep available at all times the number of shares of Common Stock reasonably required to satisfy then-outstanding Stock Awards. (b) Securities Law Compliance . The Company will seek to obtain from each regulatory commission or agency having jurisdiction over the Plan such authority as may be required to grant Stock Awards and to issue and sell shares of Common Stock upon exercise of the Stock Awards; provided, however, that this undertaking will not require the Company to register under the Securities Act the Plan, any Stock Award or any Common Stock issued or issuable pursuant to any such Stock Award. If, after reasonable efforts and at a reasonable cost, the Company is unable to obtain from any such regulatory commission or agency the authority that counsel for the Company deems necessary for the lawful issuance and sale of Common Stock under the Plan, the Company will be relieved from any liability for failure to issue and sell Common Stock upon exercise of such Stock Awards unless and until such authority is obtained. A Participant will not be eligible for the grant of a Stock Award or the subsequent issuance of cash or Common Stock pursuant to the Stock Award if such grant or issuance would be in violation of any applicable securities law. (c) No Obligation to Notify or Minimize Taxes . The Company will have no duty or obligation to any Participant to advise such holder as to the time or manner of exercising such Stock Award. Furthermore, the Company will have no duty or obligation to warn or otherwise advise such holder of a pending termination or expiration of a Stock Award or a possible period in which the Stock Award may not be exercised. The Company has no duty or obligation to minimize the tax consequences of a Stock Award to the holder of such Stock Award. 
 11. 

 8. Miscellaneous . (a) Use of Proceeds from Sales of Common Stock . Proceeds from the sale of shares of Common Stock pursuant to Stock Awards will constitute general funds of the Company. (b) Corporate Action Constituting Grant of Stock Awards . Corporate action constituting a grant by the Company of a Stock Award to any Participant will be deemed completed as of the date of such corporate action, unless otherwise determined by the Board, regardless of when the instrument, certificate, or letter evidencing the Stock Award is communicated to, or actually received or accepted by, the Participant. In the event that the corporate records (e.g., Board consents, resolutions or minutes) documenting the corporate action constituting the grant contain terms (e.g., exercise price, vesting schedule or number of shares) that are inconsistent with those in the Stock Award Agreement or related grant documents as a result of a clerical error in the papering of the Stock Award Agreement or related grant documents, the corporate records will control and the Participant will have no legally binding right to the incorrect term in the Stock Award Agreement or related grant documents. (c) Stockholder Rights . No Participant will be deemed to be the holder of, or to have any of the rights of a holder with respect to, any shares of Common Stock subject to a Stock Award unless and until (i) such Participant has satisfied all requirements for exercise of, or the issuance of shares of Common Stock under, the Stock Award pursuant to its terms, and (ii) the issuance of the Common Stock subject to the Stock Award has been entered into the books and records of the Company. (d) No Employment or Other Service Rights . Nothing in the Plan, any Stock Award Agreement or any other instrument executed thereunder or in connection with any Stock Award granted pursuant thereto will confer upon any Participant any right to continue to serve the Company or an Affiliate in the capacity in effect at the time the Stock Award was granted or will affect the right of the Company or an Affiliate to terminate (i) the employment of an Employee with or without notice and with or without cause, (ii) the service of a Consultant pursuant to the terms of such Consultant s agreement with the Company or an Affiliate, or (iii) the service of a Director pursuant to the bylaws of the Company or an Affiliate, and any applicable provisions of the corporate law of the state in which the Company or the Affiliate is incorporated, as the case may be. (e) Change in Time Commitment . In the event a Participant s regular level of time commitment in the performance of his or her services for the Company and any Affiliates is reduced (for example, and without limitation, if the Participant is an Employee of the Company and the Employee has a change in status from a full-time Employee to a part-time Employee or takes an extended leave of absence) after the date of grant of any Stock Award to the Participant, the Board has the right in its sole discretion to (x) make a corresponding reduction in the number of shares subject to any portion of such Stock Award that is scheduled to vest or become payable after the date of such change in time commitment, and (y) in lieu of or in combination with such a reduction, extend the vesting or payment schedule applicable to such Stock Award. In the event of any such reduction, the Participant will have no right with respect to any portion of the Stock Award that is so reduced or extended. (f) Incentive Stock Option Limitations . To the extent that the aggregate Fair Market Value (determined at the time of grant) of Common Stock with respect to which Incentive Stock Options are exercisable for the first time by any Optionholder during any calendar year (under all plans of the Company and any Affiliates) exceeds 100,000 (or such other limit established in the Code) or otherwise does not comply with the rules governing Incentive Stock Options, the Options or portions thereof that exceed such limit (according to the order in which they were granted) or otherwise do not comply with such rules will 
 12. 

 be treated as Nonstatutory Stock Options, notwithstanding any contrary provision of the applicable Option Agreement. (g) Investment Assurances . The Company may require a Participant, as a condition of exercising or acquiring Common Stock under any Stock Award, (i) to give written assurances satisfactory to the Company as to the Participant s knowledge and experience in financial and business matters and/or to employ a purchaser representative reasonably satisfactory to the Company who is knowledgeable and experienced in financial and business matters and that the Participant is capable of evaluating, alone or together with the purchaser representative, the merits and risks of exercising the Stock Award; and (ii) to give written assurances satisfactory to the Company stating that the Participant is acquiring Common Stock subject to the Stock Award for the Participant s own account and not with any present intention of selling or otherwise distributing the Common Stock. The foregoing requirements, and any assurances given pursuant to such requirements, will be inoperative if (A) the issuance of the shares upon the exercise or acquisition of Common Stock under the Stock Award has been registered under a then currently effective registration statement under the Securities Act, or (B) as to any particular requirement, a determination is made by counsel for the Company that such requirement need not be met in the circumstances under the then applicable securities laws. The Company may, upon advice of counsel to the Company, place legends on stock certificates issued under the Plan as such counsel deems necessary or appropriate in order to comply with applicable securities laws, including, but not limited to, legends restricting the transfer of the Common Stock. (h) Withholding Obligations . Unless prohibited by the terms of a Stock Award Agreement, the Company may, in its sole discretion, satisfy any federal, state or local tax withholding obligation relating to a Stock Award by any of the following means or by a combination of such means: (i) causing the Participant to tender a cash payment; (ii) withholding shares of Common Stock from the shares of Common Stock issued or otherwise issuable to the Participant in connection with the Stock Award; provided, however , that no shares of Common Stock are withheld with a value exceeding the maximum amount of tax required to be withheld by law (or such lesser amount as may be necessary to avoid classification of the Stock Award as a liability for financial accounting purposes); (iii) withholding cash from a Stock Award settled in cash; (iv) withholding payment from any amounts otherwise payable to the Participant; or (v) by such other method as may be set forth in the Stock Award Agreement. (i) Electronic Delivery . Any reference herein to a written agreement or document will include any agreement or document delivered electronically or posted on the Company s intranet (or other shared electronic medium controlled by the Company to which the Participant has access). (j) Deferrals . To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Board, in its sole discretion, may determine that the delivery of Common Stock or the payment of cash, upon the exercise, vesting or settlement of all or a portion of any Stock Award may be deferred and may establish programs and procedures for deferral elections to be made by Participants. Deferrals by Participants will be made in accordance with Section 409A of the Code. Consistent with Section 409A of the Code, the Board may provide for distributions while a Participant is still an employee or otherwise providing services to the Company. The Board is authorized to make deferrals of Stock Awards and determine when, and in what annual percentages, Participants may receive payments, including lump sum payments, following the Participant s termination of Continuous Service, and implement such other terms and conditions consistent with the provisions of the Plan and in accordance with applicable law. (k) Compliance with Section 409A of the Code . To the extent that the Board determines that any Stock Award granted hereunder is subject to Section 409A of the Code, the Stock Award Agreement 
 13. 

 evidencing such Stock Award will incorporate the terms and conditions necessary to avoid the consequences specified in Section 409A(a)(1) of the Code. To the extent applicable, the Plan and Stock Award Agreements will be interpreted in accordance with Section 409A of the Code. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan (and unless the Stock Award Agreement specifically provides otherwise), if the shares of Common Stock are publicly traded, and if a Participant holding a Stock Award that constitutes deferred compensation under Section 409A of the Code is a specified employee for purposes of Section 409A of the Code, no distribution or payment of any amount that is due because of a separation from service (as defined in Section 409A of the Code without regard to alternative definitions thereunder) will be issued or paid before the date that is six months following the date of such Participant s separation from service (as defined in Section 409A of the Code without regard to alternative definitions thereunder) or, if earlier, the date of the Participant s death, unless such distribution or payment can be made in a manner that complies with Section 409A of the Code, and any amounts so deferred will be paid in a lump sum on the day after such six month period elapses, with the balance paid thereafter on the original schedule. (l) Repurchase Limitation . The terms of any repurchase right will be specified in the Stock Award Agreement. The repurchase price for vested shares of Common Stock will be the Fair Market Value of the shares of Common Stock on the date of repurchase. The repurchase price for unvested shares of Common Stock will be the lower of (i) the Fair Market Value of the shares of Common Stock on the date of repurchase or (ii) their original purchase price. However, the Company will not exercise its repurchase right until at least six months (or such longer or shorter period of time necessary to avoid classification of the Stock Award as a liability for financial accounting purposes) have elapsed following delivery of shares of Common Stock subject to the Stock Award, unless otherwise specifically provided by the Board. 9. Adjustments upon Changes in Common Stock; Other Corporate Events . (a) Capitalization Adjustments . In the event of a Capitalization Adjustment, the Board will appropriately and proportionately adjust: (i) the class(es) and maximum number of securities subject to the Plan pursuant to Section 3(a), (ii) the class(es) and maximum number of securities that may be issued pursuant to the exercise of Incentive Stock Options pursuant to Section 3(c), and (iii) the class(es) and number of securities and price per share of stock subject to outstanding Stock Awards. The Board will make such adjustments, and its determination will be final, binding and conclusive. (b) Dissolution or Liquidation . Except as otherwise provided in the Stock Award Agreement, in the event of a dissolution or liquidation of the Company, all outstanding Stock Awards (other than Stock Awards consisting of vested and outstanding shares of Common Stock not subject to a forfeiture condition or the Company s right of repurchase) will terminate immediately prior to the completion of such dissolution or liquidation, and the shares of Common Stock subject to the Company s repurchase rights or subject to a forfeiture condition may be repurchased or reacquired by the Company notwithstanding the fact that the holder of such Stock Award is providing Continuous Service, provided, however, that the Board may, in its sole discretion, cause some or all Stock Awards to become fully vested, exercisable and/or no longer subject to repurchase or forfeiture (to the extent such Stock Awards have not previously expired or terminated) before the dissolution or liquidation is completed but contingent on its completion. (c) Corporate Transaction . The following provisions will apply to Stock Awards in the event of a Corporate Transaction unless otherwise provided in the instrument evidencing the Stock Award or any other written agreement between the Company or any Affiliate and the Participant or unless otherwise expressly provided by the Board at the time of grant of a Stock Award. In the event of a Corporate Transaction, then, notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan, the Board may take one or more of the 
 14. 

 following actions with respect to Stock Awards, contingent upon the closing or completion of the Corporate Transaction: (i) arrange for the surviving corporation or acquiring corporation (or the surviving or acquiring corporation s parent company) to assume or continue the Stock Award or to substitute a similar stock award for the Stock Award (including, but not limited to, an award to acquire the same consideration paid to the stockholders of the Company pursuant to the Corporate Transaction); (ii) arrange for the assignment of any reacquisition or repurchase rights held by the Company in respect of Common Stock issued pursuant to the Stock Award to the surviving corporation or acquiring corporation (or the surviving or acquiring corporation s parent company); (iii) accelerate the vesting, in whole or in part, of the Stock Award (and, if applicable, the time at which the Stock Award may be exercised) to a date prior to the effective time of such Corporate Transaction as the Board determines (or, if the Board does not determine such a date, to the date that is five days prior to the effective date of the Corporate Transaction), with such Stock Award terminating if not exercised (if applicable) at or prior to the effective time of the Corporate Transaction; provided, however , that the Board may require Participants to complete and deliver to the Company a notice of exercise before the effective date of a Corporate Transaction, which exercise is contingent upon the effectiveness of such Corporate Transaction; (iv) arrange for the lapse, in whole or in part, of any reacquisition or repurchase rights held by the Company with respect to the Stock Award; (v) cancel or arrange for the cancellation of the Stock Award, to the extent not vested or not exercised prior to the effective time of the Corporate Transaction, in exchange for such cash consideration (including no consideration) as the Board, in its sole discretion, may consider appropriate; and (vi) make a payment, in such form as may be determined by the Board equal to the excess, if any, of (A) the value of the property the Participant would have received upon the exercise of the Stock Award immediately prior to the effective time of the Corporate Transaction, over (B) any exercise price payable by such holder in connection with such exercise. For clarity, this payment may be zero 0) if the value of the property is equal to or less than the exercise price. Payments under this provision may be delayed to the same extent that payment of consideration to the holders of the Company s Common Stock in connection with the Corporate Transaction is delayed as a result of escrows, earn outs, holdbacks or any other contingencies. The Board need not take the same action or actions with respect to all Stock Awards or portions thereof or with respect to all Participants. The Board may take different actions with respect to the vested and unvested portions of a Stock Award. (d) Change in Control . A Stock Award may be subject to additional acceleration of vesting and exercisability upon or after a Change in Control as may be provided in the Stock Award Agreement for such Stock Award or as may be provided in any other written agreement between the Company or any Affiliate and the Participant, but in the absence of such provision, no such acceleration will occur. 
 15. 

 10. Plan Term; Earlier Termination or Suspension of the Plan . (a) Plan Term . The Board may suspend or terminate the Plan at any time. Unless terminated sooner by the Board, the Plan will automatically terminate on the day before the 10th anniversary of the earlier of (i) the date the Plan is adopted by the Board, or (ii) the date the Plan is approved by the stockholders of the Company. No Stock Awards may be granted under the Plan while the Plan is suspended or after it is terminated. (b) No Impairment of Rights . Suspension or termination of the Plan will not impair rights and obligations under any Stock Award granted while the Plan is in effect except with the written consent of the affected Participant or as otherwise permitted in the Plan. 11. Effective Date of Plan . This Plan will become effective on the Effective Date. 12. Choice of Law . The laws of the State of Delaware will govern all questions concerning the construction, validity and interpretation of this Plan, without regard to that state s conflict of laws rules. 13. Definitions . As used in the Plan, the following definitions will apply to the capitalized terms indicated below: (a) Affiliate means, at the time of determination, any parent or majority-owned subsidiary of the Company, as such terms are defined in Rule 405. The Board will have the authority to determine the time or times at which parent or majority-owned subsidiary status is determined within the foregoing definition. (b) Board means the Board of Directors of the Company. (c) Capitalization Adjustment means any change that is made in, or other events that occur with respect to, the Common Stock subject to the Plan or subject to any Stock Award after the Effective Date without the receipt of consideration by the Company through merger, consolidation, reorganization, recapitalization, reincorporation, stock dividend, dividend in property other than cash, large nonrecurring cash dividend, stock split, reverse stock split, liquidating dividend, combination of shares, exchange of shares, change in corporate structure, or any similar equity restructuring transaction, as that term is used in Statement of Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718 (or any successor thereto). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the conversion of any convertible securities of the Company will not be treated as a Capitalization Adjustment. (d) Cause will have the meaning ascribed to such term in any written agreement between the Participant and the Company defining such term and, in the absence of such agreement, such term means, with respect to a Participant, the occurrence of any of the following events: (i) such Participant s commission of any felony or any crime involving fraud, dishonesty or moral turpitude under the laws of the United States or any state thereof; (ii) such Participant s attempted commission of, or participation in, a fraud or act of dishonesty against the Company, or any of its employees or directors; (iii) such Participant s intentional, material violation of any contract or agreement between the Participant and the Company, the Company s employment policies, or of any statutory or other duty owed to the Company; (iv) such Participant s unauthorized use or disclosure of the Company s confidential information or trade 
 16. 

 secrets; or (v) such Participant s gross misconduct. The determination that a termination of the Participant s Continuous Service is either for Cause or without Cause will be made by the Company, in its sole discretion. Any determination by the Company that the Continuous Service of a Participant was terminated with or without Cause for the purposes of outstanding Stock Awards held by such Participant will have no effect upon any determination of the rights or obligations of the Company or such Participant for any other purpose. (e) Change in Control means the occurrence, in a single transaction or in a series of related transactions, of any one or more of the following events: (i) any Exchange Act Person becomes the Owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing more than 50 of the combined voting power of the Company s then outstanding securities other than by virtue of a merger, consolidation or similar transaction. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Change in Control will not be deemed to occur (A) on account of the acquisition of securities of the Company directly from the Company, (B) on account of the acquisition of securities of the Company by an investor, any affiliate thereof or any other Exchange Act Person that acquires the Company s securities in a transaction or series of related transactions the primary purpose of which is to obtain financing for the Company through the issuance of equity securities or (C) solely because the level of Ownership held by any Exchange Act Person (the Subject Person exceeds the designated percentage threshold of the outstanding voting securities as a result of a repurchase or other acquisition of voting securities by the Company reducing the number of shares outstanding, provided that if a Change in Control would occur (but for the operation of this sentence) as a result of the acquisition of voting securities by the Company, and after such share acquisition, the Subject Person becomes the Owner of any additional voting securities that, assuming the repurchase or other acquisition had not occurred, increases the percentage of the then outstanding voting securities Owned by the Subject Person over the designated percentage threshold, then a Change in Control will be deemed to occur; (ii) there is consummated a merger, consolidation or similar transaction involving (directly or indirectly) the Company and, immediately after the consummation of such merger, consolidation or similar transaction, the stockholders of the Company immediately prior thereto do not Own, directly or indirectly, either (A) outstanding voting securities representing more than 50 of the combined outstanding voting power of the surviving Entity in such merger, consolidation or similar transaction or (B) more than 50 of the combined outstanding voting power of the parent of the surviving Entity in such merger, consolidation or similar transaction, in each case in substantially the same proportions as their Ownership of the outstanding voting securities of the Company immediately prior to such transaction; or (iii) there is consummated a sale, lease, exclusive license or other disposition of all or substantially all of the consolidated assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries, other than a sale, lease, license or other disposition of all or substantially all of the consolidated assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries to an Entity, more than 50 of the combined voting power of the voting securities of which are Owned by stockholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their Ownership of the outstanding voting securities of the Company immediately prior to such sale, lease, license or other disposition. Notwithstanding the foregoing definition or any other provision of this Plan, (A) the term Change in Control will not include a sale of assets, merger or other transaction effected exclusively for the purpose of changing the domicile of the Company, (B) the definition of Change in Control (or any analogous term) in an individual written agreement between the Company or any Affiliate and the Participant will supersede the 
 17. 

 foregoing definition with respect to Stock Awards subject to such agreement; provided, however , that if no definition of Change in Control or any analogous term is set forth in such an individual written agreement, the definition set forth herein will apply, and (C) if at any time the Company s Certificate of Incorporation provides definitions of various analogous transactions that would be deemed a liquidation event for the Company, then such definition will apply as if it were the definition set forth herein except as is otherwise expressly provided in an individual written agreement between the Company or any Affiliate and the Participant. (f) Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, including any applicable regulations and guidance thereunder. (g) Committee means a committee of one or more Directors to whom authority has been delegated by the Board in accordance with Section 2(c). (h) Common Stock means the common stock of the Company. (i) Company means Trucker Path, Inc., a Delaware corporation. (j) Consultant means any person, including an advisor, who is (i) engaged by the Company or an Affiliate to render consulting or advisory services and is compensated for such services, or (ii) serving as a member of the board of directors of an Affiliate and is compensated for such services. However, service solely as a Director, or payment of a fee for such service, will not cause a Director to be considered a Consultant for purposes of the Plan. (k) Continuous Service means that the Participant s service with the Company or an Affiliate, whether as an Employee, Director or Consultant, is not interrupted or terminated. A change in the capacity in which the Participant renders service to the Company or an Affiliate as an Employee, Director or Consultant or a change in the Entity for which the Participant renders such service, provided that there is no interruption or termination of the Participant s service with the Company or an Affiliate, will not terminate a Participant s Continuous Service; provided, however , that if the Entity for which a Participant is rendering services ceases to qualify as an Affiliate, as determined by the Board in its sole discretion, such Participant s Continuous Service will be considered to have terminated on the date such Entity ceases to qualify as an Affiliate. For example, a change in status from an Employee of the Company to a Consultant of an Affiliate or to a Director will not constitute an interruption of Continuous Service. To the extent permitted by law, the Board or the chief executive officer of the Company, in that party s sole discretion, may determine whether Continuous Service will be considered interrupted in the case of (i) any leave of absence approved by the Board or chief executive officer, including sick leave, military leave or any other personal leave, or (ii) transfers between the Company, an Affiliate, or their successors. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a leave of absence will be treated as Continuous Service for purposes of vesting in a Stock Award only to such extent as may be provided in the Company s leave of absence policy, in the written terms of any leave of absence agreement or policy applicable to the Participant, or as otherwise required by law. (l) Corporate Transaction means the consummation, in a single transaction or in a series of related transactions, of any one or more of the following events: (i) a sale or other disposition of all or substantially all, as determined by the Board in its sole discretion, of the consolidated assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries; 
 18. 

 (ii) a sale or other disposition of more than 50 of the outstanding securities of the Company; (iii) a merger, consolidation or similar transaction following which the Company is not the surviving corporation; or (iv) a merger, consolidation or similar transaction following which the Company is the surviving corporation but the shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately preceding the merger, consolidation or similar transaction are converted or exchanged by virtue of the merger, consolidation or similar transaction into other property, whether in the form of securities, cash or otherwise. (m) Director means a member of the Board. (n) Disability means, with respect to a Participant, the inability of such Participant to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or that has lasted or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than twelve (12) months as provided in Sections 22(e)(3) and 409A(a)(2)(c)(i) of the Code, and will be determined by the Board on the basis of such medical evidence as the Board deems warranted under the circumstances. (o) Effective Date means the effective date of this Plan, which is the earlier of (i) the date that this Plan is first approved by the Company s stockholders, and (ii) the date this Plan is adopted by the Board. (p) Employee means any person employed by the Company or an Affiliate. However, service solely as a Director, or payment of a fee for such services, will not cause a Director to be considered an Employee for purposes of the Plan. (q) Entity means a corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other entity. (r) Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. (s) Exchange Act Person means any natural person, Entity or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d) or 14(d) of the Exchange Act), except that Exchange Act Person will not include (i) the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company, (ii) any employee benefit plan of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company or any trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company, (iii) an underwriter temporarily holding securities pursuant to a registered public offering of such securities, (iv) an Entity Owned, directly or indirectly, by the stockholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their Ownership of stock of the Company; or (v) any natural person, Entity or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d) or 14(d) of the Exchange Act) that, as of the Effective Date, is the Owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing more than 50 of the combined voting power of the Company s then outstanding securities. (t) Fair Market Value means, as of any date, the value of the Common Stock determined by the Board in compliance with Section 409A of the Code or, in the case of an Incentive Stock Option, in compliance with Section 422 of the Code. 
 19. 

 (u) Incentive Stock Option means an option granted pursuant to Section 5 of the Plan that is intended to be, and that qualifies as, an incentive stock option within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code. (v) Nonstatutory Stock Option means an option granted pursuant to Section 5 of the Plan that does not qualify as an Incentive Stock Option. (w) Officer means any person designated by the Company as an officer. (x) Option means an Incentive Stock Option or a Nonstatutory Stock Option to purchase shares of Common Stock granted pursuant to the Plan. (y) Option Agreement means a written agreement between the Company and an Optionholder evidencing the terms and conditions of an Option grant. Each Option Agreement will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. (z) Optionholder means a person to whom an Option is granted pursuant to the Plan or, if applicable, such other person who holds an outstanding Option. (aa) Other Stock Award means an award based in whole or in part by reference to the Common Stock which is granted pursuant to the terms and conditions of Section 6(c). (bb) Other Stock Award Agreement means a written agreement between the Company and a holder of an Other Stock Award evidencing the terms and conditions of an Other Stock Award grant. Each Other Stock Award Agreement will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. (cc) Own , Owned , Owner , Ownership A person or Entity will be deemed to Own, to have Owned, to be the Owner of, or to have acquired Ownership of securities if such person or Entity, directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement, understanding, relationship or otherwise, has or shares voting power, which includes the power to vote or to direct the voting, with respect to such securities. (dd) Participant means a person to whom a Stock Award is granted pursuant to the Plan or, if applicable, such other person who holds an outstanding Stock Award. (ee) Plan means this 2020 Equity Incentive Plan. (ff) Restricted Stock Award means an award of shares of Common Stock which is granted pursuant to the terms and conditions of Section 6(a). (gg) Restricted Stock Award Agreement means a written agreement between the Company and a holder of a Restricted Stock Award evidencing the terms and conditions of a Restricted Stock Award grant. Each Restricted Stock Award Agreement will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. (hh) Restricted Stock Unit Award means a right to receive shares of Common Stock which is granted pursuant to the terms and conditions of Section 6(b). (ii) Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement means a written agreement between the Company and a holder of a Restricted Stock Unit Award evidencing the terms and conditions of a Restricted 
 20. 

 Stock Unit Award grant. Each Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. (jj) Rule 405 means Rule 405 promulgated under the Securities Act. (kk) Rule 701 means Rule 701 promulgated under the Securities Act. (ll) Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. (mm) Stock Appreciation Right or SAR means a right to receive the appreciation on Common Stock that is granted pursuant to the terms and conditions of Section 5. (nn) Stock Appreciation Right Agreement means a written agreement between the Company and a holder of a Stock Appreciation Right evidencing the terms and conditions of a Stock Appreciation Right grant. Each Stock Appreciation Right Agreement will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. (oo) Stock Award means any right to receive Common Stock granted under the Plan, including an Incentive Stock Option, a Nonstatutory Stock Option, a Restricted Stock Award, a Restricted Stock Unit Award, a Stock Appreciation Right or any Other Stock Award. (pp) Stock Award Agreement means a written agreement between the Company and a Participant evidencing the terms and conditions of a Stock Award grant. Each Stock Award Agreement will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. (qq) Subsidiary means, with respect to the Company, (i) any corporation of which more than 50 of the outstanding capital stock having ordinary voting power to elect a majority of the board of directors of such corporation (irrespective of whether, at the time, stock of any other class or classes of such corporation will have or might have voting power by reason of the happening of any contingency) is at the time, directly or indirectly, Owned by the Company, and (ii) any partnership, limited liability company or other entity in which the Company has a direct or indirect interest (whether in the form of voting or participation in profits or capital contribution) of more than 50 . (rr) Ten Percent Stockholder means a person who Owns (or is deemed to Own pursuant to Section 424(d) of the Code) stock possessing more than 10 of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or any Affiliate. 
 21. 

</EX-10.15>

<EX-10.16>
 10
 tmb-20221231xex10d16.htm
 EX-10.16

Exhibit 10.16 TRUCKER PATH, INC. OPTION AGREEMENT (INCENTIVE STOCK OPTION OR NONSTATUTORY STOCK OPTION) Pursuant to your Stock Option Grant Notice Grant Notice and this Option Agreement, Trucker Path, Inc. (the Company has granted you an option under its 20XX Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan to purchase the number of shares of the Company s Common Stock indicated in your Grant Notice at the exercise price indicated in your Grant Notice. The option is granted to you effective as of the date of grant set forth in the Grant Notice (the Date of Grant ). If there is any conflict between the terms in this Option Agreement and the Plan, the terms of the Plan will control. Capitalized terms not explicitly defined in this Option Agreement or in the Grant Notice but defined in the Plan will have the same definitions as in the Plan. The details of your option, in addition to those set forth in the Grant Notice and the Plan, are as follows: 1. Vesting . Your option will vest as provided in your Grant Notice. Vesting will cease upon the termination of your Continuous Service. 2. Number of Shares and Exercise Price . The number of shares of Common Stock subject to your option and your exercise price per share in your Grant Notice will be adjusted for Capitalization Adjustments. 3. Exercise Restriction for Non-Exempt Employees . If you are an Employee eligible for overtime compensation under the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938, as amended (that is, a Non-Exempt Employee ), and except as otherwise provided in the Plan, you may not exercise your option until you have completed at least six months of Continuous Service measured from the Date of Grant, even if you have already been an employee for more than six months. Consistent with the provisions of the Worker Economic Opportunity Act, you may exercise your option as to any vested portion prior to such six month anniversary in the case of (i) your death or disability, (ii) a Corporate Transaction in which your option is not assumed, continued or substituted, (iii) a Change in Control or (iv) your termination of Continuous Service on your retirement (as defined in the Company s benefit plans). 4. Exercise prior to Vesting Early Exercise . If permitted in your Grant Notice i.e. , the Exercise Schedule indicates Early Exercise Permitted and subject to the provisions of your option, you may elect at any time that is both (i) during the period of your Continuous Service and (ii) during the term of your option, to exercise all or part of your option, including the unvested portion of your option; provided, however, that: (a) a partial exercise of your option will be deemed to cover first vested shares of Common Stock and then the earliest vesting installment of unvested shares of Common Stock; (b) any shares of Common Stock so purchased from installments that have not vested as of the date of exercise will be subject to the purchase option in favor of the Company as described in the Company s form of Early Exercise Stock Purchase Agreement; 
 1. 

(c) you will enter into the Company s form of Early Exercise Stock Purchase Agreement with a vesting schedule that will result in the same vesting as if no early exercise had occurred; and (d) if your option is an Incentive Stock Option, then, to the extent that the aggregate Fair Market Value (determined at the Date of Grant) of the shares of Common Stock with respect to which your option plus all other Incentive Stock Options you hold are exercisable for the first time by you during any calendar year (under all plans of the Company and its Affiliates) exceeds 100,000, your option(s) or portions thereof that exceed such limit (according to the order in which they were granted) will be treated as Nonstatutory Stock Options. 5. Method of Payment . You must pay the full amount of the exercise price for the shares you wish to exercise. The permitted methods of payment are as follows: (a) by cash, check, bank draft, electronic funds transfer or money order payable to the Company; (b) subject to Company and/or Board consent at the time of exercise and provided that at the time of exercise the Common Stock is publicly traded, pursuant to a program developed under Regulation T as promulgated by the Federal Reserve Board that, prior to the issuance of Common Stock, results in either the receipt of cash (or check) by the Company or the receipt of irrevocable instructions to pay the aggregate exercise price to the Company from the sales proceeds. This manner of payment is also known as a broker-assisted exercise , same day sale , or sell to cover (c) subject to Company and/or Board consent at the time of exercise and provided that at the time of exercise the Common Stock is publicly traded, by delivery to the Company (either by actual delivery or attestation) of already-owned shares of Common Stock that are owned free and clear of any liens, claims, encumbrances or security interests, and that are valued at Fair Market Value on the date of exercise. Delivery for these purposes, in the sole discretion of the Company at the time you exercise your option, will include delivery to the Company of your attestation of ownership of such shares of Common Stock in a form approved by the Company. You may not exercise your option by delivery to the Company of Common Stock if doing so would violate the provisions of any law, regulation or agreement restricting the redemption of the Company s stock; (d) subject to Company and/or Board consent at the time of exercise, and provided that the Option is a Nonstatutory Stock Option, by a net exercise arrangement pursuant to which the Company will reduce the number of shares of Common Stock issued upon exercise of the Option by the largest whole number of shares with a Fair Market Value that does not exceed the aggregate exercise price plus, to the extent permitted by the Company and/or Board at the time of exercise, the aggregate withholding obligations in respect of the Option exercise; provided, further that you must pay any remaining balance of the aggregate exercise price not satisfied by the net exercise in cash or other permitted form of payment. Shares of Common Stock will no longer be subject to the Option and will not be exercisable thereafter to the extent that (A) shares issuable upon exercise are used to pay the exercise price pursuant to the net exercise, (B) shares are delivered to you as a result of such exercise, and (C) shares are withheld to satisfy tax withholding obligations; (e) subject to the consent of the Company and/or Board at the time of exercise, according to a deferred payment or similar arrangement with you; provided, however , that interest will compound at least annually and will be charged at the minimum rate of interest necessary to avoid (A) the imputation of interest income to the Company and compensation income to the Optionholder under any 
 2. 

applicable provisions of the Code, and (B) the classification of the Option as a liability for financial accounting purposes; or (f) in any other form of legal consideration that may be acceptable to the Board. 6. Whole Shares . You may exercise your option only for whole shares of Common Stock. 7. Securities Law Compliance . In no event may you exercise your option unless the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise are then registered under the Securities Act or, if not registered, the Company has determined that your exercise and the issuance of the shares would be exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. The exercise of your option also must comply with all other applicable laws and regulations governing your option, and you may not exercise your option if the Company determines that such exercise would not be in material compliance with such laws and regulations (including any restrictions on exercise required for compliance with Treas. Reg. 1.401(k)-1(d)(3), if applicable). 8. Term . You may not exercise your option before the Date of Grant or after the expiration of the option s term. Except as set forth in your Grant Notice, the term of your option expires, subject to the provisions of Section 5(h) of the Plan, upon the earliest of the following: (a) immediately upon the termination of your Continuous Service for Cause; (b) three months after the termination of your Continuous Service for any reason other than Cause, your Disability or your death (except as otherwise provided in Section 8(d) below); provided, however, that if during any part of such three month period your option is not exercisable solely because of the condition set forth in the section above relating to Securities Law Compliance, your option will not expire until the earlier of the Expiration Date or until it has been exercisable for an aggregate period of three months after the termination of your Continuous Service; provided further, that if (i) you are a Non- Exempt Employee, (ii) your Continuous Service terminates within six months after the Date of Grant, and (iii) you have vested in a portion of your option at the time of your termination of Continuous Service, your option will not expire until the earlier of (x) the later of (A) the date that is seven months after the Date of Grant, and (B) the date that is three months after the termination of your Continuous Service, and (y) the Expiration Date; (c) 12 months after the termination of your Continuous Service due to your Disability (except as otherwise provided in Section 8(d)) below; (d) 18 months after your death if you die either during your Continuous Service or within three (3) months after your Continuous Service terminates for any reason other than Cause; (e) the Expiration Date indicated in your Grant Notice; or (f) the day before the 10th anniversary of the Date of Grant. If your option is an Incentive Stock Option, note that to obtain the federal income tax advantages associated with an Incentive Stock Option, the Code requires that at all times beginning on the Date of Grant and ending on the day three months before the date of your option s exercise, you must be an employee of the Company or an Affiliate, except in the event of your death or Disability. The Company has provided for extended exercisability of your option under certain circumstances for your benefit but cannot guarantee that your option will necessarily be treated as an Incentive Stock Option if you continue to provide services to the Company or an Affiliate as a Consultant or Director after your employment 
 3. 

terminates or if you otherwise exercise your option more than three months after the date your employment with the Company or an Affiliate terminates. 9. Exercise . (a) You may exercise the vested portion of your option (and the unvested portion of your option if your Grant Notice so permits) during its term by delivering a Notice of Exercise (in a form designated by the Company) together with the exercise price to the Secretary of the Company, or to such other person as the Company may designate, during regular business hours. If required by the Company, your exercise may be made contingent on your execution of any additional documents, to the extent requested by the Company, at any time and from time to time (including, without limitation, any agreements entered into with holders of capital stock of the Company, including without limitation a right of first refusal and co-sale agreement, stockholders agreement and/or a voting agreement). (b) By exercising your option you agree that, as a condition to any exercise of your option, the Company may require you to enter into an arrangement providing for the payment by you to the Company of any tax withholding obligation of the Company arising by reason of (i) the exercise of your option, (ii) the lapse of any substantial risk of forfeiture to which the shares of Common Stock are subject at the time of exercise, or (iii) the disposition of shares of Common Stock acquired upon such exercise. (c) If your option is an Incentive Stock Option, by exercising your option you agree that you will notify the Company in writing within 15 days after the date of any disposition of any of the shares of the Common Stock issued upon exercise of your option that occurs within two years after the Date of Grant or within one year after such shares of Common Stock are transferred upon exercise of your option. (d) By exercising your option you agree that you will not sell, dispose of, transfer, make any short sale of, grant any option for the purchase of, or enter into any hedging or similar transaction with the same economic effect as a sale with respect to any shares of Common Stock or other securities of the Company held by you, for a period of 180 days following the effective date of a registration statement of the Company filed under the Securities Act or such longer period as the underwriters or the Company will request to facilitate compliance with applicable FINRA rules (the Lock-Up Period provided, however , that nothing contained in this section will prevent the exercise of a repurchase option, if any, in favor of the Company during the Lock-Up Period. You further agree to execute and deliver such other agreements as may be reasonably requested by the Company or the underwriters that are consistent with the foregoing or that are necessary to give further effect thereto. In order to enforce the foregoing covenant, the Company may impose stop-transfer instructions with respect to your shares of Common Stock until the end of such period. You also agree that any transferee of any shares of Common Stock (or other securities) of the Company held by you will be bound by this Section 9(d). The underwriters of the Company s stock are intended third party beneficiaries of this Section 9(d) and will have the right, power and authority to enforce the provisions hereof as though they were a party hereto. You further agree that the obligations contained in this Section 9(d) shall also, if so determined by the Company s Board of Directors, apply in the Company s initial listing of its Common Stock on a national securities exchange by means of a registration statement on Form S-1 under the Securities Act (or any successor registration form under the Securities Act subsequently adopted by the Securities and Exchange Commission) filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission that registers shares of existing capital stock of the Company for resale (a Direct Listing ), provided that all holders of at least 5 of the Company s outstanding Common Stock (after giving effect to the conversion into Common Stock of any outstanding Preferred Stock of the Company) are subject to substantially similar obligations with respect to such Direct Listing. 
 4. 

10. Transferability . Except as otherwise provided in this Section 10, your option is not transferable and shall not be subjected to any lien (directly or indirectly, by operation of law, or otherwise, including execution, levy, garnishment, attachment, pledge or bankruptcy), except by will or by the laws of descent and distribution, and is exercisable during your life only by you. (a) Certain Trusts . Upon receiving written permission from the Board or its duly authorized designee, you may transfer your option to a trust if you are considered to be the sole beneficial owner (determined under Section 671 of the Code and applicable state law) while the option is held in the trust. You and the trustee must enter into transfer and other agreements required by the Company. (b) Domestic Relations Orders . Upon receiving written permission from the Board or its duly authorized designee, and provided that you and the designated transferee enter into transfer and other agreements required by the Company, you may transfer your option pursuant to the terms of a domestic relations order as defined in Section 414(p) of the Code, official marital settlement agreement or other divorce or separation instrument as permitted by Treasury Regulation 1.421-1(b)(2) that contains the information required by the Company to effectuate the transfer. You are encouraged to discuss the proposed terms of any division of this option with the Company prior to finalizing the domestic relations order or marital settlement agreement to help ensure the required information is contained within the domestic relations order or marital settlement agreement. If this option is an Incentive Stock Option, this option may be deemed to be a Nonstatutory Stock Option as a result of such transfer. Beneficiary Designation . Upon receiving written permission from the Board or its duly authorized designee, you may, by delivering written notice to the Company, in a form approved by the Company and any broker designated by the Company to handle option exercises, designate a third party who, on your death, will thereafter be entitled to exercise this option and receive the Common Stock or other consideration resulting from such exercise. In the absence of such a designation, your executor or administrator of your estate will be entitled to exercise this option and receive, on behalf of your estate, the Common Stock or other consideration resulting from such exercise. 11. Right of First Refusal . Shares of Common Stock that you acquire upon exercise of your option are subject to any right of first refusal that may be described in the Company s bylaws in effect at such time the Company elects to exercise its right; provided, however, that if there is no right of first refusal described in the Company s bylaws at such time, the right of first refusal described below will apply. The Company s right of first refusal will expire on the first date upon which any security of the Company is listed (or approved for listing) upon notice of issuance on a national securities exchange or quotation system (the Listing Date ). (a) Prior to the Listing Date, you may not validly Transfer (as defined below) any shares of Common Stock acquired upon exercise of your option, or any interest in such shares, unless such Transfer is made in compliance with the following provisions: (i) Before there can be a valid Transfer of any shares of Common Stock or any interest therein, the record holder of the shares of Common Stock to be transferred (the Offered Shares will give written notice (by registered or certified mail) to the Company. Such notice will specify the identity of the proposed transferee, the cash price offered for the Offered Shares by the proposed transferee (or, if the proposed Transfer is one in which the holder will not receive cash, such as an involuntary transfer, gift, donation or pledge, the holder will state that no purchase price is being proposed), and the other terms and conditions of the proposed Transfer. The date such notice is mailed will be hereinafter referred to as the Notice Date and the record holder of the Offered Shares will be hereinafter 
 5. 

referred to as the Offeror . If, from time to time, there is any stock dividend, stock split or other change in the character or amount of any of the outstanding Common Stock which is subject to the provisions of your option, then in such event any and all new, substituted or additional securities to which you are entitled by reason of your ownership of the shares of Common Stock acquired upon exercise of your option will be immediately subject to the Company s Right of First Refusal (as defined below) with the same force and effect as the shares subject to the Right of First Refusal immediately before such event. (ii) For a period of 30 calendar days after the Notice Date, or such longer period as may be required to avoid the classification of your option as a liability for financial accounting purposes, the Company will have the option to purchase all (but not less than all) of the Offered Shares at the purchase price and on the terms set forth in Section 11(a)(iii) (the Company s Right of First Refusal ). In the event that the proposed Transfer is one involving no payment of a purchase price, the purchase price will be deemed to be the Fair Market Value of the Offered Shares as determined in good faith by the Board in its discretion. The Company may exercise its Right of First Refusal by mailing (by registered or certified mail) written notice of exercise of its Right of First Refusal to the Offeror prior to the end of said 30 days (including any extension required to avoid classification of the option as a liability for financial accounting purposes). (iii) The price at which the Company may purchase the Offered Shares pursuant to the exercise of its Right of First Refusal will be the cash price offered for the Offered Shares by the proposed transferee (as set forth in the notice required under Section 11(a)(i)), or the Fair Market Value as determined by the Board in the event no purchase price is involved. To the extent consideration other than cash is offered by the proposed transferee, the Company will not be required to pay any additional amounts to the Offeror other than the cash price offered (or the Fair Market Value, if applicable). The Company s notice of exercise of its Right of First Refusal will be accompanied by full payment for the Offered Shares and, upon such payment by the Company, the Company will acquire full right, title and interest to all of the Offered Shares. (iv) If, and only if, the option given pursuant to Section 11(a)(ii) is not exercised, the Transfer proposed in the notice given pursuant to Section 11(a)(i) may take place; provided, however , that such Transfer must, in all respects, be exactly as proposed in said notice except that such Transfer may not take place either before the 10 th calendar day after the expiration of the 30 day option exercise period or after the ninetieth 90 th calendar day after the expiration of the 30 day option exercise period, and if such Transfer has not taken place prior to said 90 th day, such Transfer may not take place without once again complying with this Section 11(a). The option exercise periods in this Section 11(a)(iv) will be adjusted to include any extension required to avoid the classification of your option as a liability for financial accounting purposes. (b) As used in this Section 11, the term Transfer means any sale, encumbrance, pledge, gift or other form of disposition or transfer of shares of Common Stock or any legal or equitable interest therein; provided, however , that the term Transfer does not include a transfer of such shares or interests by will or intestacy to your Immediate Family (as defined below). In such case, the transferee or other recipient will receive and hold the shares of Common Stock so transferred subject to the provisions of this Section, and there will be no further transfer of such shares except in accordance with the terms of this Section 11. As used herein, the term Immediate Family will mean your spouse, the lineal descendant or antecedent, father, mother, brother or sister, child, adopted child, grandchild or adopted grandchild of you or your spouse, or the spouse of any child, adopted child, grandchild or adopted grandchild of you or your spouse. (c) None of the shares of Common Stock purchased on exercise of your option will be transferred on the Company s books nor will the Company recognize any such Transfer of any such shares 
 6. 

or any interest therein unless and until all applicable provisions of this Section 11 have been complied with in all respects. The certificates of stock evidencing shares of Common Stock purchased on exercise of your option will bear an appropriate legend referring to the transfer restrictions imposed by this Section 11. (d) To ensure that the shares subject to the Company s Right of First Refusal will be available for repurchase by the Company, the Company may require you to deposit the certificates evidencing the shares that you purchase upon exercise of your option with an escrow agent designated by the Company under the terms and conditions of an escrow agreement approved by the Company. If the Company does not require such deposit as a condition of exercise of your option, the Company reserves the right at any time to require you to so deposit the certificates in escrow. As soon as practicable after the expiration of the Company s Right of First Refusal, the agent will deliver to you the shares and any other property no longer subject to such restriction. In the event the shares and any other property held in escrow are subject to the Company s exercise of its Right of First Refusal, the notices required to be given to you will be given to the escrow agent, and any payment required to be given to you will be given to the escrow agent. Within 30 days after payment by the Company for the Offered Shares, the escrow agent will deliver the Offered Shares that the Company has repurchased to the Company and will deliver the payment received from the Company to you. 12. Option not a Service Contract . Your option is not an employment or service contract, and nothing in your option will be deemed to create in any way whatsoever any obligation on your part to continue in the employ of the Company or an Affiliate, or of the Company or an Affiliate to continue your employment. In addition, nothing in your option will obligate the Company or an Affiliate, their respective stockholders, boards of directors, officers or employees to continue any relationship that you might have as a Director or Consultant for the Company or an Affiliate. 13. Withholding Obligations . (a) At the time you exercise your option, in whole or in part, and at any time thereafter as requested by the Company, you hereby authorize withholding from payroll and any other amounts payable to you, and otherwise agree to make adequate provision for (including by means of a same day sale pursuant to a program developed under Regulation T as promulgated by the Federal Reserve Board to the extent permitted by the Company), any sums required to satisfy the federal, state, local and foreign tax withholding obligations of the Company or an Affiliate, if any, which arise in connection with the exercise of your option. (b) If this option is a Nonstatutory Stock Option, then upon your request and subject to approval by the Company, and compliance with any applicable legal conditions or restrictions, the Company may withhold from fully vested shares of Common Stock otherwise issuable to you upon the exercise of your option a number of whole shares of Common Stock having a Fair Market Value, determined by the Company as of the date of exercise, not in excess of the minimum amount of tax required to be withheld by law (or such lower amount as may be necessary to avoid classification of your option as a liability for financial accounting purposes). If the date of determination of any tax withholding obligation is deferred to a date later than the date of exercise of your option, share withholding pursuant to the preceding sentence will not be permitted unless you make a proper and timely election under Section 83(b) of the Code, covering the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock acquired upon such exercise with respect to which such determination is otherwise deferred, to accelerate the determination of such tax withholding obligation to the date of exercise of your option. Notwithstanding the filing of such election, shares of Common Stock will be withheld solely from fully vested shares of Common Stock determined as of the date of exercise of your option that are otherwise issuable to you upon such exercise. Any adverse consequences to you arising in connection with such share withholding procedure will be your sole responsibility. 
 7. 

(c) You may not exercise your option unless the tax withholding obligations of the Company and/or any Affiliate are satisfied. Accordingly, you may not be able to exercise your option when desired even though your option is vested, and the Company will have no obligation to issue a certificate for such shares of Common Stock or release such shares of Common Stock from any escrow provided for herein, if applicable, unless such obligations are satisfied. 14. Tax Consequences . You hereby agree that the Company does not have a duty to design or administer the Plan or its other compensation programs in a manner that minimizes your tax liabilities. You will not make any claim against the Company, or any of its Officers, Directors, Employees or Affiliates related to tax liabilities arising from your option or your other compensation. In particular, you acknowledge that this option is exempt from Section 409A of the Code only if the exercise price per share specified in the Grant Notice is at least equal to the fair market value per share of the Common Stock on the Date of Grant and there is no other impermissible deferral of compensation associated with the option. Because the Common Stock is not traded on an established securities market, the Fair Market Value is determined by the Board, perhaps in consultation with an independent valuation firm retained by the Company. You acknowledge that there is no guarantee that the Internal Revenue Service will agree with the valuation as determined by the Board, and you will not make any claim against the Company, or any of its Officers, Directors, Employees or Affiliates in the event that the Internal Revenue Service asserts that the valuation determined by the Board is less than the fair market value as subsequently determined by the Internal Revenue Service. 15. Notices . Any notices provided for in your option or the Plan will be given in writing (including electronically) and will be deemed effectively given upon receipt or, in the case of notices delivered by mail by the Company to you, five days after deposit in the United States mail, postage prepaid, addressed to you at the last address you provided to the Company. The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to participation in the Plan and this option by electronic means or to request your consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means. By accepting this option, you consent to receive such documents by electronic delivery and to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or another third party designated by the Company. Governing Plan Document . Your option is subject to all the provisions of the Plan, the provisions of which are hereby made a part of your option, and is further subject to all interpretations, amendments, rules and regulations, which may from time to time be promulgated and adopted pursuant to the Plan. If there is any conflict between the provisions of your option and those of the Plan, the provisions of the Plan will control. a. Noncompetition. You agree that, for a period of two (2) years (or, if a court of competent jurisdiction deems this period overly broad, then one (1) year, or if that is also deemed overly broad by a court of competent jurisdiction then six (6) months) following termination of your Continuous Service: You will not accept or take any part in an employee, consultant or independent contractor position with or start-up, own, or operate any business, entity, or individual that competes with the Company. business that is related to or involves any of the services you provided while employed by the Company or that would involve the use of any confidential or trade secret information of the Company. Because the Company is a nationwide platform, this restriction applies throughout the United States, but if the United States is deemed by a court of competent jurisdiction to be overly broad, then each state within the United States in or through which you performed 
 8. 

services or attempted to perform services on behalf of the Company. within the last two years of your employment. b. You will not directly or indirectly solicit or contact any current or prospective customer or supplier of the Company with which you had material business contact during the last two years of your employment for the purposes of: (a) selling or attempting to sell any product or service that is substantially similar to or substitutable for the produces and services offered by the Company; or (b) inducing or attempting to induce any such customer or supplier to divert, terminate, limit, modify or fail to enter into any existing or potential business relationship with the Company. c. You will not directly or indirectly, or in coordination with in support of others, solicit or encourage any employee of the Company to end their employment with the Company. 16. Choice of Law. The laws of the State of Delaware will govern all questions concerning the construction, validity and interpretation of this Option Agreement, without regard to that state s conflict of laws rules. 

Trucker Path, Inc. Option holder: . By: By: (Signature) (Signature) Title: Chief Executive Officer 
 
 9. 

</EX-10.16>

<EX-10.17>
 11
 tmb-20221231xex10d17.htm
 EX-10.17

Exhibit 10.17 TRUCKER PATH, INC. RESTRICTED SHARE UNIT AGREEMENT Pursuant to your Restricted Share Unit (RSU) Grant Notice (the Grant Notice and this Restricted Share Unit Agreement (the RSU Agreement ), Trucker Path, Inc. (the Company has awarded you, in consideration for your past or future services actually or to be rendered to the Company, the number of shares of the Company s Common Stock indicated in your Grant Notice indicated in your Grant Notice (the Award ). The Award is granted to you effective as of the date of grant set forth in the Grant Notice (the Date of Grant ). If there is any conflict between the terms in this RSU Agreement and the Plan, the terms of the Plan will control. Capitalized terms not explicitly defined in this RSU Agreement or in the Grant Notice but defined in the Plan will have the same definitions as in the Plan. The details of your RSU, in addition to those set forth in the Grant Notice and the Plan, are as follows: 1. Vesting . Your RSU will vest as provided in your Grant Notice. Vesting will cease upon the termination of your Continuous Service. 2. Transferability . Except as otherwise provided in this Section 10, your RSU is not transferable and shall not be subjected to any lien (directly or indirectly, by operation of law, or otherwise, including execution, levy, garnishment, attachment, pledge or bankruptcy), except by will or by the laws of descent and distribution, and is exercisable during your life only by you. (a) Certain Trusts . Upon receiving written permission from the Board or its duly authorized designee, you may transfer your RSU to a trust if you are considered to be the sole beneficial owner (determined under Section 671 of the Code and applicable state law) while the RSU is held in the trust. You and the trustee must enter into transfer and other agreements required by the Company. (b) Domestic Relations Orders . Upon receiving written permission from the Board or its duly authorized designee, and provided that you and the designated transferee enter into transfer and other agreements required by the Company, you may transfer your RSU pursuant to the terms of a domestic relations order as defined in Section 414(p) of the Code, official marital settlement agreement or other divorce or separation instrument as permitted by Treasury Regulation 1.421-1(b)(2) that contains the information required by the Company to effectuate the transfer. You are encouraged to discuss the proposed terms of any division of this RSU with the Company prior to finalizing the domestic relations order or marital settlement agreement to help ensure the required information is contained within the domestic relations order or marital settlement agreement. Beneficiary Designation . Upon receiving written permission from the Board or its duly authorized designee, you may, by delivering written notice to the Company, in a form approved by the Company and any broker designated by the Company to handle RSU, designate a third party who, on your death, will thereafter be entitled to receive the Common Stock. In the absence of such a designation, your executor or administrator of your estate will be entitled to receive, on behalf of your estate, the Common Stock. 3. Right of First Refusal . Shares of Common Stock that you acquire upon vesting of your RSU are subject to any right of first refusal that may be described in the Company s bylaws in effect at such time the Company elects to exercise its right; provided, however, that if there is no right of first refusal described in the Company s bylaws at such time, the right of first refusal described below will apply. The Company s right of first refusal will expire on the first date upon which any security of the Company is 
 1. 

listed (or approved for listing) upon notice of issuance on a national securities exchange or quotation system (the Listing Date ). (a) Prior to the Listing Date, you may not validly Transfer (as defined below) any shares of Common Stock acquired upon vesting of your RSU, or any interest in such shares, unless such Transfer is made in compliance with the following provisions: (i) Before there can be a valid Transfer of any shares of Common Stock or any interest therein, the record holder of the shares of Common Stock to be transferred (the Offered Shares will give written notice (by registered or certified mail) to the Company. Such notice will specify the identity of the proposed transferee, the cash price offered for the Offered Shares by the proposed transferee (or, if the proposed Transfer is one in which the holder will not receive cash, such as an involuntary transfer, gift, donation or pledge, the holder will state that no purchase price is being proposed), and the other terms and conditions of the proposed Transfer. The date such notice is mailed will be hereinafter referred to as the Notice Date and the record holder of the Offered Shares will be hereinafter referred to as the Offeror . If, from time to time, there is any stock dividend, stock split or other change in the character or amount of any of the outstanding Common Stock which is subject to the provisions of your RSU, then in such event any and all new, substituted or additional securities to which you are entitled by reason of your ownership of the shares of Common Stock acquired upon vesting of your RSU will be immediately subject to the Company s Right of First Refusal (as defined below) with the same force and effect as the shares subject to the Right of First Refusal immediately before such event. (ii) For a period of 30 calendar days after the Notice Date, or such longer period as may be required to avoid the classification of your RSU as a liability for financial accounting purposes, the Company will have the option to purchase all (but not less than all) of the Offered Shares at the purchase price and on the terms set forth in Section 3(a)(iii) (the Company s Right of First Refusal ). In the event that the proposed Transfer is one involving no payment of a purchase price, the purchase price will be deemed to be the Fair Market Value of the Offered Shares as determined in good faith by the Board in its discretion. The Company may exercise its Right of First Refusal by mailing (by registered or certified mail) written notice of exercise of its Right of First Refusal to the Offeror prior to the end of said 30 days (including any extension required to avoid classification of the RSU as a liability for financial accounting purposes). (iii) The price at which the Company may purchase the Offered Shares pursuant to the exercise of its Right of First Refusal will be the cash price offered for the Offered Shares by the proposed transferee (as set forth in the notice required under Section 3(a)(i)), or the Fair Market Value as determined by the Board in the event no purchase price is involved. To the extent consideration other than cash is offered by the proposed transferee, the Company will not be required to pay any additional amounts to the Offeror other than the cash price offered (or the Fair Market Value, if applicable). The Company s notice of exercise of its Right of First Refusal will be accompanied by full payment for the Offered Shares and, upon such payment by the Company, the Company will acquire full right, title and interest to all of the Offered Shares. (iv) If, and only if, the option given pursuant to Section 3(a)(ii) is not exercised, the Transfer proposed in the notice given pursuant to Section 3(a)(i) may take place; provided, however , that such Transfer must, in all respects, be exactly as proposed in said notice except that such Transfer may not take place either before the 10 th calendar day after the expiration of the 30 day option exercise period or after the ninetieth 90 th calendar day after the expiration of the 30 day option exercise period, and if such Transfer has not taken place prior to said 90 th day, such Transfer may not take place without once again complying with this Section 3(a). The option exercise periods in this Section 3(a)(iv) will be adjusted to include any extension required to avoid the classification of your option as a liability for financial accounting purposes. 
 2. 

(b) As used in this Section 3, the term Transfer means any sale, encumbrance, pledge, gift or other form of disposition or transfer of shares of Common Stock or any legal or equitable interest therein; provided, however , that the term Transfer does not include a transfer of such shares or interests by will or intestacy to your Immediate Family (as defined below). In such case, the transferee or other recipient will receive and hold the shares of Common Stock so transferred subject to the provisions of this Section, and there will be no further transfer of such shares except in accordance with the terms of this Section 3. As used herein, the term Immediate Family will mean your spouse, the lineal descendant or antecedent, father, mother, brother or sister, child, adopted child, grandchild or adopted grandchild of you or your spouse, or the spouse of any child, adopted child, grandchild or adopted grandchild of you or your spouse. (c) None of the shares of Common Stock purchased on vesting of your RSU will be transferred on the Company s books nor will the Company recognize any such Transfer of any such shares or any interest therein unless and until all applicable provisions of this Section 11 have been complied with in all respects. The certificates of stock evidencing shares of Common Stock purchased on vesting of your RSU will bear an appropriate legend referring to the transfer restrictions imposed by this Section 3. (d) To ensure that the shares subject to the Company s Right of First Refusal will be available for repurchase by the Company, the Company may require you to deposit the certificates evidencing the shares that you acquire upon vesting of your RSU with an escrow agent designated by the Company under the terms and conditions of an escrow agreement approved by the Company. If the Company does not require such deposit as a condition of vesting of your RSU, the Company reserves the right at any time to require you to so deposit the certificates in escrow. As soon as practicable after the expiration of the Company s Right of First Refusal, the agent will deliver to you the shares and any other property no longer subject to such restriction. In the event the shares and any other property held in escrow are subject to the Company s exercise of its Right of First Refusal, the notices required to be given to you will be given to the escrow agent, and any payment required to be given to you will be given to the escrow agent. Within 30 days after payment by the Company for the Offered Shares, the escrow agent will deliver the Offered Shares that the Company has repurchased to the Company and will deliver the payment received from the Company to you. 4. RSU not a Service Contract . Your RSU is not an employment or service contract, and nothing in your RSU will be deemed to create in any way whatsoever any obligation on your part to continue in the employ of the Company or an Affiliate, or of the Company or an Affiliate to continue your employment. In addition, nothing in your RSU will obligate the Company or an Affiliate, their respective stockholders, boards of directors, officers or employees to continue any relationship that you might have as a Director or Consultant for the Company or an Affiliate. 5. Withholding Obligations . At the time your RSU vests, in whole or in part, and at any time thereafter as requested by the Company, you hereby authorize withholding from payroll and any other amounts payable to you, and otherwise agree to make adequate provision for (including by means of a same day sale pursuant to a program developed under Regulation T as promulgated by the Federal Reserve Board to the extent permitted by the Company), any sums required to satisfy the federal, state, local and foreign tax withholding obligations of the Company or an Affiliate, if any, which arise in connection with the vesting of your RSU. 6. Tax Consequences . You hereby agree that the Company does not have a duty to design or administer the Plan or its other compensation programs in a manner that minimizes your tax liabilities. You will not make any claim against the Company, or any of its Officers, Directors, Employees or Affiliates related to tax liabilities arising from your RSU or your other compensation. If the Common Stock is not traded on an established securities market, the Fair Market Value would determined by the Board, perhaps in consultation with an independent valuation firm retained by the Company. You acknowledge that there is no guarantee that the Internal Revenue Service will agree with the valuation as determined by the Board, 
 3. 

and you will not make any claim against the Company, or any of its Officers, Directors, Employees or Affiliates in the event that the Internal Revenue Service asserts that the valuation determined by the Board is less than the fair market value as subsequently determined by the Internal Revenue Service. 7. Notices . Any notices provided for in your RSU or the Plan will be given in writing (including electronically) and will be deemed effectively given upon receipt or, in the case of notices delivered by mail by the Company to you, five days after deposit in the United States mail, postage prepaid, addressed to you at the last address you provided to the Company. The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to participation in the Plan and this RSU by electronic means or to request your consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means. By accepting this RSU, you consent to receive such documents by electronic delivery and to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or another third party designated by the Company. Governing Plan Document . Your RSU is subject to all the provisions of the Plan, the provisions of which are hereby made a part of your RSU, and is further subject to all interpretations, amendments, rules and regulations, which may from time to time be promulgated and adopted pursuant to the Plan. If there is any conflict between the provisions of your RSU and those of the Plan, the provisions of the Plan will control. a. Noncompetition. You agree that, for a period of two (2) years (or, if a court of competent jurisdiction deems this period overly broad, then one (1) year, or if that is also deemed overly broad by a court of competent jurisdiction then six (6) months) following termination of your Continuous Service: You will not accept or take any part in an employee, consultant or independent contractor position with or start-up, own, or operate any business, entity, or individual that competes with the Company. business that is related to or involves any of the services you provided while employed by the Company or that would involve the use of any confidential or trade secret information of the Company. Because the Company is a nationwide platform, this restriction applies throughout the United States, but if the United States is deemed by a court of competent jurisdiction to be overly broad, then each state within the United States in or through which you performed services or attempted to perform services on behalf of the Company. within the last two years of your employment. b. You will not directly or indirectly solicit or contact any current or prospective customer or supplier of the Company with which you had material business contact during the last two years of your employment for the purposes of: (a) selling or attempting to sell any product or service that is substantially similar to or substitutable for the produces and services offered by the Company; or (b) inducing or attempting to induce any such customer or supplier to divert, terminate, limit, modify or fail to enter into any existing or potential business relationship with the Company. c. You will not directly or indirectly, or in coordination with in support of others, solicit or encourage any employee of the Company to end their employment with the Company. 8. Choice of Law. The laws of the State of Delaware will govern all questions concerning the construction, validity and interpretation of this RSU Agreement, without regard to that state s conflict of laws rules. 
 4. 

Trucker Path, Inc. RSU holder: . By: By: (Signature) (Signature) Title: Chief Executive Officer 
 
 5. 

</EX-10.17>

<EX-10.19>
 12
 tmb-20221231xex10d19.htm
 EX-10.19

Exhibit 10.19 EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT This EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (the Agreement is entered into as of December 31 , 20 22 by and between Renren Inc., an exempted company incorporated and existing under the laws of the Cayman Islands (the Company and Joseph Chen , an individual (the Executive ). RECITALS WHEREAS, the Company desires to employ the Executive and to assure itself of the services of the Executive during the term of Employment (as defined below) and under the terms and conditions of the Agreement; WHEREAS, the Executive desires to be employed by the Company during the term of Employment and under the terms and conditions of the Agreement; AGREEMENT NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants and agreements herein contained, the Company and the Executive agree as follows: 1. EMPLOYMENT The Company hereby agrees to employ the Executive and the Executive hereby accepts such employment, on the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth (the Employment ). 2. TERM Subject to the terms and conditions of the Agreement, the initial term of the Employment shall be one year, commencing on December 31, 2022 (the Effective Date and ending on December 31, 2023 (the Initial Term ), unless terminated earlier pursuant to the terms of the Agreement. Upon expiration of the Initial Term of the Employment, the Employment shall be automatically extended for successive periods of twelve months each (each, an Extension Period unless either party shall have given 60 days advance written notice to the other party, in the manner set forth in Section 19 below, prior to the end of the Extension Period in question, that the term of this Agreement that is in effect at the time such written notice is given is not to be extended or further extended, as the case may be (the period during which this Agreement is effective being referred to hereafter as the Term ). 3. POSITION AND DUTIES (a) During the Term, the Executive shall serve as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company or in such other position or positions with a level of duties and responsibilities consistent with the foregoing with the Company and/or its subsidiaries and affiliates as the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board may specify from time to time and shall have the duties, responsibilities and obligations customarily assigned to individuals serving in the position or positions in which the Executive serves hereunder and as assigned by the Board, or if authorized by the Board, by the Company s Chief Executive Officer. (b) The Executive agrees to serve without additional compensation, if elected or appointed thereto, as a director of the Company or any subsidiaries or affiliated entity of the Company (collectively, the Group and as a member of any committees of the board of directors of any such entity, provided that the Executive is indemnified for serving in any and all such capacities on a basis no less favorable than is currently provided to any other director of any member of the Group. (c) The Executive agrees to devote all of his or her working time and efforts to the performance of his/her duties for the Company and to faithfully and diligently serve the Company in accordance with the Agreement and the guidelines, policies and procedures of the Company approved from time to time by the Board. 

 4. NO BREACH OF CONTRACT The Executive hereby represents to the Company that: (i) the execution and delivery of the Agreement by the Executive and the performance by the Executive of the Executive s duties hereunder shall not constitute a breach of, or otherwise contravene, the terms of any other agreement or policy to which the Executive is a party or by which the Executive is otherwise bound, except that the Executive does not make any representation with respect to agreements required to be entered into by and between the Executive and any member of the Group pursuant to the applicable law of the jurisdiction in which the Executive is based, if any; (ii) that the Executive is not in possession of any information (including, without limitation, confidential information and trade secrets) the knowledge of which would prevent the Executive from freely entering into the Agreement and carrying out his/her duties hereunder; (iii) that the Executive is not bound by any confidentiality, trade secret or similar agreement with any person or entity other than any member of the Group. 5. LOCATION The Executive will be based in Phoenix, AZ or any other location as requested by the Company during the Term. 6. COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS (a) Cash Compensation . As compensation for the performance by the Executive of his or her obligations hereunder, during the Term, the Company shall pay the Executive cash compensation (inclusive of the statutory benefit contributions that the Company is required to set aside for the Executive under applicable law) pursuant to Schedule A hereto, subject to annual review and adjustment by the Board or any committee designated by the Board. (b) Equity Incentives . During the Term, the Executive shall be eligible to participate, at a level comparable to similarly situated executives of the Company, in such long-term compensation arrangements as may be authorized from time to time by the Board, including any share incentive plan the Company may adopt from time to time in its sole discretion. (c) Benefits . During the Term, the Executive shall be entitled to participate in all of the employee benefit plans and arrangements made available by the Company to its similarly situated executives, including, but not limited to, any retirement plan, medical insurance plan and travel/holiday policy, subject to and on a basis consistent with the terms, conditions and overall administration of such plans and arrangements. 7. TERMINATION OF THE AGREEMENT The Employment may be terminated as follows: (a) Death . The Employment shall terminate upon his/her death. (b) Disability . The Employment shall terminate if the Executive has a disability, including any physical or mental impairment which, as reasonably determined by the Board, renders the Executive unable to perform the essential functions of his/her position at the Company, even with reasonable accommodation that does not impose an undue burden on the Company, for more than 180 days in any 12-month period, unless a longer period is required by applicable law, in which case that longer period shall apply. (c) Cause . The Company may terminate the Executive s employment hereunder for Cause. The occurrence of any of the following, as reasonably determined by the Company, shall be a reason for Cause, provided that, if the Company determines that the circumstances constituting Cause are curable, then such circumstances shall not constitute Cause unless and until the Executive has been informed by the Company of the existence of Cause and given an opportunity of ten business days to cure, and such Cause remains uncured at the end of such ten-day period: (1) continued failure by the Executive to satisfactorily perform his duties; 

 (2) willful misconduct or gross negligence by the Executive in the performance of his duties hereunder, including insubordination; (3) the Executive s conviction or entry of a guilty or nolo contendere plea of any felony or any misdemeanor involving moral turpitude; (4) the Executive s commission of any act involving dishonesty that results in material financial, reputational or other harm, monetary or otherwise, to any member of the Group, including but not limited to an act constituting misappropriation or embezzlement of the property of any member of the Group as determined in good faith by the Board; or (5) any material breach by the Executive of this Agreement. (d) Good Reason . The Executive may terminate his employment hereunder for Good Reason upon the occurrence, without the written consent of the Executive, of an event constituting a material breach of this Agreement by the Company that has not been fully cured within ten business days after written notice thereof has been given by the Executive to the Company setting forth in sufficient detail the conduct or activities the Executive believes constitute grounds for Good Reason, including but not limited to: (1) the assignment to the Executive of any duties materially inconsistent with the Executive s status as a senior officer of the Company or a substantial adverse alteration in the nature or status of the Executive s responsibilities; and (2) the failure by the Company to pay to the Executive any portion of the Executive s current compensation or to pay to the Executive any portion of an installment of deferred compensation under any deferred compensation program of the Company, within twenty business days of the date such compensation is due. (e) Without Cause by the Company; Without Good Reason by the Executive . The Company may terminate the Executive s employment hereunder at any time without Cause upon 60-day prior written notice to the Executive. The Executive may terminate the Executive s employment voluntarily for any reason or no reason at any time by giving one-month prior written notice to the Company. (f) Notice of Termination. Any termination of the Executive s employment under the Agreement shall be communicated by written notice of termination Notice of Termination from the terminating party to the other party. The notice of termination shall indicate the specific provision(s) of the Agreement relied upon in effecting the termination. (g) Date of Termination . The Date of Termination shall mean (i) if the Executive s employment is terminated by the Executive s death, the date of his death, (ii) if the Executive s employment is terminated by the Executive s disability, by the Company for Cause or by the Executive without Good Reason, the date specified in the Notice of Termination and (iii) if the Executive s employment is terminated without cause or by the Executive for Good Reason, the date on which a Notice of Termination is given or any later date (within sixty (60) days) set forth in such Notice of Termination. (h) Compensation upon Termination . (1) Death . If the Executive s employment is terminated by reason of the Executive s death, the Company shall have no further obligations to the Executive under this Agreement and the Executive s benefits shall be determined under the Company s retirement, insurance and other benefit and compensation plans or programs then in effect in accordance with the terms of such plans and programs. (2) By Company without Cause or by the Executive for Good Reason . If the Executive s employment is terminated by the Company other than for Cause or by the Executive for Good 

 Reason, the Company shall (i) continue to pay and otherwise provide to the Executive, during any notice period, all compensation, base salary and previously earned but unpaid incentive compensation, if any, and shall continue to allow the Executive to participate in any benefit plans in accordance with the terms of such plans during such notice period; and (ii) pay to the Executive, in lieu of benefits under any severance plan or policy of the Company, an amount equal to the sum of the Executive s 12 months base salary as in effect as of the Date of Termination. (3) By Company for Cause or by the Executive other than for Good Reason . If the Executive s employment shall be terminated by the Company for Cause or by the Executive other than for Good Reason, the Company shall pay the Executive his base salary at the rate in effect at the time Notice of Termination is given through the Date of Termination, and the Company shall have no additional obligations to the Executive under this Agreement. (4) Compensation Upon any Termination . Following any termination of the Executive s employment, the Company shall pay the Executive all amounts, if any, to which the Executive is entitled as of the Date of Termination under any compensation plan or benefit plan or program of the Company, at the time such payments are due in accordance with the terms of such plans or programs. (i) Return of Company Property . The Executive agrees that following the termination of the Executive s employment for any reason, or at any time prior to the Executive s termination upon the request of the Company, he/she shall return all property of the Group, which is then in or thereafter comes into his/her possession, including, but not limited to, any Confidential Information (as defined below) or Intellectual Property (as defined below), or any other documents, contracts, agreements, plans, photographs, projections, books, notes, records, electronically stored data and all copies, excerpts or summaries of the foregoing, as well as any automobile or other materials or equipment supplied by the Group to the Executive, if any. (j) Requirement for a Release . Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company s obligations to pay or provide any benefits shall (1) cease as of the date the Executive breaches any of the provisions of Sections 8, 9 and 11 hereof, and (2) be conditioned on the Executive signing the Company s customary release of claims in favor of the Group and the expiration of any revocation period provided for in such release. 8. CONFIDENTIALITY AND NONDISCLOSURE (a) Confidentiality and Non-Disclosure. (1) The Executive acknowledges and agrees that: (A) the Executive holds a position of trust and confidence with the Company and that his employment by the Company will require that the Executive have access to and knowledge of valuable and sensitive information, material, and devices relating to the Company and/or its business, activities, products, services, customers and vendors, including, but not limited to, the following, regardless of the form in which the same is accessed, maintained or stored: the identity of the Company s actual and prospective customers and, as applicable, their representatives; prior, current or future research or development activities of the Company; the products and services provided or offered by the Company to customers or potential customers and the manner in which such services are performed or to be performed; the product and/or service needs of actual or prospective customers; pricing and cost information; information concerning the development, engineering, design, specifications, acquisition or disposition of products and/or services of the Company; user base personal data, programs, software and source codes, licensing information, personnel information, advertising client information, vendor information, marketing plans and techniques, forecasts, and other trade secrets Confidential Information and (B) the direct and indirect disclosure of any such Confidential Information would place the Company at a competitive disadvantage and would do damage, monetary or otherwise, to the Company s business. 

 (2) During the Term and at all times thereafter, the Executive shall not, directly or indirectly, whether individually, as a director, stockholder, owner, partner, employee, consultant, principal or agent of any business, or in any other capacity, publish or make known, disclose, furnish, reproduce, make available, or utilize any of the Confidential Information without the prior express written approval of the Company, other than in the proper performance of the duties contemplated herein, unless and until such Confidential Information is or shall become general public knowledge through no fault of the Executive. (3) In the event that the Executive is required by law to disclose any Confidential Information, the Executive agrees to give the Company prompt advance written notice thereof and to provide the Company with reasonable assistance in obtaining an order to protect the Confidential Information from public disclosure. (4) The failure to mark any Confidential Information as confidential shall not affect its status as Confidential Information under this Agreement. (c) Third Party Information in the Executive s Possession . The Executive agrees that he shall not, during the Term, (i) improperly use or disclose any proprietary information or trade secrets of any former employer or other person or entity with which the Executive has an agreement or duty to keep in confidence information acquired by Executive, if any, or (ii) bring into the premises of Company any document or confidential or proprietary information belonging to such former employer, person or entity unless consented to in writing by such former employer, person or entity. The Executive will indemnify the Company and hold it harmless from and against all claims, liabilities, damages and expenses, including reasonable attorneys fees and costs of litigation, arising out of or in connection with any violation of the foregoing. (d) Third Party Information in the Company s Possession . The Executive recognizes that the Company may have received, and in the future may receive, from third parties their confidential or proprietary information subject to a duty on the Company s part to maintain the confidentiality of such information and to use it only for certain limited purposes. The Executive agrees that the Executive owes the Company and such third parties, during the Term and thereafter, a duty to hold all such confidential or proprietary information in strict confidence and not to disclose such information to any person or firm, or otherwise use such information, in a manner inconsistent with the limited purposes permitted by the Company s agreement with such third party. This Section 8 shall survive the termination of the Agreement for any reason. In the event the Executive breaches this Section 8, the Company shall have right to seek remedies permissible under applicable law. 9. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY (a) Prior Inventions. The Executive has attached hereto, as Schedule B , a list describing all inventions, ideas, improvements, designs and discoveries, whether or not patentable and whether or not reduced to practice, original works of authorship and trade secrets made or conceived by or belonging to the Executive (whether made solely by the Executive or jointly with others) that (i) were developed by Executive prior to the Executive s employment by the Company (collectively, Prior Inventions ), (ii) relate to the Company actual or proposed business, products or research and development, and (iii) are not assigned to the Company hereunder; or, if no such list is attached, the Executive represents that there are no such Prior Inventions. Except to the extent set forth in Schedule B , the Executive hereby acknowledges that, if in the course of his/her service for the Company, the Executive incorporates into a Company product, process or machine a Prior Invention owned by the Executive or in which he has an interest, the Company is hereby granted and shall have a nonexclusive, royalty-free, irrevocable, perpetual, worldwide right and license (which may be freely transferred by the Company to any other person or entity) to make, have made, modify, use, sell, sublicense and otherwise distribute such Prior Invention as part of or in connection with such product, process or machine. 

 (b) Assignment of Intellectual Property. The Executive hereby assigns to the Company or its designees, without further consideration and free and clear of any lien or encumbrance, the Executive s entire right, title and interest (within the United States and all foreign jurisdictions), to any and all inventions, discoveries, improvements, developments, works of authorship, concepts, ideas, plans, specifications, software, formulas, databases, designees, processes and contributions to Confidential Information created, conceived, developed or reduced to practice by the Executive (alone or with others) during the Employment Period which (A) are related to the Company s current or anticipated business, activities, products, or services, (B) result from any work performed by Executive for the Company, or (iii) are created, conceived, developed or reduced to practice with the use of Company property, including any and all Intellectual Property Rights (as defined below) therein Work Product ). Any Work Product which falls within the definition of work made for hire , as such term is defined in the U.S. Copyright Act, shall be considered a work made for hire , the copyright in which vests initially and exclusively in the Company. The Executive waives any rights to be attributed as the author of any Work Product and any droit morale (moral rights) in Work Product. The Executive agrees to immediately disclose to the Company all Work Product. For purposes of this Agreement, Intellectual Property shall mean any patent, copyright, trademark or service mark, trade secret, or any other proprietary rights protection legally available. (c) Patent and Copyright Registration. The Executive agrees to execute and deliver any instruments or documents, and to do all other things reasonably requested by the Company in order to more fully vest the Company with all ownership rights in the Work Product. If any Work Product is deemed by the Company to be patentable or otherwise registrable, the Executive shall assist the Company (at the Company s expense) in obtaining letters of patent or other applicable registration therein and shall execute all documents and do all things, including testifying (at the Company s expense) necessary or appropriate to apply for, prosecute, obtain, or enforce any Intellectual Property right relating to any Work Product. Should the Company be unable to secure the Executive s signature on any document deemed necessary to accomplish the foregoing, whether due to the Executive s disability or other reason, the Executive hereby irrevocably designates and appoints the Company and each of its duly authorized officers and agents as the Executive s agent and attorney-in-fact to act for and on the Executive s behalf and stead to take any of the actions required of Executive under the previous sentence, with the same effect as if executed and delivered by the Executive, such appointment being coupled with an interest. This Section 9 shall survive the termination of the Agreement for any reason. In the event the Executive breaches this Section 9, the Company shall have right to seek remedies permissible under applicable law. 10. CONFLICTING EMPLOYMENT. The Executive hereby agrees that, during the Term, he/she will not engage in any other employment, occupation, consulting or other business activity related to the business in which the Company is now involved or becomes involved during the Term, nor will the Executive engage in any other activities that conflict with his/her obligations to the Company without the prior written consent of the Company. 11. NON-COMPETITION AND NON-SOLICITATION (a) Non-Competition . In consideration of the compensation provided to the Executive by the Company hereunder, the adequacy of which is hereby acknowledged by the parties hereto, the Executive agree that during the Term and for a period of one year following the termination of the Employment for whatever reason, the Executive shall not engage in Competition (as defined below) with the Group. For purposes of this Agreement, Competition by the Executive shall mean the Executive s engaging in, or otherwise directly or indirectly being employed by or acting as a consultant or lender to, or being a director, officer, employee, principal, agent, stockholder, member, owner or partner of, or permitting the Executive s name to be used in connection with the activities of, any other business or organization which competes, directly or indirectly, with the Group in the Business; provided , however , it shall not be a violation of this Section 11(a) for the Executive to become the registered or beneficial owner of up to five percent (5 of 

 any class of the capital stock of a corporation in Competition with the Group that is registered under the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, provided that the Executive does not otherwise participate in the business of such corporation. For purposes of this Agreement, Business means social networking services, online games or social commerce services and any other business which the Group engages in, or is preparing to become engaged in, during the Term. (b) Non-Solicitation; Non-Interference . During the Employment Period and for a period of one year following the termination of the Executive s employment for any reason, the Executive agrees that he or she will not, directly or indirectly, for the Executive s benefit or for the benefit of any other person or entity, do any of the following: (1) solicit from any customer doing business with the Group during the Term business of the same or of a similar nature to the Business; (2) solicit from any known potential customer of the Group business of the same or of a similar nature to that which has been the subject of a known written or oral bid, offer or proposal by the Group, or of substantial preparation with a view to making such a bid, proposal or offer; (3) solicit the employment or services of, or hire or engage, any person who is known to be employed or engaged by the Group; or (4) otherwise interfere with the business or accounts of the Group, including, but not limited to, with respect to any relationship or agreement between the Group and any vendor or supplier. (c) Injunctive Relief; Indemnity of Company . The Executive agrees that any breach or threatened breach of subsections (a) and (b) of this Section 12 would result in irreparable injury and damage to the Company for which an award of money to the Company would not be an adequate remedy. The Executive therefore also agrees that in the event of said breach or any reasonable threat of breach, the Company shall be entitled to seek an immediate injunction and restraining order to prevent such breach and/or threatened breach and/or continued breach by the Executive and/or any and all persons and/or entities acting for and/or with the Executive. The terms of this paragraph shall not prevent the Company from pursuing any other available remedies for any breach or threatened breach hereof, including, but not limited to, remedies available under this Agreement and the recovery of damages. The Executive and the Company further agree that the provisions of this Section 11 are reasonable. The Executive agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Company from and against all reasonable expenses (including reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel) which may be incurred by the Company in connection with, or arising out of, any violation of this Agreement by the Executive. This Section 11 shall survive the termination of the Agreement for any reason. 12. WITHHOLDING TAXES Notwithstanding anything else herein to the contrary, the Company may withhold (or cause there to be withheld, as the case may be) from any amounts otherwise due or payable under or pursuant to the Agreement such national, provincial, local or any other income, employment, or other taxes as may be required to be withheld pursuant to any applicable law or regulation. 13. ASSIGNMENT The Agreement is personal in its nature and neither of the parties hereto shall, without the consent of the other, assign or transfer the Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder; provided, however, that the Company may assign or transfer the Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder to any member of the Group without such consent. If the Executive should die while any amounts would still be payable to the Executive hereunder if the Executive had continued to live, all such amounts unless otherwise provided herein, shall be paid in accordance with the terms of this Agreement to the Executive s devisee, legatee, or other designee or, if there be no such designee, to the Executive s estate. The Company will require any and all successors (whether direct or indirect, by purchase, 

 merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of the Company to expressly assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform it if no such succession had taken place. Failure of the Company to obtain such assumption and agreement prior to the effectiveness of any such succession shall be a breach of this Agreement and shall entitle the Executive to compensation from the Company in the same amount and on the same terms as the Executive would be entitled to hereunder if the Company had terminated the Executive s employment other than for Cause, except that for purposes of implementing the foregoing, the date on which any such succession becomes effective shall be deemed the Date of Termination. As used in this Agreement, Company shall mean the Company as herein before defined and any successor to its business and/or assets as aforesaid which executes and delivers the agreement provided for in this Section 13 or which otherwise becomes bound by all the terms and provisions of this Agreement by operation of law. 14. SEVERABILITY If any provision of the Agreement or the application thereof is held invalid, the invalidity shall not affect other provisions or applications of the Agreement which can be given effect without the invalid provisions or applications and to this end the provisions of the Agreement are declared to be severable. 15. ENTIRE AGREEMENT The Agreement constitutes the entire agreement and understanding between the Executive and the Company regarding the terms of the Employment and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous oral or written agreements concerning such subject matter. The Executive acknowledges that he has not entered into the Agreement in reliance upon any representation, warranty or undertaking which is not set forth in the Agreement. 16. GOVERNING LAW The Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of the State of Arizona, USA, without regard to the conflicts of law principles. 17. AMENDMENT The Agreement may not be amended, modified or changed (in whole or in part), except by a formal, definitive written agreement expressly referring to the Agreement, which agreement is executed by both of the parties hereto. 18. WAIVER Neither the failure nor any delay on the part of a party to exercise any right, remedy, power or privilege under the Agreement shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege preclude any other or further exercise of the same or of any right, remedy, power or privilege, nor shall any waiver of any right, remedy, power or privilege with respect to any occurrence be construed as a waiver of such right, remedy, power or privilege with respect to any other occurrence. No waiver shall be effective unless it is in writing and is signed by the party asserted to have granted such waiver. 19. NOTICES All notices, requests, demands and other communications required or permitted under the Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given and made if (i) delivered by hand, (ii) otherwise delivered against receipt therefor, (iii) sent by a recognized courier with next-day or second-day delivery to the last known address of the other party; or (iv) sent by e-mail with confirmation of receipt. 20. COUNTERPARTS 

 The Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original as against any party whose signature appears thereon, and all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. The Agreement shall become binding when one or more counterparts hereof, individually or taken together, shall bear the signatures of all of the parties reflected hereon as the signatories. Photographic copies of such signed counterparts may be used in lieu of the originals for any purpose. 21. NO INTERPRETATION AGAINST DRAFTER Each party recognizes that the Agreement is a legally binding contract and acknowledges that such party has had the opportunity to consult with legal counsel of choice. In any construction of the terms of the Agreement, the same shall not be construed against either party on the basis of that party being the drafter of such terms. [Remainder of the page intentionally left blank.] 

 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Agreement has been executed as of the date first written above. Renren Inc. By: /s/ Chris Palmer Name: Chris Palmer Title: Chief Financial Officer Executive Signature: /s/ Joseph Chen Name: Joseph Chen 

Schedule A Cash Compensation 

Amount Pay Period Base Salary 227,240 subject to periodic review and adjustment by Board of Directors 2023 Cash Bonus 

Schedule B List of Prior Inventions Title Date Identifying Number or Brief Description 
 No inventions or improvements Additional Sheets Attached Signature of Executive: /s/ Joseph Chen Print Name of Executive: Joseph Chen 

</EX-10.19>

<EX-10.20>
 13
 tmb-20221231xex10d20.htm
 EX-10.20

Exhibit 10.20 EMPLOYMENT CONTRACT Party A (the Company): Qianxiang Shiji Technology Development (Beijing) Co. Ltd. Legal Representative of Company: Yizhou Chen Authorized Representative of the Company: Address: Beijing Party B (the Employee): Jian Liu Sex: Male ID: [ ] Address: [ ] According to the Labor Law of the People s Republic of China and other relevant state regulations, Party A and Party B voluntarily sign this contract through equal consultation and consensus, and jointly abide by the terms listed in this contract. 1. Type and term of employment contract Article 1. The term type of this contract is: Type 2(choose one of the following three items). Type 1: with a fixed term; Type 2: no fixed term; Type 3: with a term to complete a certain work; 1.1 Fixed-term employee contract: the contract period is from to , of which the probationary period is _____ months. If Party B accumulates sick leave and personal leave during the probationary period for more than 7 working days, Party A has the right to suspend the probationary period. Party B will continue to perform the probationary period after returning to work normally until the probationary period expires. 1.2 No fixed term: the employment starts from January 1, 2015 . The probationary period is from / to /. If Party B accumulates sick leave and personal leave during the probationary period for more than 7 working days, Party A has the right to suspend the probationary period. Party B will continue to perform the probationary period after returning to work normally until the probationary period expires. 2. Job duties Article 2 Party B agrees to assume the position of Chief Operating Officer according to the requirements of Party A. Article 3 Party B shall comply with the management and arrangement of Party A, and fulfill the duties and tasks as assigned by Party A according to the job responsibilities. Article 4 Party B may request to be transferred to other departments and positions in the company according to its own characteristics and capabilities. But it must go through the relevant transfer application approval procedures in accordance with Party A s regulations, and can only be transferred with Party A s consent. Article 5 If Party B fails to complete the duties according to Party A s requirements, Party A has the right to adjust Party B s job position and salary. 3. Labor protection and working conditions Article 6 The working hours of Party B shall be implemented in accordance with the relevant regulations of the state and Party A. Article 7 Party B is entitled to rest and enjoy vacation in accordance with the provisions of the 

 state, the regulations and work arrangements of Party A. Article 8 During the working period of Party B, Party A is obliged to provide Party B with the labor protection stipulated by national laws and regulations. Article 9 Party A shall provide Party B with necessary labor conditions and labor tools, formulate operating procedures, work norms, and labor hygiene systems and standards. 4. Labor remunerations Article 10 Party A will determine Party B s salary standard based on Party B s job performance and contribution to Party A, as well as Party A s business performance. The salary standard is based on the amount determined in the employment notice, employment letter or performance assignment letter from Party A to Party B, and it is an attachment to this contract. Party A is committed to the development of the enterprise, continuously creating the best economic and social benefits, and improving the salaries, bonuses and benefits of employees, so as to benefit the development of Party B. Article 11 Party A shall calculate the salary due to Party B according to the prescribed salary payment standards and assessment methods, and pay Party B in the form of RMB. Article 12 Party B s salary will be adjusted by Party A according to its work performance, position, and Party A s operating conditions, but it shall not be lower than the minimum wage standard stipulated by the local government. Article 13 If Party A does not have sufficient work tasks to maintain Party B s job duties, Party A will only pay Party B the minimum wage standard stipulated by the local government. 5. Insurance and Benefits Article 14 Party A and Party B shall pay social security charges in accordance with the relevant provisions of national and local governments; Party B shall bear the relevant social security charges caused by Party B. Article 15 If Party B is sick or suffers non-work-related injuries, its sick leave salary and medical treatment shall be determined in accordance with the relevant regulations of Party A and the provisions of national and local governments. Article 16 The treatment of Party B suffering from occupational diseases or work-related injuries shall be determined in accordance with the relevant provisions of national and local governments. 6. Labor discipline Article 17 Party B shall strictly comply with national laws and regulations and Party A s rules and regulations. Article 18 If Party B violates labor discipline and/or Party A s rules and regulations, Party A has the right to deal with it in accordance with the rules and regulations, including terminating this contract. Article 19 Party A may modify or supplement relevant rules and regulations according to business operation and management needs. The rules and regulations shall be released through official channels (BBS, intranet, bulletin board, etc.), and Party B shall comply with the rules. 7. In-Service Invention, Creation and Confidentiality Article 20 All the technical inventions, innovations and other intellectual property rights, ownership and the right to apply for patents produced by Party B while completing the work arranged by Party A or mainly using Party A s materials, facilities, and workplaces shall be owned by Party A. All operating and service proceeds within the scope of work belong to Party A. Article 21 Party A s business secrets mainly include: Party A s business strategy, market analysis 

 report, marketing strategy, management system, intelligence information, advertising creativity, file image data, and financial audit data and other business information; Party A s software technical information such as development process, engineering design drawings, technical data, technical documents, source programs; and other confidential matters designated by Party A. Article 22 Party B promises to be responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of Party A s business secrets during the working period with Party A, and not to spread, copy, reprint, carry out, or discard at will without the permission of Party A; Party B shall bear full responsibility for any breach of confidentiality caused by Party B s intent or negligence, and shall compensate Party A for the losses caused thereby; at the same time, Party B promises that even after Party B resigns, without Party A s permission, Party B will not disclose Party A s business secrets to any third party. Article 23 Party B promises that during the working period with Party A, without the permission of Party A, it will not operate the same business as Party A for itself or for others, and will not engage in part-time work in the same or similar position in other companies; otherwise, Party A Party has the right to file a lawsuit against Party B and its part-time employer. 8. Change, rescission, termination and renewal of the employment contract Article 24 If the laws, regulations, and rules on which this contract is based change, the relevant content of this contract should be changed accordingly. Article 25 If there are significant changes in the objective circumstances on the basis of which this contract is entered into, resulting in the inability to perform this contract, the relevant content of this contract may be changed with the agreement of both parties through consultation. Article 26 The modification of this contract shall not become effective until it is agreed by both parties and confirmed in writing. Article 27 The change of Party A s legal representative (or authorized representative) and work location will not affect the validity and performance of the employment contract, and both parties do not need to re-sign the labor contract. Article 28 If Party B changes job positions within Party A, he does not need to re-sign the employment contract, but only needs to change his job responsibilities according to the changes in his job position. Article 29 This contract can be terminated upon mutual agreement between Party A and Party B. Article 30 If Party B has one of the following circumstances, Party A may terminate this contract without any compensation: 1. During the probation period, it is proved that Party B does not meet the employment requirements; 2. Serious violation of the rules and regulations of Party A; 3. Serious dereliction of duty, malpractice for personal gain, causing significant damage to the interests of Party A; 4. Disclosing Party A s confidentiality or business secrets, causing significant damage to Party A s interests; 5. Absent from duty without authorization for more than three days (including three days); 6. Refusing to obey the position or department transfer arranged by Party A, thereby affecting the normal management order of Party A; 7. It has been verified that there has been concealment, false provision, or falsification of relevant work experience, study experience, and criminal records; 

 8. Seriously violating the Public Security Management Punishment Regulations, or being investigated for criminal responsibility for violating the Criminal Law; 9. Establishing labor relations with other employers, and refusing to make corrections at Party A s request or directly causing serious impact on Party A s work; 10. Using fraud, coercion, and taking advantage of others dangers to make Party A sign or modify the employment contract against its true intention, resulting in the invalidity of the contract; 11. Employees committing category A faults in the Employee Handbook shall be regarded as serious violations of discipline. Article 31 In any of the following circumstances, Party A may terminate this contract, but shall notify Party B in writing for 30 days in advance: 1. During the contract period, Party B is sick or suffers non-work-related injuries. After the medical treatment period expires, Party B cannot engage in the regular job arranged by Party A or does not meet the requirements of the national and local governments to engage in relevant industries and types of jobs. And Party A is unable to arrange another work for Party B; 2. Party B is not competent for the job, and is still not competent for the job after training or job position adjustment; 3. Significant changes have taken place in the circumstances on which the labor contract was concluded, making it impossible to perform the employment contract, and no agreement can be reached on the modification of the employment contract after negotiation between the two parties. Article 32 If Party B has any of the following circumstances, Party A shall not terminate this contract, and the contract period shall be automatically extended until the expiration of the following circumstances: 1. Sickness or nonwork-related injury, within the prescribed medical treatment period; 2. Female employees during pregnancy, childbirth, or breastfeeding; 3. Other circumstances stipulated by laws and administrative regulations. Article 33 If Party B proposes to terminate this contract in advance, it shall notify Party A in writing at least 30 days in advance, and shall notify Party A in writing three days in advance during the probationary period. If there are any outstanding obligations of Party B to Party A, Party B must assist Party A in completing the process before Party A agrees to Party B s application for termination of the contract, otherwise Party A has the right not to provide a resignation certificate and not to go through relevant resignation procedures. Article 34 In any of the following circumstances, Party B may notify Party A to terminate this contract: 1. Party A forces Party B to work by illegal means; 2. Party A fails to pay labor remuneration or provide labor conditions as agreed in the contract; 3. Other circumstances under which the labor contract may be terminated by the employees as stipulated by laws and administrative regulations. Article 35 This contract shall be terminated under any of the following circumstances: 1. The contract period expires; 2. The termination conditions are met as stipulated in the contract; 3. Party B begins to receive the basic pension benefits according to law; 4. Party A goes bankrupt or dissolves according to law; 

 5. Other circumstances stipulated by laws, regulations and rules. Article 36 Party A and Party B may renew the labor contract after negotiation and agreement, and the contract renewal shall be submitted to the other party in written form 30 days before the expiration of the contract. Article 37 The specific procedures for modifying, rescinding, terminating, and renewing this contract shall be carried out in accordance with the relevant policies of Party A. 9. Compensation for losses and damages Article 38 If Party B violates the provisions of this contract to terminate the labor contract or violates the business secrets stipulated in this contract, causing losses to Party A, Party B shall fully compensate Party A for the losses, otherwise, Party A has the right to pursue Party B s economic and legal liabilities. Article 39 If Party B terminates this contract in advance and is personnel trained by Party A, Party B shall pay Party A liquidated damages according to the relevant agreement signed by both parties. Article 40 Party B shall complete the resignation procedures in accordance with Party A s policies within one week from the date of resignation, otherwise, Party A has the right to dispose of Party B s personnel files, social security relations, etc., and the resulting expenses shall be borne by Party B. Article 41 After the resignation procedures of Party B are completed, if Party B is additionally found to have caused losses to Party A during the working period with Party A, Party A still has the right to require Party B to fully compensate Party A for the losses, otherwise, Party A has the right to pursue Party B s economic and legal Liabilities. 10. Labor Disputes Resolution Article 42 Disputes arising from the performance of this contract between Party A and Party B shall be resolved through negotiation; if the negotiation fails, either party may apply for arbitration to the labor dispute arbitration committee at the place where Party A is located within 60 days from the date of the dispute; if either party is not dissatisfied with the arbitration award, a lawsuit can be brought to the people s court of the place where Party A actually operates within 15 days from the date of receipt of the arbitration award. 11. Other Terms Article 43 Party B promises that when signing this contract with Party A, Party B has terminated the labor contract with any of Party B s prior work entity as of the date of signing the contract. Any joint and several economic and legal responsibilities of Party B in the original entity have nothing to do with Party A. Article 44 Matters that are not agreed upon in this contract shall be resolved through negotiation between both parties. Article 45 The rules and policies publicly released by Party A through official channels (BBS, intranet, bulletin board, OA system, etc.), and various agreements signed with Party B as valid attachments to this contract have been delivered to employees and has the same legal effect as this contract. Article 46 If the terms of this contract conflict with national laws and regulations, the provisions of national laws and regulations shall prevail. Article 47 This contract is made in duplicate, and each party holds one copy, with the same legal effect. 12. Others 

 Article 48 Party A and Party B agree to add the following content to this contract: During the execution of this contract, Party A has the right to transfer Party B s employment relations, work arrangements, labor discipline, salary performance, etc. to Party A s affiliated companies according to its business development, and all rights and obligations of Party A under this contract would be transferred to Party A s affiliated company, and Party B shall comply with the company s arrangement and management. Party B confirms that its contact information is: [ ] The contact address is: [ ] (same as the address specified on page 1) The contact person is: Jian Liu Any notice, letter, documentary information, property sent to the above contact information and contact person will be considered as valid delivery to Party B. Article 49 The parents, spouse or emergency contact provided by Party B when joining the company can accept any form of document service for Party B, and it will be deemed effective. Party A (seal): /s/ Qianxiang Shiji Technology Development (Beijing) Co. Ltd. Legal representative (signature): Date : Address.: Party B (signature): /s/ Jian Liu Date : January 1, 2015 Address : Beijing 

</EX-10.20>

<EX-10.21>
 14
 tmb-20221231xex10d21.htm
 EX-10.21

Exhibit 10.21 EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT This EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (this Agreement is made and entered into as of August 10, 2021, by and between Renren, Inc., a foreign corporation, COMPANY ), and Christian Palmer, an individual EXECUTIVE ). The COMPANY and EXECUTIVE are independently referred to herein as a Party and collectively as the Parties . WITNESSETH: WHEREAS COMPANY and EXECUTIVE deem it to be in their respective best interests to enter into an agreement providing for COMPANY s employment of EXECUTIVE pursuant to the terms herein stated. NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual promises and agreements contained herein, it is hereby agreed as follows: 1. Term. COMPANY hereby employs and EXECUTIVE hereby accepts employment with COMPANY on or about August 31, 2021 Start Date and continuing until terminated as set forth in Paragraph 6 herein. Term ). 2. Duties of EXECUTIVE. EXECUTIVE s position with the COMPANY will be Chief Financial Officer CFO ). EXECUTIVE will report directly to the Chief Executive Officer and shall do and perform all services, acts, or things reasonably necessary or advisable to accomplish the objectives of the COMPANY s Chief Executive Officer and the COMPANY s Board of Directors. 3. Devotion of Time to COMPANY s Business. EXECUTIVE shall be a full-time executive of COMPANY and shall devote such substantial and sufficient amounts of his productive time, ability, and attention to the business of COMPANY during the Term of this Agreement as may be reasonable and necessary to accomplish the objectives and complete the tasks assigned to EXECUTIVE. EXECUTIVE may devote reasonable time to activities other than those required under this Agreement, including activities involving professional, charitable, community, educational, religious and similar types of organizations, speaking engagements, membership on the boards of directors of other organizations and similar types of activities to the extent that such activities do not inhibit or prohibit the performance of services under this Agreement. 4. Uniqueness of Services. EXECUTIVE hereby acknowledges that the services to be performed by him under the terms of this Agreement are of a special and unique value. Accordingly, the obligations of EXECUTIVE under this Agreement are non-assignable. 
 1 

5. Compensation of EXECUTIVE. a. Base Annual Salary. Subject to other specific provisions in this Agreement, as compensation for services hereunder, EXECUTIVE shall receive a base annual salary of 275,000 Base Annual Salary payable in accordance with the COMPANY s ordinary payroll practices. During the company s customary annual performance and raise cycle, EXECUTIVE s Base Annual Salary and Incentive Bonus (Section 5.b.) will be reviewed and may be increased by the COMPANY S CEO and / or Board of Directors or a Compensation Committee of the Board. b. Incentive Bonus. EXECUTIVE shall be eligible for an annual incentive bonus, with a payout target equal to 40 of Executive s Base Annual Salary, each fiscal year during the term of EXECUTIVE s Employment under this Agreement based upon the achievement of certain objective or subjective criteria established by the Board, the Compensation Committee, and/or the senior management of the COMPANY (each, an Incentive Bonus ). EXECUTIVE s eligibility to earn an annual Incentive Bonus and the target amount of such bonus shall be subject to the COMPANY s performance metrics including revenue, profit, and business growth, together with team performance and individual performance, which will be set and communicated in detail after on-boarding. Any Incentive Bonus for a fiscal year shall be paid no later than two and one half (2 months after the close of that fiscal year provided EXECUTIVE is employed by the COMPANY at the end of the fiscal year. For the year 2021, any Bonus shall be prorated based on the number of months worked. For example, if EXECUTIVE works four (4) months of fiscal year 2021, EXECUTIVE will be eligible for 33 1/3 of EXECUTIVE s eligible Incentive Bonus . c. Business Expenses. COMPANY will reimburse EXECUTIVE for all reasonable business expenses directly incurred in performing EXECUTIVE s duties and promoting the business of COMPANY. All expenses claimed are subject to review and approval. Records must be maintained and submitted for any expenses to be reimbursed - including destination for auto mileage totals and receipts for all other items. Use of personal automobile for company business will be reimbursed at the applicable IRS rate in effect per mile. d. Vacation. EXECUTIVE shall be entitled paid time off (PTO), as well as all national holidays recognized per the COMPANY s employee handbook. e. Employee Benefits. During EXECUTIVE s Employment, EXECUTIVE shall be eligible to participate in the employee benefit plans maintained by the COMPANY and generally available to similarly situated employees of the COMPANY, subject in each case to the generally applicable terms and conditions of the plan in question and to the determinations of any person or committee administering such plan . f. Equity. The Board of Directors has approved, effective as of and subject to EXECUTIVE s commencement of employment with the 
 2 

COMPANY, an equity award under the COMPANY s 2021 Stock I ncent i ve Plan (the Plan ). Upon the start of EXECUTIVE s employment, EXECUTIVE will receive RSUs (Restricted Stock Units) equivalent to 0.6 of the total outstanding shares of the COMPANY. EXECUTIVE s RSUs will be granted based on EXECUTIVE s official start date of joining the COMPANY (the Grant Date ). The RSUs will vest over four (4) years as follows: i)12.5 after the 1st six months of continuous employment vesting cliff ), ii) 1/42 of the shares monthly thereafter on the same day of the month as the Start Date (or the last date of the month if such date does not exist), for a total vesting period of 42 months , subject to EXECUTIVE s Continuous Service Status through each vesting date . EXECUTIVE will be responsible for payment of any income tax incurred for above mentioned total remuneration, under EXECUTIVE s employment with the COMPANY. EXECUTIVE also agrees that the COMPANY may withhold payment due to EXECUTIVE both during EXECUTIVE s employment and upon termination of EXECUTIVE s employment with the COMPANY as required in accordance normal withholding requirements. 6. Termination of Employment. a. Employment at Will. The employment relationship is terminable at will , which means that either EXECUTIVE or the COMPANY may terminate EXECUTIVE s employment at any time, for any or no reason, without further obligation or liability with at least thirty (30) days notice. b. Rights Upon Termination. Subject to Section 7 below, upon the termination of EXECUTIVE s Employment, EXECUTIVE shall only be entitled to the compensation and benefits earned and the reimbursements described in this Agreement for the period preceding the Start Date of the termination. 7. Severance Pay. a. General Release. Any other provision of this Agreement notwithstanding, Subsections 7(b) and 7(c) shall not apply unless EXECUTIVE (i) has returned all COMPANY property in EXECUTIVE s possession, and (ii) has executed a general release of all claims (the Release that EXECUTIVE may have against the COMPANY or persons affiliated with the COMPANY in a form prescribed by the Company. The Release must be in the form that is reasonably acceptable to EXECUTIVE and the COMPANY. The COMPANY shall deliver the Release to the EXECUTIVE within ten (10) business days of after the EXECUTIVE S Separation (as defined below). b. Severance Pay Not in Connection with Change in Control. If, other than during the period commencing on a Change in Control (as defined below) and ending on the twelve (12) month anniversary of such Change in Control, inclusive, EXECUTIVE experiences a Separation as a result of (i) EXECUTIVE s resignation from Employment for Good Reason (as defined below) 
 3 

or (ii) the COMPANY s termination of EXECUTIVE s Employment for any reason other than (A) Cause (as defined below), (B) death or (C) Disability (as defined below) (the Separation as a result of (i) or (ii) shall be known as an Involuntary Termination ), then, in addition to the amounts payable in accordance with Section 6(b), the COMPANY shall pay EXECUTIVE severance pay equal to (i) EXECUTIVE s Base Salary for a six (6) month period (the Severance Period plus (ii) a pro-rata Incentive Bonus in respect of the fiscal year including the date of the Involuntary Termination (based on actual performance for the year, but pro-rated based on the number of days EXECUTIVE were employed with the COMPANY during the year relative to 365 days), which will be payable to EXECUTIVE at the same time that the COMPANY normally pays its bonuses to other employees; (iii) EXECUTIVE shall retain all vested Equity awards (in the event that EXECUTIVE has not worked for the COMPANY for six months, all shares that would have vested within six months of the Start Date of EXECUTIVES employment shall vest; plus (iv) the health care premium for EXECUTIVE and EXECUTIVE s dependents under the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act COBRA for a period equal in length to the Severance Period, commencing on the first date on which EXECUTIVE and EXECUTIVE s dependents lose health care coverage under the COMPANY s health plans as a result of EXECUTIVE s Involuntary Termination, provided that EXECUTIVE and EXECUTIVE s dependents are eligible for COBRA with respect to the COMPANY s health plans and timely elect COBRA. The payment of such monthly COBRA premiums will be taxable to the extent required to avoid adverse consequences to EXECUTIVE or the COMPANY under either Section 105(h) of the Code or the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010. EXECUTIVE s Base Salary shall be paid at the rate in effect at the time of EXECUTIVE s Involuntary Termination (ignoring any reduction in Base Salary that resulted in a resignation for Good Reason) in accordance with the COMPANY s standard payroll procedures on the COMPANY s payroll dates for a period equal in length to the Severance Period, commencing on the COMPANY s first regular payroll date following the last day of the Deadline, and shall be subject to all applicable withholdings; provided that the first payment shall include all amounts that would have been paid had payment commenced on the first payroll date following EXECUTIVE s termination of Employment. c. Severance Pay in Connection with Change in Control. If , during the period commencing on a Change In Control and ending on the twelve (12) month anniversary of such Change in Control , EXECUTIVE experiences an Involuntary Termination/Separation , inclusive , then , in lieu of the amounts payable in accordance with Section 7(b), the COMPANY shall instead pay EXECUTIVE severance pay equal to (i) EXECUTIVE s Base Salary for a twelve (12)-month period (the CIC Severance Period plus (ii) an amount equal to one (1) year of the average of EXECUTIVE s annual Incentive Bonus paid to EXECUTIVE with respect to the two (2) years immediately preceding the year in which EXECUTIVE s Involuntary Termination occurs plus (iii) the health care premium for EXECUTIVE and EXECUTIVE S dependents under COBRA for a period equal to the Change in Control Severance Period commencing on the first date of which EXECUTIVE and EXECUTIVE S dependents lose health care coverage under the COMPANY S HEALTH plans as result of EXECUTIVE s Involuntary Terminat i on, provided that EXECUTIVE and EXECUTIVE s dependents are eligible for COBRA with respect to the COMPANY s health 
 4 

plans and timely elect COBRA plus (iv) vesting acceleration with respect to EXECUTIVE s shares of the COMPANY s Common Stock , options to purchase shares of the COMPANY s Common Stock and any other COMPANY equity that have been granted to EXECUTIVE by the COMPANY (collectively, the COMPANY Equity ), such that EXECUTIVE shall become vested in one hundred percent 100 of the COMPANY Equity that is un-vested as of the date of EXECUTIVE s Involuntary Termination. The payment of such monthly COBRA premiums will be taxable to the extent required to avoid adverse consequences to EXECUTIVE or the COMPANY under either Section 105(h) of the Code or the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010. EXECUTIVE s Base Salary shall be paid at the rate in effect at the time of the termination of EXECUTIVE s Employment (ignoring any reduction in Base Salary that resulted in a resignation for Good Reason) . The severance pay set forth in this Section 7(c), collectively the Base Salary in (i) and the bonus in (ii) , shall be aggregated for a total cash severance amount, which shall be paid in substantially equal installments in accordance with the COMPANY s standard payroll procedures on the COMPANY s payroll dates for a period equal in length to the CIC Severance Period, commencing on the COMPANY s first regular payroll date following the last day of the Deadline, and shall be subject to all applicable withholdings; provided that the first payment shall include all amounts that would have been paid had payment commenced on the first payroll date following EXECUTIVE s termination of Employment. For the avoidance of doubt, upon an Involuntary Termination, EXECUTIVE shall be eligible to receive the severance pay and benefits set forth in this Section 7(c) or Section 7(b) above, but not both. d. This Section 7, including (without limitation) the severance pay and benefits set forth in Section 7(b.) and Section 7(c.), shall be in effect for four (4) years from the Start Date. Following such four (4)-year term or each year, the CEO, the Board, or the Compensation Committee, each in its sole discretion, shall determine whether to extend EXECUTIVE severance pay and benefits according to terms and conditions to be determined at such time and which shall be the same generally available to similarly situated employees of the COMPANY. e. Internal Revenue Code Section 409A. Fo r purposes of Internal Revenue Code Section 409A , the regulations and other guidance thereunder and any state law of similar effect (collectively Section 409A ), each payment that is paid pursuant to this Agreement is hereby designated as a separate payment. The parties intend that all payments made or to be made under this Agreement comply with, or are exempt from, the requirements of Section 409A so that none of the payments or benefits will be subject to the adverse tax penalties imposed under Section 409A, and any ambiguities herein will be interpreted to so comply or be so exempt. Notwithstanding anything stated herein to the contrary , the severance pay provided in connection with EXECUTIVE s Involuntary Termination under this Section 4 is intended to be exempt from Section 409A pursuant to Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii) and to the extent it is exempt pursuant to such section it shall in any event be paid no later than the last day of EXECUTIVE s second taxable year following the taxable year in which EXECUTIVE s Involuntary Termination has occurred; provided that, to the extent that such severance and any other payments paid to EXECUTIVE in connection with EXECUTIVE s Involuntary Termination does not qualify or otherwise exceeds the limit set forth in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii)(A) or any similar limit promulgated by the Treasury or the IRS, the portion of the severance pay that does not qualify or otherwise exceeds such limit , as determined by the COMPANY in its sole discretion, shall be paid by no later than the 
 5 

fifteenth (15th) day of the third (3rd) month following the end of EXECUTIVE s first tax year in which EXECUTIVE s Involuntary Termination occurs , or , if later, the fifteenth 15th) day of the third (3rd) month following the end of the COMPANY s first tax year in which EXECUTIVE s Involuntary Termination occurs , as provided in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)(4 ). To the extent that any COBRA payment premiums set forth in Section 7(b) or 7(c) above or any other reimbursements or in-kind benefits under this Agreement or otherwise are not exempt from Section 409A, then (i) the benefits provided during any calendar year may not affect the benefits to be provided in any other calendar year; (ii) any payment of COBRA premiums or such other reimbursements or in-kind benefits shall be made on or before the earlier of the last day of the calendar year following the calendar year in which such expense was incurred and the end of the second calendar year following the year of the Involuntary Termination; and (iii) the right to such benefits shall not be subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit. Notwithstanding the above, if any of the severance pay provided in connection with EXECUTIVE s Involuntary Termination does not qualify for any reason to be exempt from Section 409A pursuant to Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b}(9)(iii) or Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)(4) or any other applicable exemption and EXECUTIVE are deemed by the COMPANY at the time of EXECUTIVE s Involuntary Termination to be a specified employee, as defined in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(i), each such severance payment shall not be made or commence until the date which is the first (1st} business day of the seventh (7th) month after EXECUTIVE s Involuntary Termination and the installments that otherwise would have been paid during the first six (6) months after EXECUTIVE s Involuntary Termination shall be paid in a lump sum on the first (1st) business day of the seventh (7th) month after EXECUTIVE s Involuntary Termination, with any remaining severance pay to be paid in accordance with the schedule set forth in Section 7(b) or 7(c) above, as applicable. Such deferral shall only be affected to the extent required to avoid adverse tax treatment to EXECUTIVE, including (without limitation} the additional twenty percent (20 federal tax for which EXECUTIVE would otherwise be liable under Section 409A(a)(1)(B) of the Code in the absence of such deferral. f. Definition of Change in Control. For all purposes under this Agreement, Change in Control shall mean : (i) the consummation of a merger or consolidation of the COMPANY or any other corporate reorganization or business combination transaction of the COMPANY with or into another corporation, entity or person ; (ii) the sale, transfer or other disposition of all or substantially all of the COMPANY s assets ; or (iii) any transaction as a result of which any person is the beneficia l owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act )}, directly or indirectly , of securities of the COMPANY 
 6 

representing at least fifty percent (50 of the total voting power represented by the COMPANY s then outstanding voting securities . For purposes of this Subsection i v) , the term person shall have the same meaning as when used in sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act but shall exclude (i) a trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the COMPANY or of a parent or subsidiary and (ii) a corporation owned directly or indirectly by the stockholders of the COMPANY in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of the common stock of the COMPANY. A transaction shall not constitute a Change in Control if its sole purpose is to change the state of the COMPANY s incorporation or to create a holding COMPANY that shall be owned in substantially the same proportions by the persons who held the COMPANY s securities immediately before such transaction . g. Definition of Cause. For all purposes under this Agreement, Cause shall mean: i. Any material breach by EXECUTIVE of this Agreement, the Confidentiality Agreement (as defined below), the Equity Documentation or any other written agreement between EXECUTIVE and the COMPANY, which breach to the extent deemed curable by the Board is not cured within fifteen (15) business days after written notice thereof from the COMPANY; ii. Any material failure by EXECUTIVE to comply with the COMPANY s written policies or rules, including (without limitation) the COMPANY s ethics or insider trading policies, as they may be in effect from time to time during EXECUTIVE s Employment, which breach to the extent deemed curable by the Board is not cured within ten (10) business days after written notice thereof from the COMPANY; iii. EXECUTIVE s repeated failure to follow reasonable and lawful instructions from the Board, which failure is not cured (if curable) within fifteen (15) business days after written notice thereof from the COMPANY; iv. Commission, conviction of, or a plea of guilty or no contest to, a felony under the laws of the United States or any State by EXECUTIVE if such felony is work-related, impairs EXECUTIVE s ability to perform services for the COMPANY in accordance with this Agreement, or results in a loss to the COMPANY or damage to the reputation of the COMPANY; v. EXECUTIVE s misappropriation of funds or property of the COMPANY; 
 7 

vi. Gross neglect of EXECUTIVE s duties which neglect is not cured (if curable) within fifteen (15) business days after written notice thereof from the COMPANY; vii. EXECUTIVE s act of omission that results directly or indirectly in material financial accounting improprieties for the COMPANY; viii. EXECUTIVE s failure to cooperate with a government investigation; or ix. Any gross or willful misconduc t by EXECUTIVE resulting in a loss to the COMPANY or damage to the reputation of the COMPANY . x. EXECUTIVE shall not be entitled to serial or multiple opportunities to cure. Should EXECUTIVE receive notice of a duty to cure, and EXECUTIVE successfully cures the issue in a timely manner, any further instances of Cause shall be subject to immediate termination without any opportunity to cure. h. Definition of Good Reason. For all purposes under this Agreement, Good Reason shall mean that EXECUTIVE resign within sixty (60) days after one of the following conditions has come into existence without EXECUTIVE s written consent: i. A material diminution in EXECUTIVE s authority, duties, title, or responsibilities; ii. A material reduction of EXECUTIVE s annual Base Salary; provided, however, that prior to a Charge in Control, it shall not be Good Reason if there is a corresponding reduction in the base salaries of all other EXECUTIVE officers of the COMPANY; or iii. A material change in the geographic location at which EXECUTIVE must perform services (a change in location of EXECUTIVE s office will be considered material only if it increases EXECUTIVE s current one-way commute by more than fifty (50) miles). iv. A condition shall not be considered Good Reason unless EXECUTIVE gives the COMPANY written notice of the condition within thirty (30) days after the condition comes into existence and the COMPANY fails to remedy the condition within thirty (30) days after receiving EXECUTIVE s written notice. 
 8 

i. Definition of Disability . For all purposes under this Agreement , Disability shall mean that EXECUTIVE is unable to perform the essential functions of EXECUTIVE s position , with or without reasonable accommodation, for a period of at least one hundred twenty (120) consecutive days because of a physical or mental impairment. j. Definition of Separation. For all purposes under this Agreement, Separation shall mean an involuntary separation from service such as a termination of employment without Cause, resignation for Good Reason, a Change in Control and as defined in the regulations under Section 409A. 8. Covenant of Confidentiality. All documents, records, files, manuals, forms, materials, supplies, computer programs, trade secrets and other information which comes into EXECUTIVE s possession from time to time during EXECUTIVE s employment by COMPANY and/or any of COMPANY s subsidiaries or affiliates, shall be deemed to be confidential and proprietary to COMPANY and shall remain the sole and exclusive property of COMPANY. EXECUTIVE acknowledges that all such confidential and proprietary information is confidential and proprietary and not readily available to COMPANY s business competitors. On the effective date of the termination of the employment relationship or at such other date as specified by COMPANY, EXECUTIVE agrees that he will return to COMPANY all such confidential and proprietary items (including, but not limited to, COMPANY marketing material, business cards, keys, etc.) in his control or possession, and all copies thereof, and that he will not remove any such items from the offices of COMPANY. The Parties understand and agree that the term Confidential as used herein is intended to be broader than its meaning under the common law and/or statute. 9. Covenant of Non-Disclosure. Without the prior written approval of COMPANY, EXECUTIVE shall keep confidential and not disclose or otherwise make use of any of the confidential or proprietary information or trade secrets referred to in Section 8 nor reveal the same to any third party whomsoever, except as required by law. 10. Covenant of Non-Solicitation. During the Term of this Agreement and for a period of one (1) year following the effective date of termination, EXECUTIVE, either on EXECUTIVE s own account or for any person, firm, COMPANY or other entity, shall not solicit, interfere with or induce, or attempt to induce, any EXECUTIVE of COMPANY, or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates to leave their employment or to breach their employment agreement, if any, with COMPANY. 11. Rights to Inventions. a. Inventions Defined. Inventions means discoveries, concepts, and ideas, whether patentable or not, relating to any present or contemplated activity of COMPANY, including without limitation devices, processes, methods, 
 9 

formulae, techniques, and any improvements to the foregoing. b. Application. This Section 11 shall apply to all Inventions made or conceived by EXECUTIVE, whether or not during the hours of his employment or with the use of COMPANY facilities, materials, or personnel, either solely or jointly with others, during the Term of his employment by COMPANY and for a period of one (1) year after any termination of such employment. This Section 11 does not apply to any invention disclosed in writing to COMPANY by EXECUTIVE prior to the execution of this Agreement. c. Assignment. EXECUTIVE hereby assigns and agrees to assign to COMPANY all of his rights to Inventions and to all proprietary rights therein, based thereon or related thereto, including without limitation applications for United States and foreign letters patent and resulting letters patent. d. Reports. EXECUTIVE shall inform COMPANY promptly and fully of each Invention by a written report, setting forth in detail the structures, procedures, and methodology employed, and the results achieved Notice of Invention ). A report shall also be submitted by EXECUTIVE upon completion of any study or research project undertaken on COMPANY s behalf, whether or not in EXECUTIVE s opinion a given study or project has resulted in an Invention. e. Patents. At COMPANY s request and expense, EXECUTIVE shall execute such documents and provide such assistance as may be deemed necessary by COMPANY to apply for, defend or enforce any United States and foreign letters patent based on or related to such Inventions. 12. Remedies. Notwithstanding any other provision in this Agreement to the contrary, EXECUTIVE acknowledges and agrees that if EXECUTIVE commits a material breach of the Covenant of Confidentiality (Section 8), Covenant of Non-Disclosure (Section 9), Covenant of Non-Solicitation (Section 9), Covenant of Cooperation (Section 10), Covenant Against Competition (Section 10), or Rights to Inventions (Section 11), COMPANY shall have the right to have the obligations of EXECUTIVE specifically enforced by any court having jurisdiction on the grounds that any such breach will cause irreparable injury to COMPANY and money damages will not provide an adequate remedy. Such equitable remedies shall be in addition to any other remedies at law or equity, all of which remedies shall be cumulative and not exclusive. EXECUTIVE further acknowledges and agrees that the obligations contained in Sections 8 through 12, of this Agreement are fair, do not unreasonably restrict EXECUTIVE s future employment and business opportunities, and are commensurate with the compensation arrangements set out in this Agreement. 13. Survivability. Sections 8 through 12, of this Agreement shall survive termination of the employment relationship and this Agreement. 14. General Provisions. 
 10 

a. Authorization. COMPANY and EXECUTIVE each represent and warrant to the other that he has the authority, power and right to deliver, execute and fully perform the terms of this Agreement. b. No Conflicting Obligations. EXECUTIVE represents and warrants to that EXECUTIVE is under no obligations or commitments , whether contractua l or otherwise, t hat are inconsistent with EXECUTIVE s obligations under this Agreement provided that EXECUTIVE has discharged EXECUTIVE s legal obligations under all past and present work engagements, contracts, and guarantees including any non-compete obligations or other restrictive covenants with any previous employer that relate in any matter whatsoever to the business of the COMPANY (collectively referred to as Prior Obligations ). In case of any breach of Prior Obligations, EXECUTIVE agrees to indemnify the COMPANY in respect of any loss or damage that the COMPANY may suffer directly or indirectly from EXECUTIVE s breach of Prior Obligations. I n connection with EXECUTIVE s Em pl oyment, EXECUTIVE shall not use or disclose any trade secrets or other proprietary informat i on or intellectual property in which EXECUTIVE or any other person has any right , title or interest and EXECUTIVE s Employment shall not infringe or violate t he rights of any other person. EXECUTIVE will also be required to execute a Development and Confidentiality Agreement. c. Indemnification. As an Officer of the Company, EXECUTIVE will be named and covered under Company s Directors and Officers Insurance Policy for all acts, errors and omissions that occur the duration of EXECUTIVE s employment. The Company shall also indemnify EXECUTIVE for all acts, errors, and omissions as it does with all other Directors and Officers and as permitted under the laws of the State of Arizona. d. Entire Agreement. EXECUTIVE understands and acknowledges that this document constitutes the entire agreement between EXECUTIVE and COMPANY with regard to EXECUTIVE s employment by COMPANY and EXECUTIVE s post-employment activities concerning COMPANY. This Agreement supersedes any and all other written and oral agreements between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof. Any and all prior agreements, promises, negotiations, or representations, either written or oral, relating to the subject matter of this Agreement not expressly set forth in this Agreement are of no force and effect. This Agreement may be altered, amended, or modified only in writing signed by all of the parties hereto. Any oral representations or modifications concerning this instrument shall be of no force and effect. The Parties recognize that EXECUTIVE may be required to sign separate agreements to effectuate the terms of Paragraphs 8-12. e. Severability. If any term, provision, covenant, or condition of this Agreement is held by a court or other tribunal of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, void, or unenforceable, the remainder of such provisions and all of the remaining provisions hereof shall remain in full force and effect to the fullest extent permitted by 
 11 

law and shall in no way be affected, impaired, or invalidated as a result of such decision and a court is permitted to reform the Agreement as necessary to ensure its enforceability. f. Governing Law. Except to the extent that federal law may Preempt Arizona law, this Agreement and the rights and obligations hereunder shall be governed, construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Arizona without regard to its choice of laws. g. Taxes. All compensation payable hereunder is gross and shall be subject to such withholding taxes and other taxes as may be provided by law. EXECUTIVE shall be responsible for the payment of all taxes attributable to the compensation provided by this Agreement except for those taxes required by law to be paid or withheld by COMPANY. h. Assignment. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the successors and assigns of COMPANY. EXECUTIVE may not sell, transfer, assign, or pledge any of his rights or interests pursuant to this Agreement. This Agreement and all of EXECUTIVE s rights hereunder shall inure to the benefit of , and be enforceable by , EXECUTIVE s personal or legal representatives , executors , administrators, successors, heirs, distributees, devisees and legatees . i. Waiver. Either party s failure to enforce any provision or provisions of this Agreement shall not in any way be construed as a waiver of any such provision or provisions, or prevent that party thereafter from enforcing such provision or provisions and each and every other provision of this Agreement. j. Captions. Titles, cross-references and headings to sections in this Agreement are for the purpose of reference only and shall in no way limit, define, or otherwise affect any provisions contained therein. k. Authorization to Undertake Background Screen. EMPLOYEE voluntarily consents and authorizes the COMPANY (including any of its officers, employees or agents) to check EMPLOYEE s references by contacting any person or entity whom they deem to be an appropriate reference. EMPLOYEE also authorizes the disclosure of information concerning his employment history, earnings history, education, credit history, credit capacity and standing, driving record history and standing, criminal records check and conviction history, pre-employment drug test results, and all other information deemed pertinent by the consumer reporting agency to the agency by the following: past or present employers, learning institutions, including colleges and universities; law enforcement agencies; federal, state and local courts; the military; credit bureaus; and motor vehicle records agencies. EMPLOYEE voluntarily releases the COMPANY from all liability for damages or claims which may arise or result from any reference information gathered pursuant to this authorization. 15. Acknowledgement. EXECUTIVE acknowledges that he has been given a reasonable period of time to study this Agreement before signing it. EXECUTIVE certifies that he has fully read, has received an explanation of, and completely understands the terms, nature, and effect of this Agreement. EXECUTIVE further acknowledges that he is executing this Agreement freely, knowingly, and voluntarily and that EXECUTIVE s execution of this Agreement is not the result of any fraud, duress, mistake, or undue influence whatsoever. In executing this Agreement, EXECUTIVE does not rely on any 
 12 

inducements, promises, or representations by COMPANY other than the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 16. Effective Only Upon Execution by Authorized Officer of COMPANY. This Agreement shall have no force or effect and shall be unenforceable in its entirety until it is executed by a duly authorized officer of COMPANY and such executed Agreement is delivered to EXECUTIVE. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have read, understood, and voluntarily executed this Agreement as of the day and year first above written. EXECUTIVE COMPANY /s/ Christian Palmer By: /s/ Joseph Chen Christian Palmer Joseph Chen Chief Executive Officer 
 
 13 

</EX-10.21>

<EX-10.22>
 15
 tmb-20221231xex10d22.htm
 EX-10.22

Exhibit 10.22 EMPLOYMENT CONTRACT Party A (the Company): /s/ Beijing Qianxiang Wangjing Technology Development Co., Ltd. Legal Representative of Company: Authorized Representative of the Company: Address: Party B (the Employee): He Li Sex: Male ID: [ ] Address: [ ] According to the Labor Law of the People s Republic of China and other relevant state regulations, Party A and Party B voluntarily sign this contract through equal consultation and consensus, and jointly abide by the terms listed in this contract. 1. Type and term of employment contract Article 1. The term type of this contract is: Type 2(choose one of the following three items). Type 1: with a fixed term; Type 2: no fixed term; Type 3: with a term to complete a certain work; 1.1 Fixed-term employee contract: the contract period is from to , of which the probationary period is months. 1.2 No fixed term: the employment starts from April 3, 2019 . The probationary period is from / to /. 2. Job duties Article 2 Party B agrees to assume the position of according to the requirements of Party A. Article 3 Party B shall obey the management and arrangement of Party A, and fulfill the duties and tasks as assigned by Party A according to the job responsibilities. Article 4 Party B may request to be transferred to other departments and positions in the company according to its own characteristics and capabilities. But it must go through the relevant transfer application approval procedures in accordance with Party A s regulations, and can only be transferred with Party A s consent. Article 5 If Party B fails to complete the duties according to Party A s requirements, Party A has the right to adjust Party B s job position and salary. 3. Labor protection and working conditions Article 6 The working hours of Party B shall be implemented in accordance with the relevant regulations of the state and Party A. Article 7 Party B is entitled to rest and enjoy vacation in accordance with the provisions of the state, the regulations and work arrangements of Party A. Article 8 During the working period of Party B, Party A is obliged to provide Party B with the labor protection stipulated by national laws and regulations. Article 9 Party A shall provide Party B with necessary labor conditions and labor tools, formulate operating procedures, work norms, and labor hygiene systems and standards. 

 4. Labor remunerations Article 10 Party A will determine Party B s salary standard based on Party B s job performance and contribution to Party A, as well as Party A s business performance. The salary standard is based on the amount determined in the employment notice, employment letter or performance assignment letter from Party A to Party B, and it is an attachment to this contract. Party A is committed to the development of the enterprise, continuously creating the best economic and social benefits, and improving the salaries, bonuses and benefits of employees, so as to benefit the development of Party B. Article 11 Party A shall calculate the salary due to Party B according to the prescribed salary payment standards and assessment methods, and pay Party B in the form of RMB. Article 12 Party B s salary will be adjusted by Party A according to its work performance, position, and Party A s operating conditions, but it shall not be lower than the minimum wage standard stipulated by the local government. Article 13 If Party A does not have sufficient work tasks to maintain Party B s job duties, Party A will only pay Party B the minimum wage standard stipulated by the local government. 5. Insurance and Benefits Article 14 Party A and Party B shall pay social security charges in accordance with the relevant provisions of national and local governments; Party B shall bear the relevant social security charges caused by Party B. Article 15 If Party B is sick or suffers non-work-related injuries, its sick leave salary and medical treatment shall be determined in accordance with the relevant regulations of Party A and the provisions of national and local governments. Article 16 The treatment of Party B suffering from occupational diseases or work-related injuries shall be determined in accordance with the relevant provisions of national and local governments. 6. Labor discipline Article 17 Party B shall strictly comply with national laws and regulations and Party A s rules and regulations. Article 18 If Party B violates labor discipline and/or Party A s rules and regulations, Party A has the right to deal with it in accordance with the rules and regulations, including terminating this contract. Article 19 Party A may modify or supplement relevant rules and regulations according to business operation and management needs. The rules and regulations shall be released through official channels (BBS, intranet, bulletin board, etc.), and Party B shall comply with the rules. 7. In-Service Invention, Creation and Confidentiality Article 20 All the technical inventions, innovations and other intellectual property rights, ownership and the right to apply for patents produced by Party B while completing the work arranged by Party A or mainly using Party A s materials, facilities, and workplaces shall be owned by Party A. All operating and service proceeds within the scope of work belong to Party A. Article 21 Party A s business secrets mainly include: Party A s business strategy, market analysis report, marketing strategy, management system, intelligence information, advertising creativity, file image data, and financial audit data and other business information; Party A s software technical information such as development process, engineering design drawings, technical data, technical documents, source programs; and other confidential matters designated by Party A. Article 22 Party B promises to be responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of Party A s business secrets during the working period with Party A, and not to spread, copy, reprint, carry out, 

 or discard at will without the permission of Party A; Party B shall bear full responsibility for any breach of confidentiality caused by Party B s intent or negligence, and shall compensate Party A for the losses caused thereby; at the same time, Party B promises that even after Party B resigns, without Party A s permission, Party B will not disclose Party A s business secrets to any third party. Article 23 Party B promises that during the working period with Party A, without the permission of Party A, it will not operate the same business as Party A for itself or for others, and will not engage in part-time work in the same or similar position in other companies; otherwise, Party A Party has the right to file a lawsuit against Party B and its part-time employer. 8. Change, rescission, termination and renewal of the employment contract Article 24 If the laws, regulations, and rules on which this contract is based change, the relevant content of this contract should be changed accordingly. Article 25 If there are significant changes in the objective circumstances on the basis of which this contract is entered into, resulting in the inability to perform this contract, the relevant content of this contract may be changed with the agreement of both parties through consultation. Article 26 The modification of this contract shall not become effective until it is agreed by both parties and confirmed in writing. Article 27 The change of Party A s legal representative (or authorized representative) and work location will not affect the validity and performance of the employment contract, and both parties do not need to re-sign the labor contract. Article 28 If Party B changes job positions within Party A, he does not need to re-sign the employment contract, but only needs to change his job responsibilities according to the changes in his job position. Article 29 This contract can be terminated upon mutual agreement between Party A and Party B. Article 30 If Party B has one of the following circumstances, Party A may terminate this contract without any compensation: 1. During the probation period, it is proved that Party B does not meet the employment requirements; 2. Serious violation of the rules and regulations of Party A; 3. Serious dereliction of duty, malpractice for personal gain, causing significant damage to the interests of Party A; 4. Disclosing Party A s confidentiality or business secrets, causing significant damage to Party A s interests; 5. Absent from duty without authorization for more than three days (including three days); 6. Refusing to obey the position or department transfer arranged by Party A, thereby affecting the normal management order of Party A; 7. It has been verified that there has been concealment, false provision, or falsification of relevant work experience, study experience, and criminal records; 8. Seriously violating the Public Security Management Punishment Regulations, or being investigated for criminal responsibility for violating the Criminal Law; 9. Establishing labor relations with other employers, and refusing to make corrections at Party A s request or directly causing serious impact on Party A s work; 10. Using fraud, coercion, and taking advantage of others dangers to make Party A sign or modify 

 the employment contract against its true intention, resulting in the invalidity of the contract; Article 31 In any of the following circumstances, Party A may terminate this contract, but shall notify Party B in writing for 30 days in advance: 1. During the contract period, Party B is sick or suffers non-work-related injuries. After the medical treatment period expires, Party B cannot engage in the regular job arranged by Party A or does not meet the requirements of the national and local governments to engage in relevant industries and types of jobs. And Party A is unable to arrange another work for Party B; 2. Party B is not competent for the job, and is still not competent for the job after training or job position adjustment; 3. Significant changes have taken place in the circumstances on which the labor contract was concluded, making it impossible to perform the employment contract, and no agreement can be reached on the modification of the employment contract after negotiation between the two parties. Article 32 If Party B has any of the following circumstances, Party A shall not terminate this contract, and the contract period shall be automatically extended until the expiration of the following circumstances: 1. Sickness or nonwork-related injury, within the prescribed medical treatment period; 2. Female employees during pregnancy, childbirth, or breastfeeding; 3. Other circumstances stipulated by laws and administrative regulations. Article 33 If Party B proposes to terminate this contract in advance, it shall notify Party A in writing at least 30 days in advance, and shall notify Party A in writing three days in advance during the probationary period, except for economic losses caused by Party B to Party A that have not yet been dealt with. Article 34 In any of the following circumstances, Party B may notify Party A to terminate this contract: 1. Party A forces Party B to work by illegal means; 2. Party A fails to pay labor remuneration or provide labor conditions as agreed in the contract; 3. Other circumstances under which the labor contract may be terminated by the employees as stipulated by laws and administrative regulations. Article 35 This contract shall be terminated under any of the following circumstances: 1. The contract period expires; 2. The termination conditions are met as stipulated in the contract; 3. Party B begins to receive the basic pension benefits according to law; 4. Party A goes bankrupt or dissolves according to law; 5. Other circumstances stipulated by laws, regulations and rules. Article 36 Party A and Party B may renew the labor contract after negotiation and agreement, and the contract renewal shall be submitted to the other party in written form 30 days before the expiration of the contract. Article 37 The specific procedures for modifying, rescinding, terminating, and renewing this contract shall be carried out in accordance with the relevant policies of Party A. 9. Compensation for losses and damages 

 Article 38 If Party B violates the provisions of this contract to terminate the labor contract or violates the business secrets stipulated in this contract, causing losses to Party A, Party B shall fully compensate Party A for the losses, otherwise, Party A has the right to pursue Party B s economic and legal liabilities. Article 39 If Party B terminates this contract in advance and is personnel trained by Party A, Party B shall pay Party A liquidated damages according to the relevant agreement signed by both parties. Article 40 Party B shall complete the resignation procedures in accordance with Party A s policies within one week from the date of resignation, otherwise, Party A has the right to dispose of Party B s personnel files, social security relations, etc., and the resulting expenses shall be borne by Party B. Article 41 After the resignation procedures of Party B are completed, if Party B is additionally found to have caused losses to Party A during the working period with Party A, Party A still has the right to require Party B to fully compensate Party A for the losses, otherwise, Party A has the right to pursue Party B s economic and legal Liabilities. 10. Labor Disputes Resolution Article 42 Disputes arising from the performance of this contract between Party A and Party B shall be resolved through negotiation; if the negotiation fails, either party may apply for arbitration to the labor dispute arbitration committee at the place where Party A is located within 60 days from the date of the dispute; if either party is not dissatisfied with the arbitration award, a lawsuit can be brought to the people s court of the place where Party A actually operates within 15 days from the date of receipt of the arbitration award. 11. Other Terms Article 43 Party B promises that when signing this contract with Party A, Party B has terminated the labor contract with any of Party B s prior work entity as of the date of signing the contract. Any joint and several economic and legal responsibilities of Party B in the original entity have nothing to do with Party A. Article 44 Matters that are not agreed upon in this contract shall be resolved through negotiation between both parties. Article 45 The rules and policies publicly released by Party A through official channels (BBS, intranet, bulletin board, OA system, etc.), and various agreements signed with Party B are attached as valid attachments to this contract. Article 46 If the terms of this contract conflict with national laws and regulations, the provisions of national laws and regulations shall prevail. Article 47 This contract is made in duplicate, and each party holds one copy, with the same legal effect. 12. Others Article 48 Party A and Party B agree to add the following content to this contract: During the execution of this contract, Party A has the right to transfer Party B s employment relations, work arrangements, labor discipline, salary performance, etc. to Party A s affiliated companies according to its business development, and all rights and obligations of Party A under this contract would be transferred to Party A s affiliated company, and Party B shall comply with the company s arrangement and management. Party B confirms that its contact information is: [ ] The contact person is: He Li [ ] 

 Any notice, letter, documentary information, property sent to the above contact information and contact person will be considered as valid delivery to Party B. 

Party A (seal): /s/ Beijing Qianxiang Wangjing Technology Development Co., Ltd. Legal representative (signature): Date : Address Party B (signature) /s/ He Li Date : April 3, 2019 Address : Beijing 

</EX-10.22>

<EX-21.1>
 16
 tmb-20221231xex21d1.htm
 EX-21.1

EXHIBIT 21.1 List of Principal Subsidiaries and Consolidated Affiliated Entities 

Place of incorporation Subsidiaries CIAC/ChinaInterActiveCorp Cayman Islands Renren Gongying Inc. Cayman Islands Renren ZHCH Holdings Inc. Cayman Islands Renren Giantly Limited Hong Kong Chime Technologies, Inc. Delaware, USA Renren U.S. Holdco, Inc. Delaware, USA Trucker Path, Inc. Delaware, USA Lucrativ Inc. Delaware, USA Lofty US, Inc. Arizona, USA Renren Giantly Philippines Inc. Philippines Qianxiang Shiji Technology Development (Beijing) Co., Ltd. PRC Rentancy, Ltd. United Kingdom SaaS Logistics US, Inc. Delaware, USA 

Place of Incorporation Consolidated Affiliated Entities: Beijing Qianxiang Tiancheng Technology Development Co., Ltd. PRC Beijing Qianxiang Wangjing Technology Development Co., Ltd. PRC 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 17
 tmb-20221231xex23d1.htm
 EX-23.1

Exhibit 23.1 INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM S CONSENT We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement of Renren Inc. on Form S-8, (File No. 333-177366, File No. 333-209734 and File No. 333-227886) of our report dated March 31, 2023, with respect to our audits of the consolidated financial statements and related notes of Renren Inc. as of December 31, 2021 and 2022 and for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, which report is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Renren Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. /s/ Marcum Asia CPAs LLP New York, NY March 31, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 18
 tmb-20221231xex23d2.htm
 EX-23.2

Exhibit 23.2 March 31, 2023 Renren Inc. 45 West Buchanan Street, Phoenix, Arizona, 85003 Re: Consent of Yuanhe Twelve Tables Partners We hereby consent to the use of our firm name and summaries of our firm s opinions under the captions of Item 1A Risk Factors and Item 5. Market For Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Taxation Material People s Republic of China Taxation in Renren Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Form 10-K ), which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission in the month of March 2023, and further consent to the incorporation by reference of the summaries of our opinions under these captions into Renren Inc. s registration statements on Form S-8 (File No. 333-177366, File No. 333-209734 and File No. 333-227886) that were filed on October 18, 2011, February 26, 2016 and October 19, 2018, respectively. We also hereby consent to the filing of this consent letter as an exhibit to the Form 10-K. In giving such consent, we do not thereby admit that we come within the category of persons whose consent is required under Section 7 of the Securities Act of 1933, or under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, in each case, as amended, or the regulations promulgated thereunder. Yours sincerely, 

/s/ Yuanhe Twelve Tables Partners Yuanhe Twelve Tables Partners 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-23.3>
 19
 tmb-20221231xex23d3.htm
 EX-23.3

Exhibit 23.3 

Our ref SQG/667469-000001/26093583v1 Direct tel +852 2971 3006 E-mail derrick.kan@maples.com 
 Renren Inc. 45 West Buchanan Street, Phoenix, Arizona, 85003 USA March 31, 2023 Dear Sirs Re: Renren Inc. We have acted as legal advisors as to the laws of the Cayman Islands to Renren Inc., an exempted company with limited liability incorporated in the Cayman Islands (the Company ), in connection with the filing by the Company with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission of an annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended 31 December 2022 (the Annual Report ). We hereby consent to the reference of our name under the heading Item 5 Taxation in the Annual Report and further consent to the incorporation by reference of the summary of our opinion under this heading into the Company s registration statements on Form S-8 (File No. 333-177366, File No. 333-209734 and File No. 333-227886) that were filed on 18 October 2011, 26 February 2016 and 19 October 2018, respectively. We consent to the filing with the SEC of this consent letter as an exhibit to the Annual Report. In giving such consent, we do not thereby admit that we come within the category of persons whose consent is required under Section 7 of the Securities Act of 1933, or under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, in each case, as amended, or the regulations promulgated thereunder. Yours faithfully /s/ Maples and Calder (Hong Kong) LLP Maples and Calder (Hong Kong) LLP 

</EX-23.3>

<EX-31.1>
 20
 tmb-20221231xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 31.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Joseph Chen, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Renren Inc.;
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurances regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2023 /s/ Joseph Chen By: Joseph Chen Title: Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 21
 tmb-20221231xex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 31.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Chris Palmer, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Renren Inc.;
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurances regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2023 /s/ Chris Palmer By: Chris Palmer Title: Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 22
 tmb-20221231xex32d1.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit 32.1 CERTIFICATION Pursuant to the requirement set forth in Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, (the Exchange Act and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code (18 U.S.C. 1350), Joseph Chen, Chief Executive Officer of Renren Inc. (the Company and Chris Palmer, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, each hereby certifies that, to the best of his or her knowledge: 1. The Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, to which this Certification is attached as Exhibit 32.1 (the Annual Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act; and 2. The information contained in the Annual Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. Date: March 31, 2023 /s/ Joseph Chen /s/ Chris Palmer Joseph Chen Chris Palmer Chief Executive Officer Chief Financial Officer 
 This certification accompanies the Form 10-K to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (whether made before or after the date of the Form 10-K), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 24
 tmb-20221231.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 26
 tmb-20221231_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 27
 tmb-20221231_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 28
 tmb-20221231_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

