<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230324_10-K_edgar_data_1413754_0001493152-23-008914.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9035866</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>639244</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1686338</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2991681</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1628726</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1848482</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-008914.hdr.sgml : 20230324
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230324170020
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-008914
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		78
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230324
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230324

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MARIZYME INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001413754
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				825464863
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-53223
		FILM NUMBER:		23760624

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		555 HERITAGE DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 205
		CITY:			JUPITER
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33458
		BUSINESS PHONE:		561-935-9955

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		555 HERITAGE DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 205
		CITY:			JUPITER
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33458

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	GBS Enterprises Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100830

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Swav Enterprises Ltd.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070928

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-008914.txt : 20230324

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended: , 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from ____________ to _____________ 

Commission
File No. 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 Identification
 No.) 

, , , 

(Address
 of Principal Executive Offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

(Registrant s
 telephone number, including area code) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Not
 applicable. 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

Common
Stock, 0.001 par value 

(Title
of class) 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant
was required to submit and post such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting
company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, and smaller reporting company 
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

On
June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market value
of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately , based upon the closing
price on that date of the common stock of the registrant on the OTCQB of 2.69. (1) Shares held by
each executive officer and director and by each person who owned 10 or more of the outstanding shares of common stock have been excluded
from the calculation in that such persons may be deemed to be affiliates of the registrant. This determination of affiliate status is
not necessarily a conclusive determination for other purposes. 

The
number of the registrant s shares of common stock outstanding was as of March 24, 2023. 

(1) Unless
 indicated otherwise, all share amounts, share price amounts and amounts derived from share
 amounts and share price amounts contained in this report do not give effect to: (i) the filing
 of a Certificate of Change Pursuant to Nevada Revised Statutes NRS 78.209
 with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada (the Nevada Secretary of State on August 3, 2022, which provided for a decrease of the registrant s authorized common
 stock from 75,000,000 shares to 18,750,000 shares and corresponding decrease of every four
 (4) shares of the registrant s issued and outstanding shares of common stock into one
 (1) share, and which became effective upon filing; (ii) the filing of a Certificate of Change
 Pursuant to NRS 78.209 with the Nevada Secretary of State on January 5, 2023, which provided
 for a decrease of the registrant s authorized common stock from 75,000,000 shares to
 20,000,000 shares and a corresponding change of every three-and-three-quarters (3.75) shares
 of the registrant s issued and outstanding shares of common stock to one (1) share,
 and which became effective upon filing; (iii) the filing of a Certificate of Change Pursuant
 to NRS 78.209 with the Nevada Secretary of State on January 13, 2023, which provided for
 the increase of the registrant s authorized common stock from 20,000,000 shares to
 75,000,000 shares and the corresponding increase of every issued and outstanding share of
 the registrant s common stock to three-and-three-quarters (3.75) shares, and which
 became effective at 4:45 PM Pacific Time on January 17, 2023; (iv) the filing of a Certificate
 of Change Pursuant to NRS 78.209 with the Nevada Secretary of State on January 13, 2023,
 which provided for the increase of the registrant s authorized common stock from 75,000,000
 shares to 300,000,000 shares and the corresponding increase of every issued and outstanding
 share of the registrant s common stock to three-and-three-quarters (3.75) shares, and
 which became effective at 5:00 PM Pacific Time on January 17, 2023; and (v) the filing of
 a Certificate of Change Pursuant to NRS 78.209 with the Nevada Secretary of State on January
 13, 2023, which provided for the decrease of the registrant s authorized common stock
 from 300,000,000 to 20,000,000 and the corresponding change of every fifteen (15) shares
 of the registrant s issued and outstanding common stock to one (1) share, and became
 effective at 5:15 PM Pacific Time on January 17, 2023. See Part I. Note Regarding
 Presentation of Capitalization in this Report for related discussion. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

None. 

MARIZYME,
INC. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

FORM
10-K 

For
the Year Ended December 31, 2022 

INDEX 

PART I 
 Page 

ITEM
 1. 
 Business 
 5 
 
 ITEM
 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 30 
 
 ITEM
 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 48 
 
 ITEM
 2. 
 Properties 
 48 
 
 ITEM
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 49 
 
 ITEM
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 49 

PART II 

ITEM
 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 50 
 
 ITEM
 6. 
 [RESERVED] 
 51 
 
 ITEM
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 51 
 
 ITEM
 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 67 
 
 ITEM
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 68 
 
 ITEM
 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 93 
 
 ITEM
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 93 
 
 ITEM
 9B. 
 Other Information 
 94 
 
 ITEM
 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 94 

PART III 

ITEM
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 95 
 
 ITEM
 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 100 
 
 ITEM
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 109 
 
 ITEM
 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 111 
 
 ITEM
 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 117 

PART IV 

ITEM
 15. 
 Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 
 117 
 
 ITEM
 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 121 

2 

PART
I 

CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995 under Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, and Section 21E of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act. Forward-looking statements include statements with respect to our
beliefs, plans, objectives, goals, expectations, anticipations, assumptions, estimates, intentions, and future performance, and involve
known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which may be beyond our control, and which may cause our actual results, performance
or achievements to be materially different from future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking
statements. All statements other than statements of historical fact are statements that could be forward-looking statements. You can
identify these forward-looking statements through our use of words such as may, can, anticipate, 
 assume, should, indicate, would, believe, contemplate, 
 expect, seek, estimate, continue, plan, point to, 
 project, predict, could, intend, target, potential 
and other similar words and expressions of the future. 

There
are a number of important factors that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking
statement made by us. These factors include, but are not limited to: 

our ability to meet the listing requirements of a national securities exchange; 
 
 results
 and timing of our clinical trials and planned clinical trials; 
 
 the
 timing of, and outcome of, regulatory approvals needed to market and commercialize our products; 
 
 the cost, quality, availability, and reliability of the supply of materials and services needed for products; 
 
 our ability to develop our medical technologies into viable products and services; 
 
 the marketing success of our distribution partners; 
 
 demand for, and market acceptance of, our products; 
 
 our
 goals and strategies; 
 
 our
 future business development, financial condition and results of operations; 
 
 expected
 changes in our revenue, costs or expenditures; 
 
 growth
 of and competition trends in our industry; 
 
 our
 expectations regarding our relationships with investors, institutional funding partners and
 other parties with whom we collaborate; 
 
 our
 expectation regarding the use of proceeds from our proposed public offering; 
 
 fluctuations
 in general economic and business conditions in the markets in which we operate; and 
 
 relevant
 government policies and regulations relating to our industry. 

These
forward-looking statements reflect our management s beliefs and views with respect to future events and are based on estimates
and assumptions as of March 24, 2023 and are subject to risks and uncertainties. We discuss many of these risks in greater detail under
 Item 1A. Risk Factors . Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks emerge
from time to time. It is not possible for our management to predict all risks, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business
or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any
forward-looking statements we may make. Given these uncertainties, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. 

You
should read this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the documents that we reference and have filed as exhibits to the Annual Report on Form
10-K completely and with the understanding that our actual future results may be materially different from what we expect. We qualify
all of the forward-looking statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K by these cautionary statements. Except as required by law, we
undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 

Use
of Terms 

In
this report, we, us, our, our company , Marizyme and similar references
refer to Marizyme, Inc., a Nevada corporation, and its wholly-owned subsidiaries, Somahlution, Inc., a Delaware corporation Somahlution,
Inc. ), Somaceutica, Inc., a Florida corporation Somaceutica ), Marizyme Sciences, Inc., a Florida corporation Marizyme
Sciences ), and My Health Logic Inc., a corporation incorporated pursuant to the laws of the Province of Alberta, Canada My
Health Logic ), and (ii) the term common stock refers to the common stock, par value 0.001 per share, of Marizyme,
Inc., a Nevada corporation. The financial information included herein is presented in United States dollars, or U.S. Dollars, the functional
currency of our company. 

Note
Regarding Presentation of Capitalization in this Report 

Unless
indicated otherwise, all share amounts, share price amounts and amounts derived from share amounts and share price amounts contained
in this report do not give effect to: (i) the filing of a Certificate of Change Pursuant to Nevada Revised Statutes NRS 78.209 (the First Certificate of Change with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada (the Nevada Secretary
of State on August 3, 2022, which provided for a decrease of the registrant s authorized common stock from 75,000,000 shares
to 18,750,000 shares and corresponding decrease of every four (4) shares of the registrant s issued and outstanding shares of common
stock into one (1) share (the First Reverse Stock Split ), and which became effective upon filing (the First Certificate
of Change Effective Time (ii) the filing of a Certificate of Change Pursuant to NRS 78.209 (the Second Certificate of
Change with the Nevada Secretary of State on January 5, 2023, which provided for a decrease of the registrant s authorized
common stock from 75,000,000 shares to 20,000,000 shares and a corresponding change of every three-and-three-quarters (3.75) shares of
the registrant s issued and outstanding shares of common stock to one (1) share (the Second Reverse Stock Split ),
and which became effective upon filing (the Second Certificate of Change Effective Time (iii) the filing of a Certificate
of Change Pursuant to NRS 78.209 (the Third Certificate of Change with the Nevada Secretary of State on January 13, 2023,
which provided for the increase of the registrant s authorized common stock from 20,000,000 shares to 75,000,000 shares and the
corresponding increase of every issued and outstanding share of the registrant s common stock to three-and-three-quarters (3.75)
shares (the First Forward Stock Split ), and which became effective at 4:45 PM Pacific Time on January 17, 2023 (the Third
Certificate of Change Effective Time (iv) the filing of a Certificate of Change Pursuant to NRS 78.209 (the Fourth Certificate
of Change with the Nevada Secretary of State on January 13, 2023, which provided for the increase of the registrant s authorized
common stock from 75,000,000 shares to 300,000,000 shares and the corresponding increase of every issued and outstanding share of the
registrant s common stock to three-and-three-quarters (3.75) shares (the Second Forward Stock Split ), and which became
effective at 5:00 PM Pacific Time on January 17, 2023 (the Fourth Certificate of Change Effective Time and (v) the filing
of a Certificate of Change Pursuant to NRS 78.209 (the Fifth Certificate of Change with the Nevada Secretary of State
on January 13, 2023, which provided for the decrease of the registrant s authorized common stock from 300,000,000 to 20,000,000
and the corresponding change of every fifteen (15) shares of the registrant s issued and outstanding common stock to one (1) share
(the Consolidated Reverse Stock Split ), and became effective at 5:15 PM Pacific Time on January 17, 2023 (the Fifth
Certificate of Change Effective Time ). 

3 

Except
for purposes of the financial statements of the registrant included with this Annual Report on Form 10-K, this report gives effect to
the Company s filing of a Certificate of Amendment Pursuant to NRS 78.380 78.390 (the Certificate of Amendment with the Nevada Secretary of State on December 30, 2022, which provided for the increase of the number of authorized shares of the registrant s
common stock from 18,750,000 shares of common stock to 75,000,000 shares of common stock, on a post-First Reverse Stock Split basis (the
 Authorized Capital Increase ), and which became effective at the time of such filing, 11:00 AM Pacific Time, on the same
date (the Certificate of Amendment Effective Time ). Due to the presentation of the capitalization of the registrant described
above, the description of the amount of authorized capital of the registrant in Exhibit 4.21 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K does not
give effect to the First Reverse Stock Split, the Second Reverse Stock Split, the First Forward Stock Split, the Second Forward Stock
Split, or the Consolidated Reverse Stock Split. 

The
processing of the Consolidated Reverse Stock Split on the number of shares held by each stockholder according to transfer agent or brokerage
firm records and the reported price of the registrant s common stock will occur at the time that the Consolidated Reverse Stock
Split is announced by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. FINRA on its Daily List in accordance with FINRA
Rule 6490 (the Public Adjustment Time ), which will be subject to the listing of the registrant s common stock on
the Nasdaq Capital Market tier of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq and completion of FINRA s issuer corporate
action processing requirements. The listing of the registrant s common stock on Nasdaq remains subject to approval by Nasdaq of
the registrant s listing application. The outcome of these matters cannot be determined at this time. Assuming that Nasdaq approves
the listing of the registrant s common stock, it is anticipated that the Public Adjustment Time will occur after market close on
the trading date prior to the first date of trading on Nasdaq. At that time, the number of shares of the registrant s common stock
held by each stockholder as reflected in the records of the registrant s transfer agent or the stockholder s brokerage firm
records will be reduced by 1,500 to reflect the processing of the Consolidated Reverse Stock Split. At market open the following trading
day, which as anticipated will be the first day that the registrant s common stock trades on Nasdaq, the price of the registrant s
common stock will reflect a 1,500 increase as a result of the processing of the Consolidated Reverse Stock Split. The registrant s
common stock will trade on Nasdaq under its current ticker symbol, MRZM, but will trade under a new CUSIP Number, 570372
201. The registrant also intends to file a Current Report on Form 8-K reporting FINRA s announcement of the Consolidated Reverse
Stock Split and related material matters. 

No
fractional shares will be issued, and no cash or scrip will be paid in connection with the First Reverse Stock Split, the Second Reverse
Stock Split, the First Forward Stock Split, the Second Forward Stock Split, or the Consolidated Reverse Stock Split. One whole share
of the registrant s common stock is issuable to any stockholder who would otherwise receive a fractional share pursuant to the
First Certificate of Change or the Second Certificate of Change. No fractional shares were anticipated to become issuable pursuant to
the Third Certificate of Change, the Fourth Certificate of Change, or the Fifth Certificate of Change. At the Public Adjustment Time,
certain stockholders whose shares of the registrant s common stock are converted at the Consolidated Reverse Stock Split ratio
may receive one fewer whole share in lieu of fractional shares than such stockholders would have received in lieu of fractional shares
from the separate rounding at different effective dates and times of post-split fractional shares provided for by the First Certificate
of Change and Second Certificate of Change as compared to the adjustment to shares held by such stockholders at the time of the Public
Adjustment Time. Following the Public Adjustment Time, any claim to an additional whole share issuable pursuant to the First Certificate
of Change and the Second Certificate of Change of any stockholder will be addressed on a case-by-case basis upon receipt of a written
notice of such claim submitted by the stockholder with supporting documentation to the registrant at the following address: Attn: Secretary,
Marizyme, Inc., 555 Heritage Drive, Suite 205, Jupiter, Florida 33458. 

See
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Key Highlights
of Fiscal Year 2022 First Reverse Stock Split and Decrease in Authorized Shares , Item 7. Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Key Highlights of Fiscal Year 2022 Board and
Stockholder Approval of Increase in Stock Incentive Plan, the Authorized Capital Increase, and Other Meeting Proposals and
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Recent Developments
 Second Reverse Stock Split, First Forward Stock Split, Second Forward Stock Split, and Consolidated Reverse Stock Split 
for related discussion. 

Note
Regarding Trademarks, Trade Names and Service Marks 

Solely
for convenience, our trademarks and tradenames referred to in this report may appear without the or symbols, but such references
are not intended to indicate in any way that we will not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, our rights to these trademarks
and tradenames. 

Summary of Risk Factors 

 The following is a summary
of material risks that could affect our business. This summary may not contain all of our material risks, and it is qualified in its entirety
by the more detailed risk factors set forth under Item 1A. Risk Factors . 

Misconduct
 of employees, subcontractors, agents and business partners could cause us to lose existing contracts or customers and adversely affect
 our ability to obtain new contracts and customers and could have a significant adverse impact on our business and reputation. 

We
 anticipate that we will incur continued losses for the foreseeable future. Moreover, our independent registered public accounting
 firm s report, contained herein, includes an explanatory paragraph that expresses substantial doubt about our ability to continue
 as a going concern, indicating the possibility that we may not be able to operate in the future. 

We
 have limited working capital. 

We
 have a limited operational history. 

If
 we fail to retain current members of our senior management, or to identify, attract, integrate and retain additional key personnel,
 our business will be harmed. 

If
 we do not generate sufficient cash flow from operations in the future, we may not be able to fund our product development efforts
 and acquisitions or fulfill our future obligations. 

We
 will require substantial additional funding which may not be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. Failing to raise the
 necessary additional capital could force us to delay, reduce, eliminate or abandon growth initiatives, development or commercialization
 of our technologies and products. 

Acquisitions
 present many risks, and we may not realize the financial and strategic goals we anticipate at the time of an acquisition. 

4 

We
 may not be able to monetize intangible assets, which may result in the need to record an impairment charge. 

The
 medical device market is highly competitive, and we may not be able to effectively compete against other providers of medical devices,
 particularly those with greater resources. 

Our
 future performance may depend on the success of products we have not yet developed or acquired. 

Our
 products may never achieve market acceptance. 

We
 may delay or terminate the development or acquisition of a product at any time if we believe the perceived market or commercial opportunity
 does not justify further investment, which could materially harm our business. 

Product
 liability lawsuits against us could cause us to incur substantial liabilities and to limit commercialization of any products that
 we may develop or acquire. 

We
 may not be able to protect or enforce our intellectual property rights, which could impair our competitive position. 

Confidentiality
 agreements with employees and others may not adequately prevent disclosure of trade secrets and other proprietary information and
 may not adequately protect our intellectual property. 

We
 may be subject to intellectual property infringement claims by third parties which could be costly to defend, divert management s
 attention and resources, and may result in liability. 

Competitors
 may violate our intellectual property rights, and we may bring litigation to protect and enforce our intellectual property rights,
 which may result in substantial expense and may divert our attention from implementing our business strategy. 

We
 will be dependent on third-party manufacturers since we will not initially directly manufacture our products. 

Security
 breaches and other disruptions could compromise our information and expose us to liability, which would cause our business and reputation
 to suffer. 

The
 COVID-19 pandemic has adversely impacted the Company s supply chain and could materially and adversely affect our ability to
 conduct clinical trials and engage with our third-party vendors and thereby have a material adverse effect on our financial results. 

Our
 business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected by the political and economic conditions of the
 countries in which we conduct business. 

Climate
 change impacts including supply chain disruptions, operational impacts, and geopolitical events may impact our business operations. 

Any
 products we may develop may not be approved for sale in the U.S. or in any other country. 

Even
 if we receive regulatory approval for any product we may develop or acquire, we will be subject to ongoing regulatory obligations
 and continued regulatory review, which may result in significant additional expense and subject us to penalties if we fail to comply
 with applicable regulatory requirements. 

Failure
 to obtain regulatory approvals in foreign jurisdictions will prevent us from marketing our products internationally. 

Healthcare
 reform measures could hinder or prevent our products commercial success. 

If
 we fail to comply with healthcare regulations, we could face substantial penalties and our business, operations and financial condition
 could be adversely affected. 

Climate
 change and increased focus by governments, stockholders and customers on sustainability issues, including those related to climate
 change, may have a material adverse effect on our business and operations. 

Management
 identified material weaknesses in our internal controls, and failure to remediate them or any future ineffectiveness of internal
 controls could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business and the price of its common stock. 

If
 we continue to fail to comply with the rules under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 related to disclosure controls and procedures,
 or, if we discover additional material weaknesses and other deficiencies in our internal control and accounting procedures, our stock
 price could decline significantly and raising capital could be more difficult. 

There
 are a number of risks relating to the Consolidated Reverse Stock Split. 

We
 may not be able to maintain a listing of our common stock and warrants on the Nasdaq Capital Market. 

Substantial
 future sales of our securities, or the perception in the public markets that these sales may occur, may depress our stock price.
 Also, future issuances of our common stock or rights to purchase common stock could result in additional dilution of the percentage
 ownership of our stockholders and could cause our share price to fall. 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

Company
Overview 

Marizyme
is a multi-technology biomedical company dedicated to the accelerated development and commercialization of medical technologies that
improve patient health outcomes. 

Currently,
we are focused on developing three medical technology products DuraGraft , MATLOC TM and Krillase 
each of which is backed by a portfolio of patented or patent-pending assets. DuraGraft is a single-use intraoperative vascular graft
treatment that protects against ischemic injury and reduces the incidence and complications of graft failure, therefore maintaining endothelial
function and structure while improving clinical outcomes. MATLOC is a point-of-care, lab-on-chip digital screening and diagnostic device
platform, initially being developed for quantitative chronic kidney disease, or CKD, assessment. Our Krillase protein enzyme provides
a therapeutics opportunity for wound healing, thrombosis, and pet health. 

5 

three principal medical technologies DuraGraft , MATLOC TM and Krillase are expected to serve an unmet
significant market need in several areas, including, cardiac surgery, CKD, and pet health. We are currently preparing DuraGraft, our
endothelial damage inhibitor, or EDI, for the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, De Novo classification process. We filed a pre-submission
letter for DuraGraft with the FDA in November 2021 and we submitted the De Novo request for DuraGraft to the FDA in January 2023. Upon
receiving FDA approval of DuraGraft, which we anticipate but cannot guarantee, we expect to quickly commercialize the product and build
revenue rapidly utilizing multiple strategic partners and revenue channels. With our DuraGraft, MATLOC and Krillase technologies, we
have the potential to bring three FDA-approved products to market. 

For
2023, our primary business priority is achieving FDA approval of DuraGraft as a medical device for coronary bypass artery graft, or CABG,
procedures, through the De Novo classification request process. Following FDA approval of DuraGraft, which we anticipate but cannot guarantee,
we expect to begin to distribute and sell DuraGraft in the United States through the efforts of a strategic partner. If we are not able
to find an appropriate strategic partner, we will have to build our own marketing and sales capabilities at a significant cost to us
and with no guarantee of success. DuraGraft first received its CE marking in August 2014. CE marking signifies that DuraGraft may be
sold in the European Economic Area, or EEA, and DuraGraft has therefore been assessed as meeting EEA safety, health, and environmental
protection requirements. We will continue marketing efforts in Europe and in other countries that accept CE marking. In addition, we
intend to fully develop and market DuraGraft in the U.S. for fat grafting procedures in plastic surgery procedures. 

In
2023, we also intend to continue the advancement of our MATLOC CKD point-of-care device, mainly through the development of our lab-on-chip
technology under a Sponsored Research Agreement, or SRA. An SRA is an agreement (which may be classified as a grant, contract or cooperative
agreement) under which one party (the Sponsor provides funding to a second party to support the performance of a specified
research project or related activity. The Sponsor may be a foundation, government agency, for-profit entity, research institute, or another
university. 

As
we achieve FDA approvals, which we anticipate but cannot guarantee, we intend to prioritize the commercialization of our DuraGraft, MATLOC
and Krillase platform products through multiple distribution and marketing channels in the U.S. We expect that once we enter the commercialization
phase, we will be able to rapidly generate revenue growth. Additionally, in the near term we expect to generate revenue from the sale
of DuraGraft through the expansion of our international marketing efforts by our distribution partners. 

On
February 14, 2022, Marizyme filed the initial registration statement on Form S-1 relating to the Company s proposed public offering.
As of March 24, 2023, the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC had not declared the registration statement effective,
the final prospectus had not been filed, and the common stock had not been approved for listing on the Nasdaq Capital Market. The offering
is contingent upon the listing of our securities on the Nasdaq Capital Market. There is no guarantee or assurance that our securities
will be approved for listing on the Nasdaq Capital Market. Any proceeds from the offering will be used by the Company (i) to develop
its DuraGraft, MATLOC, and Krillase platforms; (ii) to commercialize and produce its products, (iii) repayment of indebtedness used for
working capital consisting of principal and accrued interest outstanding under a Promissory Note issued to Hexin Global Ltd. Hexin on December 28, 2022 for the principal amount of 750,000 bearing interest at the annual rate of 20 per annum, due June 28, 2023 (the
 December 2022 Promissory Note and an Unsecured Subordinated Convertible Promissory Note issued to Walleye Opportunities
Master Fund Ltd Walleye on February 6, 2023 for the principal amount of 1,000,000, bearing no interest, due May 7, 2023,
which principal amount will increase to 1,250,000 if not repaid by such date (the February 2023 Promissory Note ), and
(iv) for general working capital and other corporate purposes. As of March 24, 2023, management anticipates, but cannot guarantee, that
the offering will close in the second quarter of 2023. 

Our
Corporate History and Structure 

We
are a Nevada corporation originally incorporated on March 20, 2007. From 2007 to early 2018, we operated under a number of different
names with different management teams and in different industries. We changed our name to Marizyme, Inc. on March 21, 2018, to reflect
our new life science focus, and at that time we also changed our common stock ticker symbol to MRZM. 

In
September 2018, we acquired the Krillase platform from ACB Holding AB; in July 2020, we acquired from Somahlution LLC and its related
companies, which we refer to together as Somahlution, all of the assets of Somahlution (the Somahlution Assets ), including
DuraGraft; and in December 2021, we acquired My Health Logic from Health Logic Interactive Inc. HLII ). In connection with
our My Health Logic acquisition, David Barthel, former chief executive officer of HLII and My Health Logic, became our Chief Executive
Officer and a member of our board of directors; George Kovalyov, previously the chief operating officer and a director of HLII, became
our Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer; and Harrison Ross, previously the Chief Financial Officer of HLII, became our Vice President
of Finance. 

Our
Products 

DuraGraft 

Through
our acquisition of the Somahlution Assets in July 2020, we acquired key intellectual products based on a patent protected cytoprotective
platform technology designed to reduce ischemic injury to organs and tissues in grafting and transplantation surgeries. These assets
include DuraGraft, a single-use intraoperative vascular graft treatment, that is able to protect endothelial cells from ischemic damage
and reperfusion injury, and reduce complications associated with vein graft failure, or VGF, post-CABG procedures, thereby reducing major
adverse cardiac events such as repeat revascularization and myocardial infarction, reducing incidence and complications of graft failure,
and improving clinical outcomes. 

DuraGraft
is an endothelial damage inhibitor, or EDI, indicated for cardiac bypass, peripheral bypass, and other vascular surgeries. It carries
CE marking and is approved for marketing in 34 countries outside the United States on three continents, including all countries in the
European Union such as Spain, Austria, Ireland, and Germany, as well as countries outside the European Union such as Turkey, Switzerland,
Chile, and the Philippines. Somahlution had also been focused on developing products to mitigate the effects of ischemia reperfusion
injury in other grafting and transplantation surgeries and other indications in which ischemic injury can cause disease. Now, under our
ownership, multiple products derived from the cytoprotective platform technology for several indications are under various stages of
development. 

6 

The
chart below displays the problems DuraGraft has been designed to address and the solutions it can provide. 

Problems: 
 
 Endothelial
 damage; Vein Graft Disease; Vein Graft Failure 
 
 Intraoperative
 graft damage in is a principal cause of VGF. 
 
 The
 durability and patency of vein grafts are significantly compromised by vein graft disease, or VGD: 
 
 VGD
 process begins with endothelial damage that occurs during the grafting surgery itself. 
 
 VGD encompasses the pathophysiological changes that occur in vein grafts following their use in surgical grafting. 

Endothelial
 damage, manifested within minutes as pro-inflammatory and pro- thrombogenic changes within the graft, leads to VGD and VGF. 
 As
 VGD progresses, vein grafts lose their ability to adapt to the environment, leading to: 

thrombus formation, 
 
 intimal hyperplasia, or 
 
 atherosclerosis. 
 
 These
 may result in: 

graft stenosis, 
 
 occlusion, 
 
 loss of graft patency, or 
 
 Ischemic Reperfusion Injury (IRI), i.e., tissue damage caused when blood supply returns to tissue (re- + perfusion) after a period
 of ischemia or lack of oxygen. 
 
 VGD
 that progresses to VGF may result in myocardial infarction and the need for repeat revascularization. The success rate of revascularization
 or re-intervention of a failed graft is very poor. Therefore, addressing early VGD in the primary graft is crucial. 
 
 Solutions: 
 
 DuraGraft
 is designed to reduce graft failure 

DuraGraft is a single-use intraoperative vascular graft treatment that maintains endothelial cell function and structure, reducing
 the incidence and complications associated with graft failure, thereby improving clinical outcomes. 
 
 DuraGraft improves clinical outcomes by providing a pH balanced and buffered environment which protects against intraoperative ischemic
 reperfusion injury (IRI). 
 
 DuraGraft is: 

pH balanced, unlike Heparinized saline and autologous blood, which are not pH-balanced; 
 
 ionically balanced, which is critical in maintaining cell osmolarity and membrane integrity; and 
 
 formulated to support the viability and health of the graft post-grafting by including L-Arginine to support synthesis of nitric
 oxide during the ischemic period. 

DuraGraft also protects against the two main causes of IRI oxidative damage and metabolic stress by: 

having two stabilized potent antioxidants (glutathione and ascorbic acid) that neutralize the reactive oxygen species, which cause
 oxidative damage during ischemia; and 
 
 containing components (glucose and high energy phosphates) that support anaerobic metabolism during ischemia, thereby reducing the
 generation of metabolic stress lesions. 

DuraGraft is proven to reduce clinical complications (MI, Repeat Revascularization, and MACE) associated with VGF, with statistical
 significance. 
 
 DuraGraft is approved for marketing in 34 countries, not including the U.S., for maintaining free arterial and venous vascular grafts. 

According
to market analysis reports, the size of the coronary artery bypass graft (CABG) procedures market globally was approximately 16.7 billion
as of 2020 (Expert Markets Research, 2020). This market is forecast to increase at a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 2.5 between
2021 and 2026 (Expert Markets Research, 2020). Globally, it is estimated that approximately 800,000 CABG procedures are performed each
year (Grand View Research, March 2017), with procedures performed in the U.S. being a substantial percentage of the total global procedures
performed. In the U.S., it is estimated that approximately 340,000 CABG surgeries are performed each year. 

For
2023, our main business priority is receiving FDA approval of DuraGraft for CABG procedures through a De Novo classification request.
We also plan to finalize the development of a DuraGraft powder formulation for fat grafting procedures for plastic surgeries in the U.S.
It is reported that 22.4 million such surgeries take place annually in the U.S. (American Society of Plastic Surgeons, 2020). We expect
our De Novo application will present a robust propensity score-based matched comparison of subjects who have undergone isolated CABG
in Europe utilizing DuraGraft and whose data has been compiled in the DuraGraft Registry compared to a matched cohort drawn from the
STS Registry receiving standard of care treatment. Propensity scores will be estimated based on a set of 23 characteristics all demonstrated
to be independently associated with mortality up to one year after CABG surgery. We believe that this approach will (i) yield a valid
and robust comparison of outcomes derived from the use of DuraGraft, as recorded in the DuraGraft Registry, and standard of care as represented
by outcomes observed in the STS Registry, and (ii) lead to FDA approval for DuraGraft as an EDI. 

In
anticipation of the filing of the De Novo request for DuraGraft, we submitted a pre-submission document to the FDA in November 2021 that
describes the strategy for demonstrating the clinical safety and efficacy of DuraGraft. We submitted the De Novo request to the FDA in
January 2023. 

Following
the FDA approval of DuraGraft, which we anticipate but cannot guarantee, we intend to strive for rapid international revenue growth from
sales of DuraGraft using multiple strategic partners and revenue channels. In the U.S. marketplace, we will seek to commercialize and
develop additional applications including, but not limited to, fat grafting for plastic surgery. We intend to enter into a commercialization
arrangement with a strategic partner who will be responsible for the marketing and sales of DuraGraft. In Europe and elsewhere, we will
continue our DuraGraft marketing efforts relying on our DuraGraft CE marking and our distribution partners. The CE marking signifies
that DuraGraft may be sold in the EEA and that DuraGraft has been assessed as meeting safety, health, and environmental protection requirements.
We are currently working with local distributors of cardiovascular disease-related products, in accordance with local regulatory requirements,
to sell and increase the market share of DuraGraft in Spain, Austria, Switzerland, Germany, Chile, and Turkey, among others. In all of
our markets, we expect that we will market DuraGraft through multiple distribution partners with a focus on sales to cardiac surgeons
and cardiologists. If we are not able to find appropriate strategic and distribution partners or our partners are unable to achieve our
sales goals, we will have to build our own marketing and sales capabilities, which we expect would be time-consuming and costly. 

In
addition, we plan to finalize the development of a DuraGraft powder formulation for fat grafting procedures for plastic surgeries in
the U.S. It is reported that 22.4 million such surgeries take place annually in the U.S. (American Society of Plastic Surgeons, 2020). 

7 

Marketing
DuraGraft 

Our
DuraGraft commercialization plan using its CE marking and existing distribution partners in select European and Asian countries resumed
in the second quarter of 2022, with a targeted approach based on market access, existing known opinion leaders, or KOLs, clinical data
and revenue penetration. We will also begin, once we receive FDA approval, the process of developing the U.S. CABG market for DuraGraft
with select clinical studies, the development of KOLs, the promotion of existing publications, digital marketing, and multiple sales
channels. 

Following
the FDA approval of DuraGraft, which we anticipate but cannot guarantee, we intend to strive for rapid international revenue growth from
sales of DuraGraft using multiple strategic partners and revenue channels. In the U.S. marketplace, we will seek to commercialize and
develop additional applications including, but not limited to, fat grafting for plastic surgery. We intend to enter into a commercialization
arrangement with a strategic partner who will be responsible for the marketing and sales of DuraGraft. In Europe and elsewhere, we will
continue our DuraGraft marketing efforts relying on our DuraGraft CE marking and our distribution partners. The CE marking signifies
that DuraGraft may be sold in the EEA and that DuraGraft has been assessed as meeting safety, health, and environmental protection requirements.
We are currently working with local distributors of cardiovascular disease-related products, in accordance with local regulatory requirements,
to sell and increase the market share of DuraGraft in Spain, Austria, Switzerland, Germany, Chile, and Turkey, among others. In all of
our markets, we expect that we will market DuraGraft through multiple distribution partners with a focus on sales to cardiac surgeons
and cardiologists. If we are not able to find appropriate strategic and distribution partners or our partners are unable to achieve our
sales goals, we will have to build our own marketing and sales capabilities, which we expect would be time-consuming and costly. 

MATLOC
1 TM 

On
December 22, 2021, we acquired My Health Logic, its lab-on-chip technology platform and its patient-centric, digital point-of-care screening
device, MATLOC 1. 

The
excitement over microfluidics, also known as lab-on-a-chip technology, lies in its potential for producing revolutionary, timely, accessible,
and practical point-of-care devices; devices that are patient-centric (one-to-many, rather than doctor centric, one-to-one) and support
self-care and independence. Microfluidics is a technology for analyzing small volumes of fluids, with the potential to miniaturize complex
laboratory procedures onto a small microchip, hence the term lab-on-chip . 

Marizyme s
lab-on-chip technology is currently being developed for screening and diagnosis related to the three leading biomarkers for chronic kidney
disease, a disease estimated to affect 37 million Americans - or one out of every seven people (National Kidney Foundation, 2019). If
left untreated, many patients will advance to end stage renal disease (ESRD), often leading to kidney transplant, renal failure, or dialysis.
Since 90 of those with CKD do not know they have it, the risk of progression in the disease is high and this creates massive burdens
for CKD patients and healthcare systems (National Kidney Foundation, 2019). CKD and ESRD costs the U.S. public healthcare systems hundreds
of billions of dollars a year. In 2018 Medicare alone spent 130 billion on CKD and ESRD-related costs (National Kidney Foundation, 2019).
With the increase of diabetics and hypertension cases in the U.S., which make up roughly two-thirds of all CKD patients (National Kidney
Foundation, 2022), CKD related healthcare costs are expected to increase significantly. Compounding this development is the fact that
less than 50 of diabetic patients, the highest at-risk group, are annually screened or tested for CKD (Mayo Clinic Proceedings, 2021).
This creates an unmet need for point-of-care technologies that facilitate CKD screening and diagnosis, which further facilitates earlier
screening and diagnosis and detection to slow down or eliminate the CKD progression. By combining lab-on-chip technology with Marizyme s
MATLOC 1 device, it will be able to quantitatively read the two urine biomarkers, albumin and creatine, necessary for effective CKD screening
at point-of-care with results available instantly on a patient s smartphone. 

This illustration reflects management s current expectations and is subject to substantial risks and uncertainties. See Part
I. Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements . 

MATLOC
2, the Company s next-generation point-of-care device in development, is designed to provide a fully integrated, quantitative diagnostic
assessment of estimated glomerular filtration rate, or eGFR, using a blood-based biomarker. eGFR is a key measure of kidney function
health and/or stage of kidney disease and our MATLOC 2 device is designed to provide a fully integrated, complete diagnostic assessment
for CKD, potentially eliminating the need for lab visits and in-person assessment. 

The
COVID-19 pandemic has accelerated the ongoing transformation in healthcare. Connected consumer electronic devices are enabling 24/7 home-based
digital healthcare. We believe that consumers have the desire and are now becoming empowered to manage their own healthcare and that
they will seek to utilize our point-of-care MATLOC 1 device. 

With
our lab-on-chip technology and MATLOC 1 device in development, we are striving to achieve earlier detection and slowing of the progression
of CKD, allowing patients and healthcare systems to reduce the enormous costs of kidney failure, transplant, and/or dialysis. After completing
the technology for CKD assessment, we plan to explore the commercial potential of other biomarkers for chronic diseases to be measured
at point-of-care. 

MATLOC
1, upon FDA approval, which we anticipate but cannot guarantee, is expected to be marketed and sold through an experienced medical device
distribution partner network with a focus on nephrologists in hospitals, ambulatory surgery centers and private practices, to better
assess patients and slow the progression of CKD. 

8 

Krillase 

Through
an asset purchase agreement with ACB Holding AB in 2018, we acquired the Krillase technology, a protease therapeutic platform originally
researched and evaluated in the European Union that has the potential for use in the treatment of chronic wounds and burns, and other
clinical applications. 

Krillase,
derived from Antarctic krill, shrimp-like crustaceans, is a combination of endo- and exopeptidases that safely and efficiently breaks
down organic material. As a biochemical knife, Krillase can potentially break down organic matter, such as necrotic tissue,
thrombogenic material, and biofilms produced by microorganisms. As such, it may be useful in the mitigation or treatment of multiple
disease states in humans. For example, Krillase may promote faster healing, support the grafting of skin for the treatment of chronic
wounds and burns, and reduce bacterial biofilms associated with poor oral health in humans and animals. 

We
are currently focused on developing a Krillase-based product for the dissolving of plaque and biofilms on teeth for use in the pet health
dental market. 

Our
strategic plan for Krillase is, first, to leverage and maximize near-term revenue generating opportunities with Krillase products for
commercial or clinical applications with low regulatory risk, such as in the pet health market, and second, to develop products for applications
of the Krillase platform that address unmet medical needs or address medical market needs better than existing products in the marketplace,
in clinical applications with higher regulatory risk but significant commercial potential. 

MAR-FG-001 

We
recently reinitiated the development of MAR-FG-001, our fat grafting technology. The Company intends to develop MAR-FG-001 for use during
fat grafting procedures. 

Fat
grafting is a surgical process used in medical reconstructive and other plastic surgery procedures in which fat is transferred from one
area of the body to another (known as autologous fat grafting or simply fat grafting to correct a defect,
replace injured tissue, or to make cosmetic enhancements. 

Compared
to standard solutions, we believe that MAR-FG-001 could better protect adipose tissue from ischemic and oxidative injury and increase
adipocyte and stromal cell viability, which is key to improving retention of fat volume thereby improving patient outcomes following
fat grafting procedures. 

The
global market for autologous fat grafting was estimated to be 699.96 million in 2021 and was projected to grow at a CAGR of 8.62 until
2028 Global Autologous Fat Grafting Market Industry Trends and Forecast to 2028, Data Bridge Market Research December
2020). Growing preference for the use of non-invasive aesthetic techniques in skin rejuvenation, more rapid recovery with lesser allergic
risks and reduced downtime compared to other procedures are some of the factors contributing to increasing demand. The adoption rate
for autologous fat grafting procedures in the United States was 2.2 of all augmentation and reconstruction procedures as of 2018, suggesting
significant potential for growth of adoption of these procedures Autologous Fat Grafting Market Analysis By Product (Integrated
Fat Transfer Systems, Aspiration and Harvesting Systems, Liposuction Systems, Fat Processing Systems, De-epithelialization Devices),
By Application Region - Global Market Insights 2021 to 2031, Fact.MR, March 2022). With 22.4 million plastic surgeries performed
annually in the United States (American Society of Plastic Surgeons, 2020), there is potential for widespread implementation of innovative
fat grafting systems. 

MAR-FG-001
is currently in development and not yet available for sale in any markets. 

9 

Our
Competitive Strengths 

We
believe that the following competitive strengths will enable us to compete effectively: 

Superior,
 first-in-class vascular graft treatment . Management believes that the DuraGraft platform
 provides a significant and substantial competitive advantage over current methods. Having
 received CE marking in Europe, DuraGraft is certified for marketing in Europe as an EDI.
 DuraGraft is a product that can minimize vein graft disease and vein graft failure, leading
 to significantly improved outcomes for patients undergoing CABG surgeries. Our peer-reviewed
 and published data has demonstrated DuraGraft s superiority over standard of
 care vein or arterial graft wetting solutions such as saline, buffered solutions,
 and autologous patient blood in maintaining vascular endothelial cell structure and function.
 Unlike DuraGraft, these other wetting solutions do not protect against ischemic injury and
 reduce ischemic reperfusion injury. In addition, they are associated with certain solution
 tissue incompatibility issues. DuraGraft, with its indication in vascular surgeries, including,
 for example, in CABG and peripheral vascular surgeries, is the first product CE certified
 in Europe for marketing. Since receipt of its CE marking certification, we know of no other
 products that have undergone randomized clinical trials, regulatory review or carry CE marking
 for this indication. 

Early
 detection at point-of-care. Through our MATLOC platform, we plan to provide the ability
 to quantitatively screen and diagnose for CKD at point-of-care. We believe that the platform s
 lab-on-chip technology s low threshold of detection and sensitivity will enable earlier
 screening and diagnosis of CKD while the point-of-care capabilities of our MATLOC device(s)
 will allow for testing outside of a lab setting. CKD usually does not show symptoms until
 the later stages of the disease, meaning early detection is essential to the prevention of
 end stage renal disease that often includes treatments such as kidney transplant or dialysis.
 These treatments are debilitating to patients and expensive to healthcare systems and providers.
 Also, since most of those patients at risk for CKD are not screening annually, by providing
 a test at point-of-care, the MATLOC platform can bridge that testing gap. Further, by digitally
 transferring the quantitative results from the diagnostic device to a patient s smartphone,
 we create a system with immediate results able to be shared and tracked for effective management
 of the disease and empowerment of the patient. 

Superior
 dental cleaning method . Our Krillase platform could provide a significant and substantial
 competitive advantage by achieving superior pet dental cleaning through the reduction of
 plaque and tartar build up. 

Our
Growth Strategies 

We
will strive to grow our business by pursuing the following key growth strategies: 

Commercialize
 DuraGraft and related products . Continue (i) the distribution of DuraGraft, in Europe
 and other countries that accept the CE marking and (ii) the development, regulatory approval
 and commercialization of DuraGraft in the United States. We filed a pre-submission letter
 for DuraGraft with the FDA in November 2021 and we submitted the De Novo request for DuraGraft
 to the FDA on January 3, 2023. 

Commercialize
 MATLOC 1 and related products . Complete the integration of our Urine Albumin-to-Creatinine
 Ratio, or UACR, lab-on-chip technology with our point-of-care MATLOC 1 device for FDA approval
 and commercialization. MATLOC 1 is expected to be used as a screening device to test those
 at risk of CKD to slow the progression of the disease. Following our development of MATLOC
 1, we intend to develop MATLOC 2, which will incorporate eGFR lab-on-chip technology and
 allow for a full quantitative CKD diagnosis at point-of-care. 

Commercialize
 Krillase and related products . Begin to commercialize our Krillase platform through
 the development of (i) various Krillase-based products and (ii) potential strategic partnerships
 for these products. 

Develop
 MAR-FG-001 fat grafting technology and products . Continue with the development
 of MAR-FG-001 to validate its protective abilities and its improvements to the retention
 of fat volume. 

Acquire
 more life science assets . Expand our product portfolio through the identification
 and acquisition of additional life science assets. 

The
strategic plans described above will require capital. There can be no assurances that we will be able to raise the capital that we need
to execute our plans or that capital, whether through securities offerings, either private or public, or other sources, will be available
to us on acceptable terms, if at all. An inability to raise sufficient funds could cause us to scale back our development and growth
plans or discontinue them altogether. 

10 

Impact
of COVID-19 Pandemic 

The
Company has been impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic and related supply chain shortages and other economic conditions, and some of its
earlier plans to further diversify its operations and expand its operating subsidiaries were delayed as a result. During 2021 and the
first two quarters of 2022, the impact of COVID-19 on the Company s supply chain and its ability to produce DuraGraft inventory
was a primary reason that we did not generate substantial revenue from sales of DuraGraft during 2021 and 2022. There can be no assurance
that future supply chain and other problems due to COVID-19 outbreaks will not adversely impact our revenues. 

In
addition, the Company is dependent upon certain contract manufacturers and suppliers and their ability to reliably and efficiently fulfill
its orders is critical to the Company s business success. The COVID-19 pandemic has impacted and may continue to impact certain
of the Company s manufacturers and suppliers. As a result, the Company has faced and may continue to face delays or difficulty
sourcing certain products, which could negatively affect the Company s business and financial results. 

While
it is not possible at this time to estimate the impact that COVID-19 could have on our business in the future, the continued spread of
COVID-19 and variants of the virus, the rate of vaccinations regionally and globally and the measures taken by the government authorities,
and any future epidemic disease outbreaks, could: Disrupt the supply chain and the manufacture or shipment of products and supplies for
use by us in our research activities and by strategic partners for their distribution and sales activities; delay, limit or prevent us
in our research activities and strategic partners in their distribution and sales activities; impede our negotiations with strategic
partners; impede testing, monitoring, data collection and analysis and other related activities by us; interrupt or delay the operations
of the FDA or other regulatory authorities, which may impact review and approval timelines for initiation of clinical trials or marketing;
or impede the launch or commercialization of any approved products; any of which could delay our strategic partnership plans, increase
our operating costs, and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

For
a further discussion of the potential impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business, please see Item 1A. Risk Factors 
Risks Related to Our Business The COVID-19 pandemic has adversely impacted the Company s supply chain and could materially
and adversely affect our ability to conduct clinical trials and engage with our third-party vendors and thereby have a material adverse
effect on our financial results. 

Corporate
Information 

Our
principal executive office is located at 555 Heritage Drive, Suite 205, Jupiter, Florida 33458 and our telephone number is (561) 935-9955.
We maintain a website at www.marizyme.com. Information available on this website is not incorporated by reference in and is not deemed
a part of this report. Our filings with the SEC are available for inspection through the SEC s website at http://www.sec.gov. 

Competition 

Competition
in the medical device and life science industries is intense. Our competitors include pharmaceutical companies and biotechnology companies,
as well as universities and public and private research institutions. In addition, companies that are active in different but related
fields represent substantial competition for us. Many of our competitors have significantly greater capital resources, larger research
and development staffs and facilities and greater experience in medical device development, regulation, manufacturing and marketing than
we do. These organizations also compete with us to recruit qualified personnel, attract partners for joint ventures or other collaborations,
and license technologies that are competitive with ours. To compete successfully in this industry, we must identify novel and unique
medical devices or methods of treatment and then complete the development of those medical devices as treatments. 

11 

The
medical devices that we are attempting to develop will have to compete with existing therapies. In addition, a large number of companies
are pursuing the development of medical devices that target the same conditions that we are targeting, and other companies have existing
products or medical devices in various stages of pre-clinical or clinical development. 

Intellectual
Property 

Patents,
Trademarks, Franchises, Concessions, Royalty Agreements, or Labor Contracts 

We
own, through the acquisitions of MATLOC, Krillase, DuraGraft, and other assets, various patents, trademarks and other intangibles. 

Patent
Portfolio 

Upon
our acquisition of the Somahlution Assets, we acquired all of the Somahlution intellectual property relating to the Somahlution products,
including patents rights and trademarks relating to DuraGraft. In addition, prior to the closing of the acquisition of the Somahlution
Assets, in certain countries, we paid the costs relating to the filing and registration of patent applications and we were granted ownership
rights to DuraGraft patents issued in those countries. 

As
a result of the My Health Logic acquisition, we received the exclusive patent rights to all of My Health Logic s intellectual property,
including patents rights and trademarks relating to the MATLOC platform and products. 

Upon
the acquisition of the Krillase platform assets from ACB Holding AB, a Swedish corporation, we acquired patents and patent applications
relating to the Krillase technology. 

As
of March 24, 2023, we own the following patents: 

Product
 Type 
 
 Country/
 Jurisdiction 
 
 Official
 No. 
 
 Status 
 
 Title 
 
 DuraGraft 
 
 Argentina 
 
 AR098508
 B1 
 
 Registered 
 
 SOLUTIONS
 FOR INCREASING THE STABILITY AND SHELF LIFE OF AN ORGAN AND TISSUE PRESERVATION SOLUTION 
 
 DuraGraft 
 
 Australia 
 
 2014353199 
 
 Registered 
 
 SOLUTIONS
 FOR INCREASING THE STABILITY AND SHELF LIFE OF AN ORGAN TISSUE PRESERVATION SOLUTION 
 
 DuraGraft 
 
 Austria 
 
 2938186 
 
 Registered 
 
 ORGAN
 AND TISSUE PRESERVATION FORMULATIONS WITH INCREASED STABILITY AND SHELF LIFE 
 
 DuraGraft 
 
 Austria 
 
 2938187 
 
 Registered 
 
 SOLUTION
 FOR PRESERVING VASCULAR CONDUITS 
 
 DuraGraft 
 
 Austria 
 
 3027016 
 
 Registered 
 
 SOLUTIONS
 FOR INCREASING THE STABILITY AND SHELF LIFE OF AN ORGAN TISSUE PRESERVATION SOLUTION 
 
 DuraGraft 
 
 Belgium 
 
 2938186 
 
 Registered 
 
 ORGAN
 AND TISSUE PRESERVATION FORMULATIONS WITH INCREASED STABILITY AND SHELF LIFE 
 
 DuraGraft 
 
 Belgium 
 
 2938187 
 
 Registered 
 
 SOLUTION
 FOR PRESERVING VASCULAR CONDUITS 

12 

DuraGraft 
 
 Belgium 
 
 3027016 
 
 Registered 
 
 SOLUTIONS
 FOR INCREASING THE STABILITY AND SHELF LIFE OF AN ORGAN TISSUE PRESERVATION SOLUTION 
 
 DuraGraft 
 
 Brazil 
 
 BR112016006512-3 
 
 Registered 
 
 SOLUTIONS
 FOR INCREASING THE STABILITY AND SHELF LIFE OF AN ORGAN AND TISSUE PRESERVATION SOLUTION 
 
 DuraGraft 
 
 Canada 
 
 2923441 
 
 Pending 
 
 SOLUTIONS
 FOR INCREASING THE STABILITY AND SHELF LIFE OF AN ORGAN TISSUE PRESERVATION SOLUTION 
 
 DuraGraft 
 
 China 
 
 201480024203.2 
 
 Pending 
 
 FORMULATIONS
 CONTAINING POLY (0-2-HYDROXYETHYL) STARCH FOR INCREASING THE OXYGEN-CONTENT, STABILITY AND SHELF LIFE OF AN ORGAN AND TISSUE PRESERVATION
 SOLUTION 
 
 DuraGraft 
 
 China 
 
 ZL201480061943.3 
 
 Registered 
 
 SOLUTIONS
 FOR INCREASING THE STABILITY AND SHELF LIFE OF AN ORGAN TISSUE PRESERVATION SOLUTION 
 
 DuraGraft 
 
 Czechia 
 
 3027016 
 
 Registered 
 
 SOLUTIONS
 FOR INCREASING THE STABILITY AND SHELF LIFE OF AN ORGAN TISSUE PRESERVATION SOLUTION 
 
 DuraGraft 
 
 Denmark 
 
 2938186 
 
 Registered 
 
 ORGAN
 AND TISSUE PRESERVATION FORMULATIONS WITH INCREASED STABILITY AND SHELF LIFE 
 
 DuraGraft 
 
 Denmark 
 
 2938187 
 
 Registered 
 
 SOLUTION
 FOR PRESERVING VASCULAR CONDUITS 
 
 DuraGraft 
 
 Denmark 
 
 3027016 
 
 Registered 
 
 SOLUTIONS
 FOR INCREASING THE STABILITY AND SHELF LIFE OF AN ORGAN TISSUE PRESERVATION SOLUTION 
 
 DuraGraft 
 
 EPO 
 
 2938186 
 
 EP
 Granted 
 
 ORGAN
 AND TISSUE PRESERVATION FORMULATIONS WITH INCREASED STABILITY AND SHELF LIFE 
 
 DuraGraft 
 
 EPO 
 
 2938187 
 
 Registered 
 
 SOLUTION
 FOR PRESERVING VASCULAR CONDUITS 
 
 DuraGraft 
 
 EPO 
 
 3027016 
 
 EP
 Granted 
 
 SOLUTIONS
 FOR INCREASING THE STABILITY AND SHELF LIFE OF AN ORGAN TISSUE PRESERVATION SOLUTION 
 
 DuraGraft 
 
 France 
 
 2938186 
 
 Registered 
 
 ORGAN
 AND TISSUE PRESERVATION FORMULATIONS WITH INCREASED STABILITY AND SHELF LIFE 
 
 DuraGraft 
 
 France 
 
 2938187 
 
 Registered 
 
 SOLUTION
 FOR PRESERVING VASCULAR CONDUITS 
 
 DuraGraft 
 
 France 
 
 3027016 
 
 Registered 
 
 SOLUTIONS
 FOR INCREASING THE STABILITY AND SHELF LIFE OF AN ORGAN TISSUE PRESERVATION SOLUTION 
 
 DuraGraft 
 
 Germany 
 
 2938186 
 
 Registered 
 
 ORGAN
 AND TISSUE PRESERVATION FORMULATIONS WITH INCREASED STABILITY AND SHELF LIFE 
 
 DuraGraft 
 
 Germany 
 
 2938187 
 
 Registered 
 
 SOLUTION
 FOR PRESERVING VASCULAR CONDUITS 
 
 DuraGraft 
 
 Germany 
 
 602014048320.8 
 
 Registered 
 
 SOLUTIONS
 FOR INCREASING THE STABILITY AND SHELF LIFE OF AN ORGAN TISSUE PRESERVATION SOLUTION 

13 

DuraGraft 
 
 India 
 
 5238/DELNP/2015 
 
 Pending 
 
 ORGAN
 AND TISSUE PRESERVATION FORMULATIONS WITH INCREASED STABILITY AND SHELF LIFE 
 
 DuraGraft 
 
 India 
 
 403699 
 
 Registered 
 
 SOLUTION
 FOR PRESERVING VASCULAR CONDUITS 
 
 DuraGraft 
 
 India 
 
 201617013141 
 
 Pending 
 
 SOLUTIONS
 FOR INCREASING THE STABILITY AND SHELF LIFE OF AN ORGAN TISSUE PRESERVATION SOLUTION 
 
 DuraGraft 
 
 Indonesia 
 
 P00201603372 
 
 Pending 
 
 SOLUTIONS
 FOR INCREASING THE STABILITY AND SHELF LIFE OF AN ORGAN TISSUE PRESERVATION SOLUTION 
 
 DuraGraft 
 
 Ireland 
 
 2938187 
 
 Registered 
 
 SOLUTION
 FOR PRESERVING VASCULAR CONDUITS 
 
 DuraGraft 
 
 Ireland 
 
 3027016 
 
 Registered 
 
 SOLUTIONS
 FOR INCREASING THE STABILITY AND SHELF LIFE OF AN ORGAN TISSUE PRESERVATION SOLUTION 
 
 DuraGraft 
 
 Israel 
 
 244834 
 
 Registered 
 
 SOLUTIONS
 FOR INCREASING THE STABILITY AND SHELF LIFE OF AN ORGAN TISSUE PRESERVATION SOLUTION 
 
 DuraGraft 
 
 Italy 
 
 2938186 
 
 Registered 
 
 ORGAN
 AND TISSUE PRESERVATION FORMULATIONS WITH INCREASED STABILITY AND SHELF LIFE 
 
 DuraGraft 
 
 Italy 
 
 2938187 
 
 Registered 
 
 SOLUTION
 FOR PRESERVING VASCULAR CONDUITS 
 
 DuraGraft 
 
 Italy 
 
 3027016 
 
 Registered 
 
 SOLUTIONS
 FOR INCREASING THE STABILITY AND SHELF LIFE OF AN ORGAN TISSUE PRESERVATION SOLUTION 
 
 DuraGraft 
 
 Japan 
 
 2016-525916 
 
 Pending 
 
 SOLUTIONS
 FOR INCREASING THE STABILITY AND SHELF LIFE OF AN ORGAN TISSUE PRESERVATION SOLUTION 
 
 DuraGraft 
 
 Jordan 
 
 334/2014 
 
 Pending 
 
 SOLUTIONS
 FOR INCREASING THE STABILITY AND SHELF LIFE OF AN ORGAN AND TISSUE PRESERVATION SOLUTION 
 
 DuraGraft 
 
 Kuwait 
 
 159PA/2014 
 
 Pending 
 
 SOLUTIONS
 FOR INCREASING THE STABILITY AND SHELF LIFE OF AN ORGAN TISSUE PRESERVATION SOLUTION 
 
 DuraGraft 
 
 Malaysia 
 
 MY-181282-A 
 
 Registered 
 
 SOLUTIONS
 FOR INCREASING THE STABILITY AND SHELF LIFE OF AN ORGAN TISSUE PRESERVATION SOLUTION 
 
 DuraGraft 
 
 Mexico 
 
 371723 
 
 Registered 
 
 ORGAN
 AND TISSUE PRESERVATION FORMULATIONS WITH INCREASED STABILITY AND SHELF LIFE 
 
 DuraGraft 
 
 Mexico 
 
 378411 
 
 Registered 
 
 SOLUTIONS
 FOR INCREASING THE STABILITY AND SHELF LIFE OF AN ORGAN TISSUE PRESERVATION SOLUTION 
 
 DuraGraft 
 
 Netherlands 
 
 2938186 
 
 Registered 
 
 ORGAN
 AND TISSUE PRESERVATION FORMULATIONS WITH INCREASED STABILITY AND SHELF LIFE 
 
 DuraGraft 
 
 Netherlands 
 
 2938187 
 
 Registered 
 
 SOLUTION
 FOR PRESERVING VASCULAR CONDUITS 

14 

DuraGraft 
 
 Netherlands 
 
 3027016 
 
 Registered 
 
 SOLUTIONS
 FOR INCREASING THE STABILITY AND SHELF LIFE OF AN ORGAN TISSUE PRESERVATION SOLUTION 
 
 DuraGraft 
 
 New
 Zealand 
 
 718991 
 
 Pending 
 
 SOLUTIONS
 FOR INCREASING THE STABILITY AND SHELF LIFE OF AN ORGAN TISSUE PRESERVATION SOLUTION 
 
 DuraGraft 
 
 Norway 
 
 2938186 
 
 Registered 
 
 ORGAN
 AND TISSUE PRESERVATION FORMULATIONS WITH INCREASED STABILITY AND SHELF LIFE 
 
 DuraGraft 
 
 Norway 
 
 2938187 
 
 Registered 
 
 SOLUTION
 FOR PRESERVING VASCULAR CONDUITS 
 
 DuraGraft 
 
 Norway 
 
 3027016 
 
 Registered 
 
 SOLUTIONS
 FOR INCREASING THE STABILITY AND SHELF LIFE OF AN ORGAN TISSUE PRESERVATION SOLUTION 
 
 DuraGraft 
 
 Philippines 
 
 1-2016-500909 
 
 Registered 
 
 SOLUTIONS
 FOR INCREASING THE STABILITY AND SHELF LIFE OF AN ORGAN TISSUE PRESERVATION SOLUTION 
 
 DuraGraft 
 
 Republic
 of Korea 
 
 2428676 
 
 Registered 
 
 SOLUTIONS
 FOR INCREASING THE STABILITY AND SHELF LIFE OF AN ORGAN TISSUE PRESERVATION SOLUTION 
 
 DuraGraft 
 
 Republic
 of Korea 
 
 2022-7026130 
 
 Pending 
 
 SOLUTIONS
 FOR INCREASING THE STABILITY AND SHELF LIFE OF AN ORGAN TISSUE PRESERVATION SOLUTION 
 
 DuraGraft 
 
 Singapore 
 
 10201709595W 
 
 Pending 
 
 SOLUTIONS
 FOR INCREASING THE STABILITY AND SHELF LIFE OF AN ORGAN AND TISSUE PRESERVATION SOLUTION 
 
 DuraGraft 
 
 Singapore 
 
 10202204548W

Pending 
 
 SOLUTIONS
 FOR INCREASING THE STABILITY AND SHELF LIFE OF AN ORGAN AND TISSUE PRESERVATION SOLUTION 
 
 DuraGraft 
 
 Singapore 
 
 11201604002V 
 
 Registered 
 
 SOLUTIONS
 FOR INCREASING THE STABILITY AND SHELF LIFE OF AN ORGAN TISSUE PRESERVATION SOLUTION 
 
 DuraGraft 
 
 South
 Africa 
 
 2015/04103 
 
 Registered 
 
 ORGAN
 AND TISSUE PRESERVATION FORMULATIONS WITH INCREASED STABILITY AND SHELF LIFE 
 
 DuraGraft 
 
 South
 Africa 
 
 2015/04284 
 
 Registered 
 
 SOLUTION
 FOR PRESERVING VASCULAR CONDUITS 
 
 DuraGraft 
 
 South
 Africa 
 
 2016/02253 
 
 Pending 
 
 SOLUTIONS
 FOR INCREASING THE STABILITY AND SHELF LIFE OF AN ORGAN TISSUE PRESERVATION SOLUTION 
 
 DuraGraft 
 
 Spain 
 
 ES2724238 
 
 Registered 
 
 ORGAN
 AND TISSUE PRESERVATION FORMULATIONS WITH INCREASED STABILITY AND SHELF LIFE 
 
 DuraGraft 
 
 Spain 
 
 2938187 
 
 Registered 
 
 SOLUTION
 FOR PRESERVING VASCULAR CONDUITS 
 
 DuraGraft 
 
 Spain 
 
 3027016 
 
 Registered 
 
 SOLUTIONS
 FOR INCREASING THE STABILITY AND SHELF LIFE OF AN ORGAN TISSUE PRESERVATION SOLUTION 
 
 DuraGraft 
 
 Sri
 Lanka 
 
 18739 
 
 Registered 
 
 SOLUTIONS
 FOR INCREASING THE STABILITY AND SHELF LIFE OF AN ORGAN TISSUE PRESERVATION SOLUTION 

15 

DuraGraft 
 
 Sweden 
 
 2938186 
 
 Registered 
 
 ORGAN
 AND TISSUE PRESERVATION FORMULATIONS WITH INCREASED STABILITY AND SHELF LIFE 
 
 DuraGraft 
 
 Sweden 
 
 2938187 
 
 Registered 
 
 SOLUTION
 FOR PRESERVING VASCULAR CONDUITS 
 
 DuraGraft 
 
 Sweden 
 
 3027016 
 
 Registered 
 
 SOLUTIONS
 FOR INCREASING THE STABILITY AND SHELF LIFE OF AN ORGAN TISSUE PRESERVATION SOLUTION 
 
 DuraGraft 
 
 Switzerland 
 
 2938186 
 
 Registered 
 
 ORGAN
 AND TISSUE PRESERVATION FORMULATIONS WITH INCREASED STABILITY AND SHELF LIFE 
 
 DuraGraft 
 
 Switzerland 
 
 2938187 
 
 Registered 
 
 SOLUTION
 FOR PRESERVING VASCULAR CONDUITS 
 
 DuraGraft 
 
 Switzerland 
 
 3027016 
 
 Registered 
 
 SOLUTIONS
 FOR INCREASING THE STABILITY AND SHELF LIFE OF AN ORGAN TISSUE PRESERVATION SOLUTION 
 
 DuraGraft 
 
 Taiwan 
 
 TW103115212 
 
 Pending 
 
 FORMULATIONS
 CONTAINING POLY (0-2-HYDROXYETHYL) STARCH FOR INCREASING THE OXYGEN-CONTENT, STABILITY AND SHELF LIFE OF AN ORGAN AND TISSUE PRESERVATION
 SOLUTION 
 
 DuraGraft 
 
 Taiwan 
 
 TW103114889 
 
 Pending 
 
 FORMULATIONS
 FOR INCREASING THE OXYGEN-CONTENT, STABILITY AND SHELF LIFE OF AN ORGAN AND TISSUE PRESERVATION SOLUTION 
 
 DuraGraft 
 
 Taiwan 
 
 I540961 
 
 Registered 
 
 SOLUTIONS
 FOR PRESERVING VASCULAR CONDUITS 
 
 DuraGraft 
 
 Taiwan 
 
 I524843 
 
 Registered 
 
 SOLUTIONS
 FOR PRESERVING VASCULAR CONDUITS 
 
 DuraGraft 
 
 Taiwan 
 
 103140510 
 
 Pending 
 
 SOLUTIONS
 FOR INCREASING THE STABILITY AND SHELF LIFE OF AN ORGAN AND TISSUE PRESERVATION SOLUTION 
 
 DuraGraft 
 
 Thailand 
 
 1601002666 
 
 Pending 
 
 SOLUTIONS
 FOR INCREASING THE STABILITY AND SHELF LIFE OF AN ORGAN TISSUE PRESERVATION SOLUTION 
 
 DuraGraft 
 
 Turkey 
 
 2938187 
 
 Registered 
 
 SOLUTION
 FOR PRESERVING VASCULAR CONDUITS 
 
 DuraGraft 
 
 Turkey 
 
 3027016 
 
 Registered 
 
 SOLUTIONS
 FOR INCREASING THE STABILITY AND SHELF LIFE OF AN ORGAN TISSUE PRESERVATION SOLUTION 
 
 DuraGraft 
 
 United
 Kingdom 
 
 2938186 
 
 Registered 
 
 ORGAN
 AND TISSUE PRESERVATION FORMULATIONS WITH INCREASED STABILITY AND SHELF LIFE 
 
 DuraGraft 
 
 United
 Kingdom 
 
 2938187 
 
 Registered 
 
 SOLUTION
 FOR PRESERVING VASCULAR CONDUITS 
 
 DuraGraft 
 
 United
 Kingdom 
 
 3027016 
 
 Registered 
 
 SOLUTIONS
 FOR INCREASING THE STABILITY AND SHELF LIFE OF AN ORGAN TISSUE PRESERVATION SOLUTION 
 
 DuraGraft 
 
 United
 States 
 
 14/654168 
 
 Petition
 to Revive pending 
 
 ORGAN
 AND TISSUE PRESERVATION FORMULATIONS WITH INCREASED STABILITY AND SHELF LIFE 
 
 DuraGraft 
 
 United
 States 
 
 14/654170 
 
 Pending 
 
 SOLUTION
 FOR PRESERVING VASCULAR CONDUITS 
 
 DuraGraft 
 
 United
 States 
 
 63/285386 
 
 Pending 
 
 METHOD
 OF PROVIDING POSTOPERATIVE PROTECTION IN PATIENTS UNDERGOING CORONARY ARTERY BYPASS GRAFT SURGERY 
 
 DuraGraft 
 
 United
 States 
 
 17/684,495 
 
 Pending 
 
 SOLUTIONS
 FOR INCREASING THE STABILITY AND SHELF LIFE OF AN ORGAN TISSUE PRESERVATION SOLUTION 
 
 DuraGraft 
 
 United
 States 
 
 11,291,201 
 
 Registered 
 
 SOLUTIONS
 FOR INCREASING THE STABILITY AND SHELF LIFE OF AN ORGAN TISSUE PRESERVATION SOLUTION 
 
 DuraGraft 
 
 United
 States 
 
 63/331,777 
 
 Pending 
 
 POWDER
 FORMULATIONS AND USE THEREOF IN MEDICAL AND/OR SURGICAL PROCEDURES 
 
 DuraGraft 
 
 United
 States 
 
 63/333,122 
 
 Pending 
 
 FORMULATION
 FOR PRESERVATION OF VEINOUS AND ARTERIAL GRAFTS IN DIABETIC PATIENTS 
 
 DuraGraft 
 
 United
 States 
 
 63/333,123 
 
 Pending 
 
 FORMULATION
 FOR INHIBITION OF ENDOTHELIAL DAMAGE 
 
 DuraGraft 
 
 United
 States 
 
 63/333,505 
 
 Pending 
 
 FORMULATION
 FOR PRESERVING TISSUES OR ORGANS IN PATIENTS WITH AND WITHOUT LEFT MAIN DISEASE UNDERGOING ISOLATED CABG 
 
 DuraGraft 
 
 United
 States 
 
 63/333,510 
 
 Pending 
 
 FORMULATION
 FO RMYOCARDIAL PROTECTION DURING GRAFTING 
 
 DuraGraft 
 
 United
 States 
 
 63/333,514 
 
 Pending 
 
 FORMULATION
 FOR STORING VEIN GRAFTS 
 
 DuraGraft 
 
 United
 States 
 
 63/342,370 
 
 Pending 
 
 USE
 OF CYTOPROTECTANT FORMULATIONS IN CELL OR TISSUE TRANSPORT AND/OR STORAGE 
 
 DuraGraft 
 
 United
 States 
 
 63/401,486 
 
 Pending 
 
 ANTIOXIDANT-CONTAINING
 EYE DROP FORMULATIONS AND METHODS OF TREATMENT USING SAME 

16 

DuraGraft 
 
 Vietnam 
 
 1-2016-01625 
 
 Pending 
 
 SOLUTIONS
 FOR INCREASING THE STABILITY AND SHELF LIFE OF AN ORGAN TISSUE PRESERVATION SOLUTION 
 
 DuraGraft 
 
 Vietnam 
 
 1-2022-04720 
 
 Pending 
 
 SOLUTIONS
 FOR INCREASING THE STABILITY AND SHELF LIFE OF AN ORGAN TISSUE PRESERVATION SOLUTION 
 
 Krillase 
 
 Australia 
 
 2019292557 
 
 Pending 
 
 PHARMACEUTICAL
 COMPOSITIONS AND METHODS FOR THE TREATMENT OF THROMBOSIS AND DELIVERY BY MEDICAL DEVICES 
 
 Krillase 
 
 Brazil 
 
 BR1120210048090 
 
 Pending 
 
 PHARMACEUTICAL
 COMPOSITIONS AND METHODS FOR THE TREATMENT OF THROMBOSIS AND DELIVERY BY MEDICAL DEVICES 
 
 Krillase 
 
 Canada 
 
 3110779 
 
 Pending 
 
 PHARMACEUTICAL
 COMPOSITIONS AND METHODS FOR THE TREATMENT OF THROMBOSIS AND DELIVERY BY MEDICAL DEVICES 
 
 Krillase 
 
 China 
 
 201980057015.2 
 
 Pending 
 
 PHARMACEUTICAL
 COMPOSITIONS AND METHODS FOR THE TREATMENT OF THROMBOSIS AND DELIVERY BY MEDICAL DEVICES 
 
 Krillase 
 
 Costa
 Rica 
 
 2021-0059 
 
 Pending 
 
 PHARMACEUTICAL
 COMPOSITIONS AND METHODS FOR THE TREATMENT OF THROMBOSIS AND DELIVERY BY MEDICAL DEVICES 

17 

Krillase 
 
 EAPO 
 
 202190494 
 
 Pending 
 
 PHARMACEUTICAL
 COMPOSITIONS AND METHODS FOR THE TREATMENT OF THROMBOSIS AND DELIVERY BY MEDICAL DEVICES 
 
 Krillase 
 
 EPO 
 
 07865205.4 
 
 Pending 
 
 A
 CONTROLLED RELEASE ENZYMATIC COMPOSITION AND METHODS OF USE 
 
 Krillase 
 
 EPO 
 
 21217552.5 
 
 Pending 
 
 A
 CONTROLLED RELEASE ENZYMATIC COMPOSITION AND METHODS OF USE 
 
 Krillase 
 
 EPO 
 
 13712728.8 
 
 Pending 
 
 MIXTURE
 OF ENZYMES FROM ANTARCTIC KRILL FOR USE IN THE REMOVAL OF A BIOFILM 
 
 Krillase 
 
 EPO 
 
 19824845.2 
 
 Pending 
 
 PHARMACEUTICAL
 COMPOSITIONS AND METHODS FOR THE TREATMENT OF THROMBOSIS AND DELIVERY BY MEDICAL DEVICES 
 
 Krillase 
 
 Hong
 Kong 
 
 62021038660.8 
 
 Pending 
 
 PHARMACEUTICAL
 COMPOSITIONS AND METHODS FOR THE TREATMENT OF THROMBOSIS AND DELIVERY BY MEDICAL DEVICES 
 
 Krillase 
 
 Indonesia 
 
 P00202102501 
 
 Pending 
 
 PHARMACEUTICAL
 COMPOSITIONS AND METHODS FOR THE TREATMENT OF THROMBOSIS AND DELIVERY BY MEDICAL DEVICES 
 
 Krillase 
 
 Japan 
 
 2021-517700 
 
 Pending 
 
 PHARMACEUTICAL
 COMPOSITIONS AND METHODS FOR THE TREATMENT OF THROMBOSIS AND DELIVERY BY MEDICAL DEVICES 
 
 Krillase 
 
 South
 Africa 
 
 2021/00693 
 
 Pending 
 
 PHARMACEUTICAL
 COMPOSITIONS AND METHODS FOR THE TREATMENT OF THROMBOSIS AND DELIVERY BY MEDICAL DEVICES 
 
 Krillase 
 
 United
 States 
 
 16/457291 
 
 Pending 
 
 PHARMACEUTICAL
 COMPOSITIONS AND METHODS FOR THE TREATMENT OF THROMBOSIS AND DELIVERY BY MEDICAL DEVICES 
 
 Somaceutica

United
 States 
 
 17/261929 
 
 Pending 
 
 DERMATOLOGICAL
 COMPOSITIONS FOR PROVIDING NUTRIENTS TO SKIN AND METHODS THEREOF 

18 

As
of March 24, 2023, we are the licensee of the following patents : 

Product
 Type 
 
 Country/
 Jurisdiction 
 
 Official
 No. 
 
 Status 
 
 Title 
 
 Owner/Licensee 
 
 MATLOC 
 
 EPO 
 
 19867662.9 
 
 Pending 
 
 A
 PASSIVE MIXING MICROFLUIDIC URINARY ALBUMIN CHIP (UAL-CHIP) FOR CHRONIC KIDNEY DISEASE ASSESSMENT 
 
 Owned
 by University of Manitoba. Marizyme is an exclusive licensee. 
 
 MATLOC 
 
 Canada 
 
 3,108,813 
 
 Pending 
 
 A
 PASSIVE MIXING MICROFLUIDIC URINARY ALBUMIN CHIP (UAL-CHIP) FOR CHRONIC KIDNEY DISEASE ASSESSMENT 
 
 Owned
 by University of Manitoba. Marizyme is an exclusive licensee. 
 
 MATLOC 
 
 United
 States 
 
 17/266,217 
 
 Pending 
 
 A
 PASSIVE MIXING MICROFLUIDIC URINARY ALBUMIN CHIP (UAL-CHIP) FOR CHRONIC KIDNEY DISEASE ASSESSMENT 
 
 Owned
 by University of Manitoba. Marizyme is an exclusive licensee. 
 
 MATLOC 
 
 EPO 
 
 19852466.2 
 
 Pending 
 
 METHOD
 FOR DEVELOPMENT OF MICROFLUIDIC ASSAY DEVICE PROTOTYPE 
 
 Owned
 by University of Manitoba. Marizyme is exercising its option for exclusive license. 
 
 MATLOC 
 
 Canada 
 
 3108991 
 
 Pending 
 
 METHOD
 FOR DEVELOPMENT OF MICROFLUIDIC ASSAY DEVICE PROTOTYPE 
 
 Owned
 by University of Manitoba. Marizyme is exercising its option for exclusive license. 
 
 MATLOC 
 
 United
 States 
 
 17/266204 
 
 Pending 
 
 METHOD
 FOR DEVELOPMENT OF MICROFLUIDIC ASSAY DEVICE PROTOTYPE 
 
 Owned
 by University of Manitoba. Marizyme is exercising its option for exclusive license. 
 
 MATLOC 
 
 United
 States 
 
 63/333,054 
 
 Pending 
 
 MICROFLUIDIC
 URINE ALBUMIN/CREATININE CHIP (uARC-CHIP) FOR CHRONIC KIDNEY DISEASE EVALUATION 
 
 Owned
 by University of Manitoba. Marizyme is an exclusive licensee. 
 
 MATLOC 
 
 United
 States 
 
 63/322,958 
 
 Pending 
 
 PAPER-BASED
 MICROFLUIDIC CHIP FOR MEASUREMENT OF CYSTATIN C IN PLASMA AND SERUM (CYS-C PAPER CHIP) 
 
 Owned
 by University of Manitoba. Marizyme is an exclusive licensee. 

19 

Trademarks 

As
of March 24, 2023, we own the following trademarks: 

Application
 No. 
 
 Registration
 No. 
 
 Country/
 Jurisdiction 
 
 Case
 Status 
 
 Title 
 
 97/401623 

United
 States 
 
 Pending 
 
 CYTOPRO 
 
 3408723 
 
 2852586 
 
 Argentina 
 
 Registered 
 
 DURAGRAFT 
 
 186456 
 
 186456 
 
 Bangladesh 
 
 Registered 
 
 DURAGRAFT 
 
 5285-2015 
 
 164842C 
 
 Bolivia 
 
 Registered 
 
 DURAGRAFT 
 
 909398577 
 
 909398577 
 
 Brazil 
 
 Registered 
 
 DURAGRAFT 
 
 47145 
 
 47145 
 
 Brunei
 Darussalam 
 
 Registered 
 
 DURAGRAFT 
 
 1662655 
 
 TMA969008 
 
 Canada 
 
 Registered 
 
 DURAGRAFT 
 
 1156204 
 
 1185551 
 
 Chile 
 
 Registered 
 
 DURAGRAFT 
 
 2015-11331 
 
 265653 
 
 Costa
 Rica 
 
 Registered 
 
 DURAGRAFT 
 
 2015-32539 
 
 227843 
 
 Dominican
 Republic 
 
 Registered 
 
 DURAGRAFT 
 
 2015-21165 
 
 IEPI/2017/TI/2587 
 
 Ecuador 
 
 Registered 
 
 DURAGRAFT 
 
 2015004632 
 
 212663 
 
 Guatemala 
 
 Registered 
 
 DURAGRAFT 
 
 303632968 
 
 303632968 
 
 Hong
 Kong 
 
 Registered 
 
 DURAGRAFT 
 
 D002015022001 
 
 IDM000591043 
 
 Indonesia 
 
 Registered 
 
 DURAGRAFT 
 
 JO/T/1/120445 
 
 140912 
 
 Jordan 
 
 Registered 
 
 DURAGRAFT 
 
 169368 
 
 169368 
 
 Kuwait 
 
 Registered 
 
 DURAGRAFT 
 
 A0040426 
 
 1197989 
 
 Madrid
 Protocol (TM) 
 
 Registered 
 
 DURAGRAFT 
 
 2015058165 
 
 2015058165 
 
 Malaysia 
 
 Registered 
 
 DURAGRAFT 
 
 2015-001717 
 
 2015111637 
 
 Nicaragua 
 
 Registered 
 
 DURAGRAFT 
 
 389755 
 
 389755 
 
 Pakistan 
 
 Registered 
 
 DURAGRAFT 
 
 240938 
 
 240938 
 
 Panama 
 
 Registered 
 
 DURAGRAFT 
 
 1567034 
 
 428472 
 
 Paraguay 
 
 Registered 
 
 DURAGRAFT 
 
 619456 
 
 227503 
 
 Peru 
 
 Registered 
 
 DURAGRAFT 
 
 2015/13465 
 
 2015/13465 
 
 South
 Africa 
 
 Registered 
 
 DURAGRAFT 
 
 198823 
 
 198823 
 
 Sri
 Lanka 
 
 Registered 
 
 DURAGRAFT 
 
 AE246475 
 
 246475 
 
 United
 Arab Emirates 
 
 Registered 
 
 DURAGRAFT 
 
 469705 
 
 469705 
 
 Uruguay 
 
 Registered 
 
 DURAGRAFT 
 
 97/271792 

United
 States 
 
 Pending 
 
 DURAGRAFT 
 
 1197989 
 
 UK00801197989 
 
 United
 Kingdom 
 
 Registered 
 
 DURAGRAFT

1197989 
 
 1197989 
 
 African
 IPO 
 
 Registered 
 
 DURAGRAFT

1616525 
 
 Australia 
 
 Registered 
 
 DURAGRAFT

1197989 
 
 1197989 
 
 Belarus 
 
 Registered 
 
 DURAGRAFT

15099005 
 
 534078 
 
 Colombia 
 
 Registered 
 
 DURAGRAFT

CMA11197989 
 
 CMA11197989 
 
 Cuba 
 
 Registered 
 
 DURAGRAFT

1197989 
 
 1197989 
 
 Egypt 
 
 Registered 
 
 DURAGRAFT

1197989 
 
 European
 Union 
 
 Registered 
 
 DURAGRAFT

1197989 
 
 1197989 
 
 Finland 
 
 Pending 
 
 DURAGRAFT

V0095738 
 
 V0095738 
 
 Iceland 
 
 Registered 
 
 DURAGRAFT

2728894 
 
 India 
 
 Registered 
 
 DURAGRAFT

264333 
 
 264333

Israel 
 
 Registered 
 
 DURAGRAFT

2014-353219 
 
 1197989 
 
 Japan 
 
 Registered 
 
 DURAGRAFT

1197989 
 
 Kazakhstan 
 
 Registered 
 
 DURAGRAFT

1197989 
 
 1197989 
 
 Kenya 
 
 Registered 
 
 DURAGRAFT

1197989 
 
 1197989 
 
 Kyrgyzstan 
 
 Registered 
 
 DURAGRAFT

1197989 
 
 1197989 
 
 Liechtenstein 
 
 Registered 
 
 DURAGRAFT

1197989 
 
 1197989 
 
 Morocco 
 
 Registered 
 
 DURAGRAFT

995906 
 
 New
 Zealand 
 
 Registered 
 
 DURAGRAFT

1197989 
 
 Norway 
 
 Registered 
 
 DURAGRAFT

1197989 
 
 1197989 
 
 Oman 
 
 Registered 
 
 DURAGRAFT

1197989 
 
 1197989 
 
 Philippines 
 
 Registered 
 
 DURAGRAFT

1197989 
 
 1197989 
 
 Republic
 of Korea 
 
 Registered 
 
 DURAGRAFT

1197989 
 
 Russian
 Federation 
 
 Registered 
 
 DURAGRAFT

T1405531A 
 
 Singapore 
 
 Registered 
 
 DURAGRAFT

1197989 
 
 1197989 
 
 Switzerland 
 
 Registered 
 
 DURAGRAFT

1197989 
 
 1197989 
 
 Tunisia 
 
 Registered 
 
 DURAGRAFT

2014/35608 
 
 1197989 
 
 Turkey 
 
 Registered 
 
 DURAGRAFT

1197989 
 
 1197989 
 
 Ukraine 
 
 Registered 
 
 DURAGRAFT

1197989 
 
 1197989 
 
 Uzbekistan 
 
 Registered 
 
 DURAGRAFT

1197989 
 
 1197989 
 
 Vietnam 
 
 Registered 
 
 DURAGRAFT

1571411 
 
 1571411 
 
 Australia 
 
 Registered 
 
 GALA 
 
 840635028 
 
 840635028 
 
 Brazil 
 
 Registered 
 
 GALA 

20 

13200353 
 
 13200353 
 
 China 
 
 Registered 
 
 GALA 
 
 011866902 
 
 011866902 
 
 European
 Union 
 
 Registered 
 
 GALA 
 
 258906 
 
 258906 
 
 Israel 
 
 Registered 
 
 GALA 
 
 981751 
 
 981751 
 
 New
 Zealand 
 
 Registered 
 
 GALA 
 
 2013/101481 
 
 2013
 101481 
 
 Turkey 
 
 Registered 
 
 GALA 
 
 011866902 
 
 UK00911866902 
 
 United
 Kingdom 
 
 Registered 
 
 GALA 
 
 T1314119B 
 
 T1314119B 
 
 Singapore 
 
 Registered 
 
 GALA

2013-070195 
 
 5645334 
 
 Japan 
 
 Registered 
 
 GALA

690472 
 
 Madrid
 Protocol (TM) 
 
 Registered 
 
 KRILLASE 
 
 1994/09732 
 
 302346 
 
 Sweden 
 
 Registered 
 
 KRILLASE 

690472 
 
 Finland 
 
 Registered 
 
 KRILLASE 

690472 
 
 France 
 
 Registered 
 
 KRILLASE 

690472 
 
 Germany 
 
 Registered 
 
 KRILLASE 

690472 
 
 Norway 
 
 Registered 
 
 KRILLASE 

690472 
 
 Portugal 
 
 Registered 
 
 KRILLASE 

690472 
 
 Spain 
 
 Registered 
 
 KRILLASE 

WO0000000690472 
 
 United
 Kingdom 
 
 Registered 
 
 KRILLASE 
 
 97/332349 

United
 States 
 
 Pending 
 
 KRILLASE 
 
 97/332345 

United
 States 
 
 Pending 
 
 MARIZYME 
 
 90/460461 

United
 States 
 
 Allowed 
 
 MATLOC 
 
 166845 

Canada 
 
 Pending 
 
 MATLOC 
 
 166845 

European
 Union 
 
 Pending 
 
 MATLOC 
 
 166845 

United
 Kingdom 
 
 Pending 
 
 MATLOC 
 
 A0070668 
 
 1379788 
 
 Madrid
 Protocol (TM) 
 
 Registered 
 
 SOMACEUTICA 
 
 1863383 
 
 TMA1084929 
 
 Canada 
 
 Registered 
 
 SOMACEUTICA

1379788 
 
 European
 Union 
 
 Registered 
 
 SOMACEUTICA

3713217 
 
 1379788 
 
 India 
 
 Registered 
 
 SOMACEUTICA

2017-366542 
 
 1379788 
 
 Japan 
 
 Registered 
 
 SOMACEUTICA

1379788 
 
 Liechtenstein 
 
 Registered 
 
 SOMACEUTICA

1379788 
 
 Norway 
 
 Registered 
 
 SOMACEUTICA

1379788 
 
 UK00801379788 
 
 United
 Kingdom 
 
 Registered 
 
 SOMACEUTICA

47144 
 
 47144 
 
 Brunei
 Darussalam 
 
 Registered 
 
 SOMAHLUTION 
 
 304532067 
 
 304532067 
 
 Hong
 Kong 
 
 Registered 
 
 SOMAHLUTION 
 
 JO/T/1/142669 
 
 160029 
 
 Jordan 
 
 Registered 
 
 SOMAHLUTION 
 
 2018-4350 

Kuwait 
 
 Pending 
 
 SOMAHLUTION 
 
 A0043179 
 
 1218320 
 
 Madrid
 Protocol (TM) 
 
 Registered 
 
 SOMAHLUTION 
 
 2015067387 
 
 2015067387 
 
 Malaysia 
 
 Registered 
 
 SOMAHLUTION 
 
 86/248574 
 
 5027533 
 
 United
 States 
 
 Registered 
 
 SOMAHLUTION 
 
 1218320 
 
 UK00801218320 
 
 United
 Kingdom 
 
 Registered 
 
 SOMAHLUTION

1651327 
 
 Australia 
 
 Registered 
 
 SOMAHLUTION

86248574 
 
 1218320 
 
 China 
 
 Registered 
 
 SOMAHLUTION

1218320 
 
 Egypt 
 
 Registered 
 
 SOMAHLUTION

1218320 
 
 European
 Union 
 
 Registered 
 
 SOMAHLUTION

1218320 
 
 Iceland 
 
 Registered 
 
 SOMAHLUTION

2859336 
 
 1218320 
 
 India 
 
 Registered 
 
 SOMAHLUTION

1218320 
 
 Iran 
 
 Registered 
 
 SOMAHLUTION

268806 
 
 268806 
 
 Israel 
 
 Registered 
 
 SOMAHLUTION

1218320 
 
 Japan 
 
 Registered 
 
 SOMAHLUTION

1218320 
 
 Liechtenstein 
 
 Registered 
 
 SOMAHLUTION

1538097 
 
 1544539 
 
 Mexico 
 
 Registered 
 
 SOMAHLUTION

1006640 
 
 New
 Zealand 
 
 Registered 
 
 SOMAHLUTION

1218320 
 
 Norway 
 
 Registered 
 
 SOMAHLUTION

1218320 
 
 Russian
 Federation 
 
 Registered 
 
 SOMAHLUTION

T1416296G 
 
 Singapore 
 
 Registered 
 
 SOMAHLUTION

1218320 
 
 Switzerland 
 
 Registered 
 
 SOMAHLUTION

2014/84799 
 
 2014/84799 
 
 Turkey 
 
 Registered 
 
 SOMAHLUTION

21 

Other
Intellectual Property 

We
own the internet domain names www.marizyme.com and www.somahlution.com, which are our primary operating websites. We own additional websites
which are reserved for future operations. The information contained in our websites is not incorporated by reference in this report. 

We
generally control access to and use of our proprietary technology and other confidential information through the use of internal and
external controls, including contractual protections with employees, contractors, customers, and partners, and our software is protected
by U.S. and international copyright laws. In this regard, we have signed confidentiality agreements with all of our current and former
employees and consultants. Despite our efforts to protect our trade secrets and proprietary rights through intellectual property rights,
licenses, and confidentiality agreements, unauthorized parties may still copy or otherwise obtain and use our software and technology.
In addition, the laws of some foreign countries in which we sold products do not protect our proprietary rights as fully as do the laws
of the United States. There can be no assurance that our means of protecting our proprietary rights in the United States or abroad were
adequate or that competition will not independently develop similar technology. 

Manufacturing,
Distribution and Marketing 

We
do not own or operate, and currently have no plans to establish, any manufacturing or distribution facilities. We expect to rely on third
parties for the manufacture and distribution of our medical technology devices that we commercialize. 

After
receiving FDA marketing approval, we expect to rely on contracted commercial manufacturers and distributors with established track records
for quality and compliance. We expect to continue to develop products and devices that can be produced and distributed cost-effectively
by contract manufacturing facilities and distribution collaborators. 

We
expect that DuraGraft will be marketed to the international market by capitalizing its CE marking, through the use of distribution partners
focusing on cardiac surgeons and cardiologists. We expect DuraGraft s marketing and sales will focus on uses for the harvesting
and grafting interval of vascular surgery as a treatment to maintain structural and functional integrity of vascular conduits. Upon receiving
FDA approval, which we anticipate but cannot guarantee, we expect MATLOC 1 will be marketed and sold through an experienced medical device
distribution partner network with a focus on nephrologists in hospitals, ambulatory surgery centers and private practices to better assess
patients and slow the progression of the disease. We initially expect to commercialize and distribute Krillase primarily by initiating
partnerships with large and small retailers who make up the majority of the pet health treat industry. For all three technology platforms,
the Company will employ an active digital and social marketing campaign. In the United States, we intend to enter into a commercialization
arrangement with a strategic partner who will be responsible for the marketing and sales of DuraGraft in the U.S. If we are not able
to find an appropriate strategic partner, we will have to build our own marketing and sales capabilities at a significant cost to us. 

22 

Seasonality
and Cyclicality 

Our
operating results and operating cash flows have not been subject to significant seasonal variations. We do not expect this pattern
to change in the near term. 

Employees 

As
of March 24, 2023, the Company had 13 full-time employees and two full-time consultants. 

Environmental
Regulations 

We
do not believe that we are or will become subject to any environmental laws or regulations of the United States, Europe or Asia other
than laws or regulations applicable to U.S. publicly-traded companies in general. However, see Item 1A. Risk Factors 
Risks Related to Government Regulation Climate change and increased focus by governments, stockholders and customers on sustainability
issues, including those related to climate change, may have a material adverse effect on our business and operations. for
discussion of material related risks. While we believe that our products and business activities do not currently violate any laws, any
regulatory changes that impose additional restrictions or requirements on us or on our products or potential customers could adversely
affect us by increasing our operating costs or decreasing demand for our products, which could have a material adverse effect on our
results of operations. 

Reorganizations,
Purchase or Sale of Assets 

Other
than as described above, there have been no other material reclassifications, mergers, consolidations, purchases or sales of a significant
amount of assets not done in the ordinary course of business pertaining to the Company. 

Regulation 

The
FDA, European Union competent authorities and comparable regulatory authorities in state and local jurisdictions and in other countries
impose substantial and burdensome requirements upon companies involved in the clinical development, manufacture, marketing and distribution
of medical device products such as those the Company has developed and is developing. These agencies and federal, state and local entities
regulate, among other things, the research and development, testing, manufacture, quality control, safety, effectiveness, labelling,
storage, record keeping, approval, advertising and promotion, distribution, post-approval monitoring and reporting, sampling and export
and import of the Company s medical device medical devices. To comply with the regulatory requirements in each of the jurisdictions
in which the Company is marketing or seeking to market and subsequently sell its products, the Company is establishing processes and
resources to provide oversight of the development, approval processes and launch (including post market surveillance) of its products
and to position those products in order to gain market share. 

We
believe that we are and will continue to be in compliance in all material respects with applicable statutes and the regulations passed
in the United States. There are no current orders or directions relating to our company with respect to the foregoing laws and regulations. 

U.S.
Government Regulation 

In
the United States, the FDA approves and regulates medical devices under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, and its implementing
regulations. 

The
process of obtaining regulatory approvals and the subsequent compliance with applicable federal, state, local and foreign statutes and
regulations requires the expenditure of substantial time and financial resources. Failure to comply with the applicable U.S. requirements
at any time during the product development process, approval process or after approval, may subject an applicant to a variety of administrative
or judicial sanctions, such as the FDA s refusal to approve pending Market Authorizations, withdrawal of an approval, imposition
of a clinical hold, issuance of warning letters, product recalls, product seizures, total or partial suspension of production or distribution,
injunctions, fines, refusals of government contracts, restitution, disgorgement or civil or criminal penalties. 

The
process required by the FDA before a medical device may be marketed in the United States generally involves the following: 

completion
 of design control activities (including design verification activities such as pre-clinical
 laboratory tests, engineering tests, animal studies and formulation studies in compliance
 with the FDA s good laboratory practice, or good laboratory practices GLPs regulations and 21 CFR part 820 regulations; 
 
 Submission
 to the FDA of an investigational device exemption, or IDE, which must become approved before
 human clinical trials may begin; 
 
 approval
 by an institutional review board, or IRB, of the study protocol and informed consent forms
 for the clinical site before each trial may be initiated. Multiple sites may necessitate
 the involvement of multiple IRBs and submissions; 
 
 performance
 of adequate and well-controlled human clinical trials in accordance with good clinical practices
 GCPs ), requirements to establish the safety and efficacy of the proposed medical
 device product for each indication; 
 
 submission
 to the FDA of a Marketing Application (510(k), De Novo, Premarket Approval (PMA), etc.) which
 would include the study reports of the clinical trials, pre-clinical testing, design verification
 and validation activities, labeling, etc. as well as other required sections to be included
 in the Marketing Authorization; 
 
 satisfactory
 completion of an FDA advisory committee review, if applicable; 
 
 satisfactory
 completion of an FDA inspection of the manufacturing facility or facilities at which the
 product is produced to assess compliance with current good manufacturing practices cGMPs or PAI (Pre-approved Inspection) requirements and to assure that the facilities, methods
 and controls are adequate to preserve the medical device s identity, quality; and 
 
 FDA
 clearance of the medical device. 

23 

Pre-clinical
Studies and Clinical Trials for Medical Devices 

Pre-clinical
studies include laboratory evaluation of the medical device product s chemistry, engineering testing, stability, biocompatibility
(including toxicity) and shipping (container closure), as well as animal studies to assess potential safety and efficacy. An IDE sponsor
must submit the results of the pre-clinical tests, together with manufacturing information, testing, data and any available clinical
data or literature, among other things, to the FDA as part of an IDE. Some pre-clinical testing may continue even after the IDE is submitted.
An IDE automatically becomes effective 30 days after receipt by the FDA, unless before that time the FDA raises concerns or questions
related to one or more proposed clinical trials and places the clinical trial on a clinical hold. In such a case, the IDE sponsor and
the FDA must resolve any outstanding concerns before the clinical trial can begin. As a result, submission of an IDE may not result in
the FDA allowing clinical trials to commence. 

Clinical
trials involve the use of the investigational device to human subjects pursuant to a clinical protocol, under the supervision of qualified
investigators in accordance with GCPs requirements, which include the requirement that all research subjects provide their informed consent
in writing for their participation in any clinical trial. Clinical trials are conducted under protocols detailing, among other things,
the objectives or endpoints of the trial, the parameters to be used in monitoring safety, and the effectiveness criteria to be evaluated.
A protocol for each clinical trial and any subsequent protocol amendments must be submitted to the FDA under the IDE. In addition, an
IRB (central or at each institution participating in the clinical trial) must review and approve the plan for any clinical trial before
it commences at that institution. Information about certain clinical trials must be submitted within specific timeframes to the National
Institutes of Health NIH for public dissemination on their www.clinicaltrials.gov website. 

Progress
reports detailing the results of the clinical trials must be submitted at least annually to the FDA and more frequently if serious adverse
events occur. Furthermore, the FDA or the sponsor may suspend or terminate a clinical trial at any time on various grounds, including
a finding that the research subjects are being exposed to an unacceptable health risk. Similarly, an IRB can suspend or terminate approval
of a clinical trial at its institution if the clinical trial is not being conducted in accordance with the IRB s requirements or
if the medical device has been associated with unexpected serious harm to patients. 

FDA
Approval of Medical Devices 

The
results of the pre-clinical studies and engineering testing, together with detailed information relating to the product s composition,
manufacture, quality controls and proposed labeling, among other things, and assuming successful completion of clinical testing (if required)
are submitted to the FDA as part of a market approval application, requesting clearance to market the product for one or more indications.
In most cases, the submission of a market approval application is subject to a substantial application user fee. Under the Medical Device
User Fee Act MDUFA ), guidelines that are currently in effect are dependent on type of submission, and typically the FDA
has a goal that ranges between 100 300 days from the date of filing of a standard market approval application for
the substantive review. This total review typically takes longer from the date of submission because the FDA has approximately 15 days
to make a filing decision. Additionally, if during the filing decision or the substantive review the FDA determines a sponsor
must provide additional information (AI), the sponsor has 180 days to provide requested information and during such time, the FDA review
clock is halted. 

Before
clearing a market approval application, the FDA typically will inspect the facility or facilities where the product is manufactured.
The FDA will not clear an application unless it determines that the manufacturing processes and facilities are in compliance with cGMPs
requirements and adequate to assure consistent production of the product within required specifications. Additionally, before clearing
a market approval application, the FDA may inspect one or more clinical trial sites to assure compliance with GCPs requirements. 

After
evaluating the market approval application and all related information, including the advisory committee recommendation, if any, and
inspection reports regarding the manufacturing facilities and clinical trial sites, the FDA may issue clearance in a form consistent
with the type of application. A complete response letter must contain a statement of specific items that prevent the FDA from approving
the application and will also contain conditions that must be met in order to secure final approval of the market approval application
and may require additional clinical or pre-clinical testing in order for FDA to reconsider the application. Even with submission of this
additional information, the FDA ultimately may decide that the application does not satisfy the regulatory criteria for approval. If
and when those conditions have been met to the FDA s satisfaction, the FDA will typically issue an approval letter. An approval
letter authorizes clearance to commercially market the medical device product with specific instructions for use for specific indications. 

The
FDA De Novo Classification request provides a marketing pathway to classify novel medical devices for which no legally marketed predicate
device exists and general controls or general and special controls provide reasonable assurance of safety and effectiveness for the intended
use. The De Novo classification is a risk-based classification process and devices that are classified into Class I or Class II through
a De Novo classification request may be marketed and used as predicates for future premarket notification submissions. With the granting
by the FDA of a De Novo request, the new device is authorized to be marketed in the United States and a new classification regulation
for the device type is established. 

A
510(k) application is another premarket submission process made available by the FDA which may be used by itself or in combination with
a De Novo classification request to demonstrate that the device to be marketed is at least as safe and effective (substantially equivalent)
to a legally marketed device that is not otherwise subject to pre-market approval requirements. Submitters under a 510(k) application
must compare their device to one or more similar legally marketed devices (predicates) and make and support their substantial equivalency
claims. Until the submitter receives an order declaring a device substantially equivalent, the submitter may not proceed to market the
device. Once the device is determined to be substantially equivalent, it can then be marketed in the United States. 

24 

Even
if the FDA clears a product, it may limit the approved indications for use of the product, require that contraindications, warnings or
precautions be included in the product labeling, require that post-approval studies be conducted to further assess safety after approval,
require testing and surveillance programs to monitor the product after commercialization, or impose other conditions, including distribution
and use restrictions or other risk management mechanisms which can materially affect the potential market and profitability of the product.
The FDA may prevent or limit further marketing of a product based on the results of post-marketing studies or surveillance programs.
After approval, some types of changes to the approved product, such as adding new indications, manufacturing changes, and additional
labeling claims, are subject to further testing requirements and FDA review and approval. 

U.S.
Post-Approval Requirements for Medical Devices 

Medical
device products manufactured or distributed pursuant to FDA clearance are subject to pervasive and continuing regulation by the FDA,
including, among other things, requirements relating to recordkeeping, periodic reporting, product sampling and distribution, advertising
and promotion and reporting of adverse experiences with the product. After approval, most changes to the approved product, such as adding
new indications or other labeling claims are subject to prior FDA review and approval. There are also continuing, annual user fee requirements
for any marketed products and the establishments at which such products are manufactured, as well as new application fees for supplemental
applications with clinical data. 

The
FDA may impose a number of post-approval requirements as a condition of approval of a MA. For example, the FDA may require post-marketing
testing and surveillance to further assess and monitor the product s safety and effectiveness after commercialization. 

In
addition, medical device manufacturers and other entities involved in the design, manufacture and distribution of approved products are
required to register their establishments with the FDA and state agencies and are subject to periodic unannounced inspections by the
FDA and these state agencies for compliance with cGMPs requirements. Changes to the manufacturing process are strictly regulated and
often require prior FDA approval before being implemented. FDA regulations also require investigation and correction of any deviations
from cGMPs requirements and impose reporting and documentation requirements upon the sponsor and any third-party manufacturers that the
sponsor may decide to use. Accordingly, manufacturers must continue to expend time, money and effort in the area of production and quality
control to maintain cGMPs compliance. 

Once
approval is granted, the FDA may withdraw the approval if compliance with regulatory requirements and standards is not maintained or
if problems occur after the product reaches the market. Later discovery of previously unknown problems with a product, including adverse
events of unanticipated severity or frequency, or with manufacturing processes, or failure to comply with regulatory requirements, may
result in mandatory revisions to the approved labeling to add new safety information; imposition of post-market studies or clinical trials
to assess new safety risks; or imposition of distribution or other restrictions. Other potential consequences include, but are not limited
to: 

restrictions
 on the marketing or manufacturing of the product, complete withdrawal of the product from
 the market or product recalls; 
 
 fines,
 warning letters or holds on post-approval clinical trials; 
 
 refusal
 of the FDA to approve pending sponsor MAs or supplements to approved MAs, or suspension or
 revocation of product approvals; 
 
 product
 seizure or detention, or refusal to permit the import or export of products; or 
 
 injunctions
 or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties. 

The
FDA strictly regulates marketing, labeling, advertising and promotion of products that are placed on the market. Devices may be promoted
only for the approved indications and in accordance with the provisions of the approved label. The FDA and other agencies actively enforce
the laws and regulations prohibiting the promotion of off-label uses, and a company that is found to have improperly promoted off-label
uses may be subject to significant liability. In addition, products, if deemed adulterated, can lead to serious consequences as set forth
above as well as civil and criminal penalties. 

U.S.
Medical Regulatory Matters Relating to Medical Devices 

Manufacturing,
sales, promotion and other activities of medical devices following product approval, where applicable, or commercialization are also
subject to regulation by numerous regulatory authorities in the United States in addition to the FDA, which may include the Centers for
Medicare Medicaid Services, or CMS, other divisions of the Department of Health and Human Services, or HHS, the Department of Justice,
the Drug Enforcement Administration, the Consumer Product Safety Commission, the Federal Trade Commission, the Occupational Safety 
Health Administration, the Environmental Protection Agency, and state and local governments and governmental agencies. 

25 

Other
U.S. Healthcare Laws Governing Medical Devices 

In
addition to FDA restrictions on marketing of medical devices, other U.S. federal and state healthcare regulatory laws restrict business
practices in the medical industry, which include, but are not limited to, state and federal anti-kickback, false claims, data privacy
and security and physician payment and medical device pricing transparency laws. 

The
U.S. federal Anti-Kickback Statute prohibits, among other things, any person or entity from knowingly and willfully offering, paying,
soliciting, receiving or providing any remuneration, directly or indirectly, overtly or covertly, to induce or in return for purchasing,
leasing, ordering, or arranging for or recommending the purchase, lease, or order of any good, facility, item or service reimbursable,
in whole or in part, under Medicare, Medicaid or other federal healthcare programs. The term remuneration has been broadly
interpreted to include anything of value. The Anti-Kickback Statute has been interpreted to apply to arrangements between device manufacturers
on the one hand and prescribers, purchasers, formulary managers and beneficiaries on the other. Although there are a number of statutory
exceptions and regulatory safe harbors protecting some common activities from prosecution, the exceptions and safe harbors are drawn
narrowly. Practices that involve remuneration that may be alleged to be intended to induce prescribing, purchases, or recommendations
may be subject to scrutiny if they do not meet the requirements of a statutory or regulatory exception or safe harbor. Failure to meet
all of the requirements of a particular applicable statutory exception or regulatory safe harbor does not make the conduct per se illegal
under the U.S. federal Anti-Kickback Statute. Instead, the legality of the arrangement will be evaluated on a case-by-case basis based
on a cumulative review of all its facts and circumstances. Several courts have interpreted the statute s intent requirement to
mean that if anyone purpose of an arrangement involving remuneration is to induce referrals of federal healthcare covered business, the
statute has been violated. 

Additionally,
the intent standard under the U.S. federal Anti-Kickback Statute was amended by the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended
by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010, or collectively, the ACA, to a stricter standard such that a person or entity
does not need to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation. In addition,
the ACA codified case law that a claim including items or services resulting from a violation of the U.S. federal Anti-Kickback Statute
constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the federal civil False Claims Act. The majority of states also have anti-kickback
laws, which establish similar prohibitions and, in some cases, may apply to items or services reimbursed by any third-party payor, including
commercial insurers. 

The
federal false claims and civil monetary penalties laws, including the civil False Claims Act, prohibit any person or entity from, among
other things, knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, a false, fictitious or fraudulent claim for payment to, or approval by,
the federal government, knowingly making, using, or causing to be made or used a false record or statement material to a false or fraudulent
claim to the federal government, or from knowingly making a false statement to avoid, decrease or conceal an obligation to pay money
to the U.S. federal government. A claim includes any request or demand for money or property presented to the U.S. government.
Actions under the civil False Claims Act may be brought by the Attorney General or as a qui tam action by a private individual in the
name of the government. Violations of the civil False Claims Act can result in very significant monetary penalties and treble damages.
Several healthcare companies have been prosecuted under these laws for, among other things, allegedly providing free product to customers
with the expectation that the customers would bill federal programs for the product. Other companies have been prosecuted for causing
false claims to be submitted because of the companies marketing of products for unapproved, or off-label, uses. Companies also
have been prosecuted for allegedly violating the Anti-Kickback Statute and False Claims Act as a result of impermissible arrangements
between companies and healthcare practitioners or as a result of the provision of remuneration by the companies to the healthcare practitioners.
In addition, the civil monetary penalties statute imposes penalties against any person who is determined to have presented or caused
to be presented a claim to a federal health program that the person knows or should know is for an item or service that was not provided
as claimed or is false or fraudulent. Many states also have similar fraud and abuse statutes or regulations that apply to items and services
reimbursed under Medicaid and other state programs, or, in several states, apply regardless of the payor. 

Violations
of fraud and abuse laws, including federal and state anti-kickback and false claims laws, may be punishable by criminal and civil sanctions,
including fines and civil monetary penalties, the possibility of exclusion from federal healthcare programs (including Medicare and Medicaid),
disgorgement and corporate integrity agreements, which impose, among other things, rigorous operational and monitoring requirements on
companies. Similar sanctions and penalties, as well as imprisonment, also can be imposed upon executive officers and employees of such
companies. Given the significant size of actual and potential settlements, it is expected that the government authorities will continue
to devote substantial resources to investigating healthcare providers and manufacturers compliance with applicable fraud
and abuse laws. 

The
federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, or HIPAA, created additional federal criminal statutes that prohibit,
among other actions, knowingly and willfully executing, or attempting to execute, a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program,
including private third-party payors, knowingly and willfully embezzling or stealing from a healthcare benefit program, willfully obstructing
a criminal investigation of a healthcare offense and knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up a material fact or
making any materially false, fictitious or fraudulent statement in connection with the delivery of or payment for healthcare benefits,
items or services. Similar to the U.S. federal Anti-Kickback Statute, the ACA broadened the reach of certain criminal healthcare fraud
statutes created under HIPAA by amending the intent requirement such that a person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of
the statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation. 

26 

In
addition, there has been a recent trend of increased federal and state regulation of payments made to physicians and certain other healthcare
providers. The ACA imposed, among other things, new annual reporting requirements through the Physician Payments Sunshine Act for covered
manufacturers for certain payments and transfers of value provided to physicians and teaching hospitals, as well as ownership
and investment interests held by physicians and their immediate family members. Failure to submit timely, accurately and completely the
required information for all payments, transfers of value and ownership or investment interests may result in civil monetary penalties
of up to an aggregate of 150,000 per year and up to an aggregate of 1 million per year for knowing failures. Covered
manufacturers must submit reports by the 90th day of each subsequent calendar year. In addition, certain states require the implementation
of compliance programs and compliance with the pharmaceutical industry s voluntary compliance guidelines and the relevant compliance
guidance promulgated by the federal government, impose restrictions on marketing practices and/or tracking and reporting of gifts, compensation
and other remuneration or items of value provided to physicians and other healthcare professionals and entities. 

The
Company may also be subject to data privacy and security regulation by both the federal government and the states in which the Company
conducts its business. HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act, or HITECH, and their
respective implementing regulations, including the Final HIPAA Omnibus Rule, published on January 25, 2013, impose specified requirements
relating to the privacy, security and transmission of individually identifiable health information held by covered entities and their
business associates. Among other things, HITECH made HIPAA s security standards directly applicable to business associates, 
defined as independent contractors or agents of covered entities that create, receive, maintain or transmit protected health information
in connection with providing a service for or on behalf of a covered entity. HITECH also increased the civil and criminal penalties that
may be imposed against covered entities, business associates and possibly other persons, and gave state attorneys general new authority
to file civil actions for damages or injunctions in federal courts to enforce the federal HIPAA laws and seek attorney s fees and
costs associated with pursuing federal civil actions. In addition, state laws govern the privacy and security of health information in
certain circumstances, many of which differ from each other in significant ways and may not have the same requirements, thus complicating
compliance efforts. In the European Union EU ), similar privacy requirements have been implemented under EU Law General
Data Protection Regulation (GDPR 2016/679). These requirements include provisions related to the processing of personal data of individuals
within the EEA and also addresses the transfer of personal data outside the EU and EEA areas. 

Coverage
and Reimbursement 

Significant
uncertainty exists as to the coverage and reimbursement status of any products for which the Company obtains regulatory approval. In
the United States and markets in other countries, patients who are prescribed treatments for their conditions and providers performing
the prescribed services generally rely on third-party payors to reimburse all or part of the associated healthcare costs. Patients are
unlikely to use the Company s products unless coverage is provided and reimbursement is adequate to cover a significant portion
of the cost of the Company s products. Sales of any products for which the Company receives regulatory approval for commercial
sale will, therefore depend, in part, on the availability of coverage and adequate reimbursement from third-party payors. Third-party
payors include government authorities, managed care plans, private health insurers and other organizations. In the United States, the
process for determining whether a third-party payor will provide coverage for a product typically is separate from the process for setting
the price of such product or for establishing the reimbursement rate that the payor will pay for the product once coverage is approved.
Third-party payors may limit coverage to specific products on an approved list, which might not include all of the FDA-approved products
for a particular indication. A decision by a third-party payor not to cover the Company s medical devices could reduce physician
utilization of the Company s products once approved and have a material adverse effect on the Company s sales, results of
operations and financial condition. Moreover, a third-party payor s decision to provide coverage for a product does not imply that
an adequate reimbursement rate will be approved. Adequate third-party reimbursement may not be available to enable the Company to maintain
price levels sufficient to realize an appropriate return on the Company s investment in product development. Additionally, coverage
and reimbursement for products can differ significantly from payor to payor. One third-party payor s decision to cover a particular
product or service does not ensure that other payors will also provide coverage for the product or service or will provide coverage at
an adequate reimbursement rate. As a result, the coverage determination process will require the Company to provide scientific and clinical
support for the use of the Company s products to each payor separately and will be a time-consuming process. 

In
the EEA, governments influence the price of products through their pricing and reimbursement rules and control of national health care
systems that fund a large part of the cost of those products to consumers. Some jurisdictions operate positive and negative list systems
under which products may only be marketed once a reimbursement price has been agreed to by the government. To obtain reimbursement or
pricing approval, some of these countries may require the completion of clinical trials that compare the cost effectiveness of a particular
medical device to currently available therapies. Other member states allow companies to fix their own prices for medicines but monitor
and control company profits. The downward pressure on health care costs in general, particularly prescription products, has become very
intense. As a result, increasingly high barriers are being erected to the entry of new products. In addition, in some countries, cross
border imports from low-priced markets exert commercial pressure on pricing within a country. 

The
containment of healthcare costs has become a priority of federal, state and foreign governments, and the prices of products have been
a focus in this effort. Third-party payors are increasingly challenging the prices charged for medical products, examining the medical
necessity and reviewing the cost-effectiveness of medical products, in addition to questioning safety and efficacy. If these third-party
payors do not consider the Company s products to be cost-effective compared to other available therapies, they may not cover the
Company s products after regulatory approval or clearance, or if they do, the level of payment may not be sufficient to allow the
Company to sell its products at a profit. 

27 

Healthcare
Reform 

A
primary trend in the U.S. healthcare industry and elsewhere is cost containment. Government authorities and other third-party payors
have attempted to control costs by limiting coverage and the amount of reimbursement for particular medical products. For example, in
March 2010, the ACA was enacted, which, among other things, increased the minimum Medicaid rebates owed by most manufacturers; created
a new Patient Centered Outcomes Research Institute to oversee, identify priorities in, and conduct comparative clinical effectiveness
research, along with funding for such research; creation of the Independent Payment Advisory Board, once empaneled, will have authority
to recommend certain changes to the Medicare program that includes establishment of a Center for Medicare Innovation at the CMS to test
innovative payment and service delivery models to lower Medicare and Medicaid spending. Since its enactment, the U.S. federal government
has delayed or suspended the implementation of certain provisions of the ACA. 

The
Company expects that the ACA, as well as other healthcare reform measures that may be adopted in the future, may result in more rigorous
coverage criteria and lower reimbursement and additional downward pressure on the price that the Company receives for any approved product.
Any reduction in reimbursement from Medicare or other government-funded programs may result in a similar reduction in payments from private
payors. Moreover, recently there has been heightened governmental scrutiny over the manner in which manufacturers set prices for their
marketed products. The implementation of cost containment measures or other healthcare reforms may prevent the Company from being able
to generate revenue, attain profitability or commercialize the Company s drugs and medical devices. 

Additionally,
on August 2, 2011, the Budget Control Act of 2011 created measures for spending reductions by Congress. A Joint Select Committee on Deficit
Reduction, tasked with recommending a targeted deficit reduction of at least 1.2 trillion for the years 2013 through 2021, was unable
to reach required goals, thereby triggering the legislation s automatic reduction to several government programs. This included
aggregate reductions of Medicare payments to providers of 2 per fiscal year, which went into effect on April 1, 2013, and due to subsequent
legislative amendments to the statute, will stay in effect through 2025 unless additional action is taken by Congress. On January 2,
2013, the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012 was signed into law, which, among other things, further reduced Medicare payments to several
types of providers, including hospitals, imaging centers and cancer treatment centers, and increased the statute of limitations period
for the government to recover overpayments to providers from three to five years. More recently, there has been heightened governmental
scrutiny recently over the manner in which manufacturers set prices for their marketed products, which have resulted in several recent
Congressional inquiries and proposed bills designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to product pricing, review the relationship
between pricing and manufacturer patient programs, and reform government program reimbursement methodologies for products. 

Since
its enactment, there have been judicial, executive and Congressional challenges to certain aspects of the ACA. On June 17, 2021, the
U.S. Supreme Court dismissed the most recent judicial challenge to the ACA brought by several states without specifically ruling on the
constitutionality of the ACA. Prior to the Supreme Court s decision, President Biden issued an executive order to initiate a special
enrollment period from February 15, 2021 through August 15, 2021 for purposes of obtaining health insurance coverage through the ACA
marketplace. The executive order also instructed certain governmental agencies to review and reconsider their existing policies and rules
that limit access to healthcare, including among others, reexamining Medicaid demonstration projects and waiver programs that include
work requirements, and policies that create unnecessary barriers to obtaining access to health insurance coverage through Medicaid or
the ACA. It is unclear how other healthcare reform measures of the Biden administration or other efforts, if any, to challenge, repeal
or replace the ACA will impact our business. 

Other
legislative changes have been proposed and adopted since the ACA was enacted. For example, on March 11, 2021, President Biden signed
the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021 into law, which eliminates the statutory Medicaid drug rebate cap, currently set at 100 of a drug s
average manufacturer price, for single source and innovator multiple source drugs, beginning January 1, 2024. Further, in August 2011,
the Budget Control Act of 2011, among other things, included aggregate reductions of Medicare payments to providers of 2 per fiscal
year. These reductions went into effect in April 2013 and, due to subsequent legislative amendments to the statute, will remain in effect
through 2030, with the exception of a temporary suspension from May 1, 2020 through December 31, 2021, unless additional action is taken
by Congress. 

Further,
on May 30, 2018, the Right to Try Act was signed into law. The law, among other things, provides a federal framework for certain patients
to access certain investigational new drug products that have completed a Phase 1 clinical trial and that are undergoing investigation
for FDA approval. Under certain circumstances, eligible patients can seek treatment without enrolling in clinical trials and without
obtaining FDA permission under the FDA expanded access program. There is no obligation for a pharmaceutical manufacturer to make its
drug products available to eligible patients as a result of the Right to Try Act. 

28 

Moreover,
there has recently been heightened governmental scrutiny over the manner in which manufacturers set prices for their marketed products,
which has resulted in several Congressional inquiries, proposed and enacted legislation and executive orders designed to, among other
things, bring more transparency to product pricing, review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs, and reform
government program reimbursement methodologies for drug products. For example, at a federal level, President Biden signed an Executive
Order on July 9, 2021 affirming the administration s policy to (i) support legislative reforms that would lower the prices of prescription
drugs and biologics, including by allowing Medicare to negotiate drug prices, by imposing inflation caps, and, by supporting the development
and market entry of lower-cost generic drugs and biosimilars; and (ii) support the enactment of a public health insurance option. Among
other things, the Executive Order also directs the HHS to provide a report on actions to combat excessive pricing of prescription drugs,
enhance the domestic drug supply chain, reduce the price that the Federal government pays for drugs, and address price gouging in the
industry; and directs the FDA to work with states and Indian Tribes that propose to develop section 804 Importation Programs in accordance
with the Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement, and Modernization Act of 2003, and the FDA s implementing regulations. It is
also possible that additional governmental action is taken in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. Individual states in the United States
have also become increasingly active in implementing regulations designed to control pharmaceutical product pricing, including price
or patient reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access and marketing cost disclosure and transparency
measures, and, in some cases, designed to encourage importation from other countries and bulk purchasing. 

We
expect that additional state and federal healthcare reform measures will be adopted in the future, any of which could impact the amounts
that federal and state governments and other third-party payors will pay for healthcare products and services. 

U.S.
Data Privacy and Security Laws 

Numerous
state, federal and foreign laws, including consumer protection laws and regulations, govern the collection, dissemination, use, access
to, confidentiality, and security of personal information, including health-related information. In the United States, numerous federal
and state laws and regulations, including data breach notification laws, health information privacy and security laws, including HIPAA
and federal and state consumer protection laws and regulations (e.g., Section 5 of the Federal Trade Commission Act) that govern the
collection, use, disclosure, and protection of health-related and other personal information could apply to our operations or the operations
of our partners. In addition, certain state and non-U.S. laws, such as the California Consumer Privacy Act, the California Privacy Rights
Act, Australia s Privacy Act 1988, as amended, and the General Data Protection Regulation, or GDPR, govern the privacy and security
of personal information, including health-related information in certain circumstances, some of which are more stringent than HIPAA and
many of which differ from each other in significant ways and may not have the same effect, thus complicating compliance efforts. Effective
January 1, 2023, we also became subject to the California Privacy Rights Act, which expands upon the consumer data use restrictions,
penalties and enforcement provisions under the California Consumer Privacy Act, and Virginia s Consumer Data Protection Act, another
comprehensive data privacy law. Effective July 1, 2023, we will also become subject to the Colorado Privacy Act and Connecticut s
An Act Concerning Personal Data Privacy and Online Monitoring, which are also comprehensive consumer privacy laws. Effective December
31, 2023, we will also become subject to the Utah Consumer Privacy Act, regarding business handling of consumers personal data.
Failure to comply with these laws, where applicable, can result in the imposition of significant civil and/or criminal penalties and
private litigation. Privacy and security laws, regulations, and other obligations are constantly evolving, may conflict with each other
to make compliance efforts more challenging, and can result in investigations, proceedings, or actions that lead to significant penalties
and restrictions on data processing. 

Foreign
Government Regulation 

In
order to market the Company s products in the EEA (which is comprised of the 27 Member States of the European Union plus Norway,
Iceland and Liechtenstein) and many other foreign jurisdictions (e.g., in Europe, the United Kingdom and Switzerland), a sponsor must
obtain separate regulatory approvals. For example, in the EEA, medical device products can only be commercialized after obtaining a Marketing
Authorization, or MA. As of May 26, 2021, new Marketing Authorizations in the EU must meet the requirements of Regulation (EU) 2017/745.
The activities associated with MA approval are conducted by authorized Notified Bodies (NB) on behalf of the EU competent authorities.
Before granting the MA, the NB makes an assessment of the risk-benefit balance of the product on the basis of scientific criteria concerning
its quality, safety and efficacy. In order to make this determination, a sponsor must submit an application for approval. 

To
the extent that any of the Company s medical devices are to be approved and sold in a foreign country other than those countries
comprising the EEA or other countries that accept CE marking, the Company may be subject to similar laws and regulations, which may include,
for instance, applicable post-marketing requirements, including safety surveillance, anti-fraud and abuse laws and implementation of
corporate compliance programs and reporting of payments or other transfers of value to healthcare professionals. 

29 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

You
should carefully consider the following risk factors, together with the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K,
including our financial statements and the related notes and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations, before making a decision to purchase or sell shares of our common stock. We cannot assure you that
any of the events discussed in the risk factors below will not occur. These risks could have a material and adverse impact on our business,
results of operations, financial condition and growth prospects. If that were to happen, the trading price of our common stock could
decline. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial also may impair our business
operations or financial condition. In this section, we first provide a summary of the more significant risks and uncertainties we face
and then provide a full set of risk factors and discuss them in greater detail. 

Risks
Related to Our Business 

Misconduct
of employees, subcontractors, agents and business partners could cause us to lose existing contracts or customers and adversely affect
our ability to obtain new contracts and customers and could have a significant adverse impact on our business and reputation. 

On
January 28, 2022, the Company filed a Complaint in the Circuit Court of the Fifteenth Judicial Circuit in and for Palm Beach County,
Florida, case number 50-2022-CA-000859-XXX-MB, against Amy Chandler (the Chandler Complaint ). The Chandler Complaint sought
damages for breach of fiduciary duty, breach of contract, negligence, conversion, and civil theft. The Chandler Complaint alleged that,
prior to her resignation in September 2021, Ms. Chandler intentionally and recklessly took actions to cancel the CE certificate required
by European Union regulations in order for Marizyme and its subsidiary, Somahlution, Inc., to ship and distribute certain products to/within
the European Union. The Chandler Complaint also alleged that Ms. Chandler disregarded her fiduciary duty to Marizyme and responsibilities
as the top regulatory and compliance official of Marizyme. As a result, the Chandler Complaint alleged that Ms. Chandler s actions
caused significant disruption and damage to Marizyme s business, including, but not limited to, financial damages and damage to
Marizyme s reputation and business relationships. The Chandler Complaint further alleged that prior to her last day, Ms. Chandler
stole confidential, proprietary files governing Marizyme s quality management system, which related to internal business operations,
and that Marizyme incurred significant costs to recreate these files. The Chandler Complaint alleged damages in excess of thirty thousand
dollars 30,000), exclusive of interest, attorneys fees, and costs. 

 On
February 28, 2022, Ms. Chandler filed an Answer, Affirmative Defenses and Counterclaim with the Florida Circuit Court (the Answer ).
The Answer denied the claims in the Chandler Complaint and most of the factual allegations regarding Ms. Chandler s alleged actions.
The Answer also asserted a counterclaim against the Company for defamation per se. The Answer sought to recover monetary damages, attorneys 
fees, and court costs in connection with this litigation. The Answer also demanded a trial by jury on all triable issues. 

On
March 18, 2022, the Company filed a Motion to Dismiss Ms. Chandler s Counterclaim with the Florida Circuit Court (the Motion
to Dismiss ). The Motion to Dismiss stated that Ms. Chandler s Counterclaim for defamation per se should be dismissed with
prejudice. On July 13, 2022, the court ruled that the counterclaim of defamation was dismissed with prejudice. Ms. Chandler s deposition
was taken on September 21, 2022. On November 21, 2022, the Company filed a notice of voluntary dismissal without prejudice of its complaint
and the case was dismissed. 

Although
we obtained a CE certificate to market DuraGraft in the European Union under the Company s name in May 2021, prior to the cancellation
of the CE certificate to market DuraGraft in the European Union under the name of our subsidiary, we were not able to make the necessary
labeling changes which were required to reinitiate the marketing and distribution of DuraGraft products under the Company s name
until June 2022, due primarily to supply chain and production interruptions resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic. As a result
of having to restore our quality management system and relabel DuraGraft, we were compelled to hire, at significant cost, two full-time
quality consultants in November 2021. Fulfillment of orders of our DuraGraft product was delayed for more than nine months during the
relabeling process. We believe that at least some of our distributors may have lost trust in our ability to deliver DuraGraft as a result.
Although no orders have been cancelled, we suffered delayed and lost revenue until the relabeling process could be completed. Since June
2022, we have resumed shipments of correctly-labeled DuraGraft to our distributors, but may not have fully restored the trust of our
distributors and recaptured market momentum. 

Future
potential misconduct could include fraud, theft of trade secrets, corporate sabotage, or other improper activities such as falsifying
time or other records and violations of laws. Other examples could include the failure to comply with our policies and procedures or
with foreign, federal, state or local government procurement regulations, regulations regarding the use and safeguarding of classified
or other protected information, legislation regarding the pricing of labor and other costs in government contracts, laws and regulations
relating to environmental, health or safety matters, bribery of foreign government officials, import-export control, lobbying or similar
activities, and any other applicable laws or regulations. Any such misconduct could result in claims, remediation costs, regulatory sanctions
against us, loss of current and future customers or contracts and serious harm to our reputation. Although we have implemented policies,
procedures and controls to prevent and detect these activities, these precautions have not in the past and may not prevent all misconduct,
and as a result, we could face unknown risks or losses. Our failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations as a result of the
misconduct by any of our employees, subcontractors, agents or business partners could damage our reputation, force us to expend significant
resources to address and cure such misconduct, delay, disrupt or fatally undermine our business plans and operations, and subject us
to fines and penalties, restitution or other damages, loss of regulatory clearance, loss of current and future customer contracts, any
of which could irreparably and materially adversely affect our business, reputation and our future results. 

We
anticipate that we will incur continued losses for the foreseeable future. Moreover, our independent registered public accounting firm s
report, contained herein, includes an explanatory paragraph that expresses substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going
concern, indicating the possibility that we may not be able to operate in the future. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had an accumulated deficit of approximately 85.9 million and 47.8 million, respectively. We expect
to incur significant and increasing operating losses for the next several years as we expand our acquisition efforts, continue clinical
trials, acquire, or license technologies, advance other medical devices into clinical development, complete clinical trials, seek regulatory
approval and, if we receive FDA approval, commercialize our products. Primarily because of our losses incurred to date, our expected
continued future losses, and limited cash balances, our independent registered public accounting firm has included in its report an explanatory
paragraph expressing substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Our ability to continue as a going concern is
contingent upon, among other factors, the sale of the shares of common stock or obtaining alternate financing. We cannot provide any
assurance that we will be able to raise additional capital. 

If
we are unable to secure additional capital, we may be required to curtail our research and development initiatives and take additional
measures to reduce costs in order to conserve our cash in amounts sufficient to sustain operations and meet our obligations. These measures
could cause significant delays in our clinical and regulatory efforts, which are critical to the realization of our business plan. The
accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments that may be necessary should we be unable to continue as a going concern.
It is not possible for us to predict currently the potential success of our business. The revenue and income potential of our proposed
business and operations are currently unknown. If we cannot continue as a viable entity, you may lose some or all your investment in
our company. 

30 

We
have limited working capital. 

The
Company had negative working capital (current assets less current liabilities) of approximately 0.97 million as of December 31, 2022,
compared to working capital of 1.3 million as of December 31, 2021. Any significant declines in our revenues could result in decreases
in our working capital, which would reduce our cash balances. Our failure to generate sufficient revenues or profits or to obtain additional
financing or raise additional capital could have a material adverse effect on our operations and on our ability to meet our obligations
as they become due. The occurrence of any of the foregoing risks would have a material adverse effect on our financial results, business
and prospects. 

We
have a limited operational history. 

We
have a limited history upon which an evaluation of our prospects and future performance can be made. Our ongoing and proposed operations
are subject to all business risks associated with new enterprises. The likelihood of our success must take into consideration the problems,
expenses, difficulties, complications, and delays frequently encountered in connection with the expansion of a business operation in
an emerging industry, and the continued development of advertising, promotions, and a corresponding customer base. There is a possibility
that we could sustain losses in the future, and there are no assurances that we will ever operate profitably. 

We
will need to increase the size of our organization. 

We
are a small company with 13 full-time employees and two full-time consultants as of March 24, 2023. To execute our business plan, including
the future conducting of clinical trials and the expected commercialization of our medical devices, we will need to expand our employee
base for managerial, operational, financial, and other resources. Future growth will impose significant added responsibilities on members
of management, including the need to identify, recruit, maintain and integrate additional employees. Over the next 12 months, depending
on the progress of our acquisition efforts and future planned business development and capital raising efforts, we plan to add additional
employees to assist us with our development programs. Our future financial performance and our ability to commercialize our products
and devices and to compete effectively will depend, in part, on our ability to manage any future growth effectively. To that end, we
must be able to: 

manage
 development efforts effectively; 
 
 manage
 any future clinical trials effectively; 
 
 integrate
 additional management, administrative, manufacturing and sales and marketing personnel; 
 
 maintain
 sufficient administrative, accounting and management information systems and controls; and 
 
 hire
 and train additional qualified personnel. 

We
may not be able to accomplish these tasks, and our failure to accomplish any of them could harm our financial results and impact our
ability to achieve development milestones. 

If
we fail to retain current members of our senior management, or to identify, attract, integrate and retain additional key personnel, our
business will be harmed. 

In
order to develop our medical devices, we need to retain or attract certain personnel, consultants or advisors with experience in medical
device development activities that include a number of disciplines, including research and development, clinical trials, medical matters,
government regulation medical devices, manufacturing, formulation and chemistry, business development, accounting, finance, regulatory
affairs, human resources and information systems. We are highly dependent upon our senior management and consultants. The loss of services
of one or more of our members of senior management could delay or prevent the successful completion of our planned product development
or the commercialization of medical devices. 

Our
success depends in part on our continued ability to attract, retain and motivate highly qualified management, clinical and scientific
personnel and on our ability to develop and maintain important relationships with leading academic institutions, clinicians, and scientists.
The competition for qualified personnel in medical device field is intense. We will need to hire additional personnel as we expand our
product development and commercial activities. While, generally, we have not had difficulties recruiting qualified individuals, to date,
we may not be able to attract and retain quality personnel on acceptable terms given the competition for such personnel among medical
device and other life science companies. In connection with the acquisition of My Health Logic, we engaged a new Chief Executive Officer,
Chief Financial Officer and Vice President of Finance. If we are not able to retain these individuals in their current functions, we
may not be able to execute our business plan and maximize our growth strategy, to the detriment of our business. Additionally, the Company
does not carry key person life insurance. If we lose any key managers or employees or are unable to attract and retain qualified key
personnel, directors, advisors or consultants, the development of our medical devices could be delayed or terminated, and our business
may be harmed. 

31 

If
we do not generate sufficient cash flow from operations in the future, we may not be able to fund our product development efforts and
acquisitions or fulfill our future obligations. 

Our
ability to generate sufficient cash flow from operations to fund our operations and product development efforts, including the payment
of cash consideration in acquisitions and the payment of our other obligations, depends on a range of economic, competitive, and business
factors, many of which are outside of our control. We cannot assure you that our business will generate sufficient cash flow from operations,
or that we will be able to liquidate our investments, repatriate cash and investments held in our overseas subsidiaries, sell assets,
or raise equity or debt financings when needed or desirable. An inability to fund our operations or fulfill outstanding obligations could
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. For further information, please refer
to Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and
Capital Resources . 

We
will require substantial additional funding which may not be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. Failing to raise the necessary
additional capital could force us to delay, reduce, eliminate or abandon growth initiatives, development or commercialization of our
technologies and products. 

We
are currently preparing to make a public offering of equity securities intended to raise sufficient net proceeds for us to fund our operating
expenses and capital expenditure requirements through December 2023. Without giving effect to the anticipated net proceeds from the Company s
proposed public offering , our existing capital resources will not be sufficient to meet our projected operating requirements
beyond March 2023, and there will remain substantial doubt regarding our ability to continue as a going concern unless we receive substantial
financing. We have estimated that the expected net proceeds from the Company s proposed public offering may remove such doubt regarding
our ability to continue as a going concern. We have based this estimate on assumptions that may prove to be wrong, and we could utilize
our available capital resources sooner than we currently expect. 

We
expect to significantly increase our spending to advance the development of our medical devices and launch and commercialize any medical
devices for which we receive regulatory approval. This might include the possibility of building our own marketing and sales organizations
to address certain markets if we fail to identify and engage third-party organizations that can perform these services for us. We will
also require additional capital to fund our other operating expenses and capital expenditures. Our future capital requirements will depend
on many factors, including: 

the
 progress of our product development programs; 
 
 the
 number of technologies and products we pursue; 
 
 the
 time and costs involved in obtaining regulatory approvals; 
 
 the
 costs involved in filing and prosecuting patent applications and enforcing or defending patent
 claims; 
 
 our
 plans to establish sales, marketing and/or manufacturing capabilities; 
 
 the
 effect of competing technological and market developments; 
 
 the
 terms and timing of any collaborative, licensing, and other arrangements that we may establish; 
 
 general
 market conditions for offerings from life science companies; 
 
 our
 ability to establish, enforce and maintain selected strategic alliances and activities required
 for technology and product commercialization; and 
 
 our
 revenues, if any, from successful development and commercialization of our technologies and
 products. 

In
order to carry out our business plans and implement our strategy beyond 2023, we anticipate that we will need to obtain additional financing
from time to time and may choose to raise additional funds through strategic collaborations, licensing arrangements, additional public
or private equity or debt financing, bank lines of credit, asset sales, government grants, or other arrangements. We cannot be sure that
any additional funding, if needed, will be available on terms favorable to us or at all. Furthermore, any additional equity or equity-related
financing may be dilutive to our stockholders, and debt or equity financing, if available, may subject us to restrictive covenants and
significant interest costs. If we obtain funding through a strategic collaboration or licensing arrangement, we may be required to relinquish
our rights to certain of our medical device or marketing territories. Our inability to raise capital when needed would harm our business,
financial condition, and results of operations, and could cause the price of our common stock to decline or require that we wind down
our operations altogether. 

32 

Acquisitions
present many risks, and we may not realize the financial and strategic goals we anticipate at the time of an acquisition. 

Our
growth is dependent upon market growth, our ability to enhance existing products, and our ability to introduce new products and services
on a timely basis. In recent years, we have addressed and intend to continue to address the need to develop new products and services
and enhance existing products through acquisitions of other companies, product lines and/or technologies. However, acquisitions, including
those of high-technology companies, are inherently risky. We cannot provide any assurance that any of our acquisitions or future acquisitions
will be successful in helping us reach our financial and strategic goals. The risks we commonly encounter in undertaking, managing, and
integrating acquisitions are: 

an
 uncertain revenue and earnings stream from the acquired company, which could dilute our earnings; 
 
 difficulties
 and delays in integrating the personnel, operations, technologies, products, and systems
 of the acquired companies; 
 
 our
 ongoing business may be disrupted, and our management s attention may be diverted by
 acquisition, transition, or integration activities; 
 
 the
 need to implement controls, procedures, and policies appropriate for a larger public company
 at companies that prior to acquisition had lacked such controls, procedures, and policies; 
 
 difficulties
 managing or integrating an acquired company s technologies or lines of business; 
 
 potential
 difficulties in completing projects associated with purchased in-process research and development; 
 
 entry
 into markets in which we have no or limited direct prior experience and where competitors
 have stronger market positions, and which are highly competitive; 
 
 the
 potential loss of key employees of the acquired company; 
 
 potential
 difficulties integrating the acquired products and services into our sales channel; 
 
 assuming
 pre-existing contractual relationships of an acquired company that we would not have otherwise
 entered the termination or modification of which may be costly or disruptive to our business; 
 
 being
 subject to unfavorable revenue recognition or other accounting treatment because of an acquired
 company s practices; and 
 
 intellectual
 property claims or disputes. 

Our
failure to manage growth effectively and successfully integrate acquired assets and/or companies due to these or other factors could
have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, we may not have the opportunity
to make suitable acquisitions on favorable terms in the future, which could negatively impact the growth of our business. We expect that
other companies in our industry will compete with us to acquire compatible businesses. This competition could increase prices for businesses
and technologies that we would likely pursue, and our competitors may have greater resources than we do to complete these acquisitions. 

We
may not be able to monetize intangible assets, which may result in the need to record an impairment charge. 

As
part of the asset acquisition of ACB Holding AB, completed on September 12, 2018, Marizyme acquired all rights, titles, and interest
in the Krillase technology, a group of intangible assets worth 28,600,000. The useful lives of the intangible assets are based on the
life of the patent and related technology. The patents and related technology for Krillase have not been amortized since the acquisition,
as they have not yet been put into operation. At December 31, 2022, management determined that the carrying value of Krillase exceeded
its recoverable amount. Impairment of 24,350,000 was recognized on these intangible assets for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Our
consolidated balance sheet contains approximately 27.7 million of intangible assets and approximately 7.2 million in goodwill. The
risk of failure to monetize intangible assets and goodwill is significant, and there can be no certainty that these assets ultimately
will yield successful products. The nature of our business is high-risk and requires that we invest in a large number of projects in
an effort to achieve a successful portfolio of approved products. Our ability to realize value on these significant investments is often
contingent upon, among other things, regulatory approvals, availability of resources, and market acceptance. These intangible and goodwill
assets may become impaired and be written off at some time in the future, which can have a material adverse effect on the financial statements. 

The
medical device market is highly competitive, and we may not be able to effectively compete against other providers of medical devices,
particularly those with greater resources. 

We
expect to face intense competition from companies with dominant market positions in the medical device industry. These competitors have
significantly greater financial, technical, marketing and other resources than we have and may be better able to: 

respond
 to new technologies or technical standards; 
 
 react
 to changing customer requirements and expectations; 
 
 acquire
 other companies to gain new technologies or products that may displace our products; 
 
 manufacture,
 market and sell products; 
 
 acquire,
 prosecute, enforce and defend patents and other intellectual property; 
 
 devote
 resources to the development, production, promotion, support and sale of products; and 
 
 deliver
 a broad range of competitive products at lower prices. 

We
expect competition in the markets in which we participate to continue to increase as existing competitors improve or expand their product
offerings. 

Our
future performance may depend on the success of products we have not yet developed or acquired. 

Technology
is an important component of our business and growth strategy, and our success depends on the development, implementation and acceptance
of our products. Commitments to develop new products must be made well in advance of any resulting sales, and technologies and standards
may change during development, potentially rendering our products outdated or uncompetitive before their introduction. Our ability to
develop products to meet evolving industry requirements and at prices acceptable to our customers will be significant factors in determining
our competitiveness. We may expend considerable funds and other resources on the development of our products without any guarantee that
these products will be successful. If we are not successful in bringing one or more products to market, whether because we fail to address
marketplace demand, fail to develop viable technologies or otherwise, our revenues may decline and our results of operations could be
seriously harmed. 

33 

Our
products may never achieve market acceptance. 

Our
ability to generate revenues from product sales and to achieve profitability will depend upon our ability to successfully commercialize
our products. Because we have not yet begun to offer any of our products for sale in the U.S. and have limited sales of DuraGraft overseas,
we have no basis to predict whether any of our products will achieve market acceptance. A number of factors may limit the market acceptance
of any of our products, including: 

the
 timing of regulatory approvals of our products and market entry compared to competitive products; 
 
 the
 effectiveness of our products, including any potential side effects, as compared to alternative
 treatments; 
 
 the
 rate of adoption of our products by hospitals, doctors and nurses and acceptance by the health
 care community; 
 
 the
 competitive features of our products, including price, as compared to other similar products; 
 
 the
 availability of insurance or other third-party reimbursement, such as Medicare, for patients
 using our products; 
 
 the
 extent and success of our marketing efforts and those of our collaborators; and 
 
 unfavorable
 publicity concerning our products or similar products. 

We
may delay or terminate the development or acquisition of a product at any time if we believe the perceived market or commercial opportunity
does not justify further investment, which could materially harm our business. 

Even
though the results of preclinical studies and clinical trials that we have conducted or may conduct in the future may support further
development of one or more of our products, we may delay, suspend or terminate the future development or acquisition of a product at
any time for strategic, business, financial or other reasons, including the determination or belief that the emerging profile of the
product is such that it may not receive FDA approval, gain meaningful market acceptance, generate a significant return to stockholders,
or otherwise provide any competitive advantages in its intended indication or market. 

Any
products we may develop or acquire may become subject to unfavorable pricing regulations, third-party reimbursement practices or healthcare
reform initiatives, thereby harming our business. 

The
regulations that govern marketing approvals, pricing and reimbursement for new products vary widely from country to country. Some countries
require approval of the sale price of a product before it can be marketed. In many countries, the pricing review period begins after
marketing approval is granted. In some foreign markets, pricing remains subject to continuing governmental control even after initial
approval is granted. As a result, we might obtain regulatory approval for a product in a particular country, but then be subject to price
regulations that delay our commercial launch of the product and negatively impact the revenue we are able to generate from the sale of
the product in that country. Adverse pricing limitations may hinder our ability to recoup our investment in one or more other products
we may develop, even if other products we may develop or acquire obtain regulatory approval. Pressure from social activist groups and
future government regulations, whose goal it is to reduce the cost of medical devices, particularly in less developed nations, also may
result in downward pressure on the prices of our product. 

Our
ability to commercialize any products we may develop or acquire successfully also will depend in part on the extent to which reimbursement
for these products and related treatments becomes available from government health administration authorities, private health insurers
and other organizations. Government authorities and third-party payors, such as private health insurers and health maintenance organizations,
decide which treatments they will pay for and establish reimbursement levels. A primary trend in the U.S. healthcare industry and elsewhere
is cost containment. Government authorities and these third-party payors have attempted to control costs by limiting coverage and the
amount of reimbursement for particular treatments. We cannot be sure that reimbursement will be available for any product that we commercialize
and, if reimbursement is available, what the level of reimbursement will be. Reimbursement may impact the demand for, or the price of,
any product for which we obtain marketing approval. If reimbursement is not available or is available only to limited levels, we may
not be able to successfully commercialize any product that we successfully develop. 

Moreover,
eligibility for reimbursement does not imply that any product will be paid for in all cases or at a rate that covers our costs, including
research, development, acquisition, manufacture, sale and distribution. Payment rates may vary according to the use of the product and
the clinical setting in which it is used, may be based on payments allowed for lower cost products that are already reimbursed and may
be incorporated into existing payments for other services. Net prices for products may be reduced by mandatory discounts or rebates required
by government healthcare programs or private payors and by any future relaxation of laws that presently restrict imports of products
from countries where they may be said at lower prices than in the U.S. Third-party payors often rely upon Medicare coverage policy and
payment limitations in setting their own reimbursement policies. Our inability to promptly obtain coverage and profitable payment rates
from both government funded and private payors could have a material adverse effect on our operating results, our ability to raise capital
needed to commercialize products and our overall financial condition. To obtain reimbursement or pricing approval in some countries,
we may be required to conduct a clinical trial that compares the cost-effectiveness of our product to other available therapies. Our
business could be materially harmed if reimbursement of any products we may develop, if any, is unavailable or limited in scope or amount
or if pricing is set at unsatisfactory levels. 

34 

Product
liability lawsuits against us could cause us to incur substantial liabilities and to limit commercialization of any products that we
may develop or acquire. 

We
face an inherent risk of product liability exposure related to the sale of any products we may develop or acquire. The marketing, sale
and use of any products we may develop or acquire could lead to the filing of product liability claims against us if someone alleges
that our products failed to perform as designed. We may also be subject to liability for a misunderstanding of, or inappropriate reliance
upon, the information we provide. If we cannot successfully defend ourselves against claims that any product we may develop or acquire
caused injuries, we may incur substantial liabilities. Regardless of merit or eventual outcome, liability claims may result in: 

decreased
 demand for our products; 
 
 injury
 to our reputation and significant negative media attention; 
 
 withdrawal
 of patients from clinical studies or cancellation of studies; 
 
 significant
 costs to defend the related litigation and distraction to our management team; 
 
 substantial
 monetary awards to patients; 
 
 loss
 of revenue; and 
 
 the
 inability to commercialize any products that we may develop or acquire. 

In
addition, insurance coverage is increasingly expensive. We may not be able to maintain insurance coverage at a reasonable cost or in
an amount adequate to satisfy any liability that may arise. 

We
may not be able to protect or enforce our intellectual property rights, which could impair our competitive position. 

Our
success depends significantly on our ability to protect our rights to the patents, trademarks, trade secrets, copyrights and all the
other intellectual property rights used, or expected to be used, in our products. Protecting intellectual property rights is costly and
time consuming. We rely primarily on patent protection and trade secrets, as well as a combination of copyright and trademark laws and
nondisclosure and confidentiality agreements to protect our technology and intellectual property rights. However, these legal means afford
only limited protection and may not adequately protect our rights or permit us to gain or maintain any competitive advantage. Despite
our intellectual property rights practices, it may be possible for a third party to copy or otherwise obtain and use our technology without
authorization, develop similar technology independently or design around our patents. 

We
cannot be assured that any of our pending patent applications will result in the issuance of a patent to us. The U.S. Patent and Trademark
Office, or PTO, may deny or require significant narrowing of claims in our pending patent applications, and patents issued as a result
of the pending patent applications, if any, may not provide us with significant commercial protection or be issued in a form that is
advantageous to us. We could also incur substantial costs in proceedings before the PTO. Patents that may be issued to or licensed by
us in the future may expire or may be challenged, invalidated or circumvented, which could limit our ability to stop competitors from
marketing related technologies. Upon expiration of our issued or licensed patents, we may lose some of our rights to exclude others from
making, using, selling or importing products using the technology based on the expired patents. There is no assurance that competitors
will not be able to design around our patents. We also rely on unpatented proprietary technology. We cannot assure you that we can meaningfully
protect all our rights in our unpatented proprietary technology or that others will not independently develop substantially equivalent
proprietary products or processes or otherwise gain access to our unpatented proprietary technology. 

Further,
we may not be able to obtain patent protection or secure other intellectual property rights in all the countries in which we operate,
and under the laws of such countries, patents and other intellectual property rights may be unavailable or limited in scope. If any of
our patents fails to protect our technology, it would make it easier for our competitors to offer similar products. Our trade secrets
may be vulnerable to disclosure or misappropriation by employees, contractors and other persons. Any inability on our part to adequately
protect our intellectual property may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We
seek to protect our know-how and other unpatented proprietary technology with confidentiality agreements and/or intellectual property
assignment agreements with our team members, independent distributors and consultants. However, such agreements may not be enforceable
or may not provide meaningful protection for our proprietary information in the event of unauthorized use or disclosure or other breaches
of the agreements or in the event that our competitors discover or independently develop similar or identical designs or other proprietary
information. In addition, we intend to rely on the use of registered and common law trademarks with respect to the brand names of some
of our products. Common law trademarks provide less protection than registered trademarks. Loss of rights in our trademarks could adversely
affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

35 

Confidentiality
agreements with employees and others may not adequately prevent disclosure of trade secrets and other proprietary information and may
not adequately protect our intellectual property. 

We
rely on trade secrets to protect our technology, especially where we do not believe patent protection is obtainable, or prior to us filing
patent applications on inventions we may make from time to time. However, trade secrets are difficult to protect. In order to protect
our proprietary technology and processes, we also rely in part on confidentiality and intellectual property assignment agreements with
our corporate partners, employees, consultants, outside scientific collaborators and sponsored researchers and other advisors. These
agreements may not effectively prevent disclosure of confidential information nor result in the effective assignment to us of intellectual
property and may not provide an adequate remedy in the event of unauthorized disclosure of confidential information or other breaches
of the agreements. In addition, others may independently discover our trade secrets and proprietary information, and in such case, we
could not assert any trade secret rights against such party. Enforcing a claim that a third-party illegally obtained and is using our
trade secrets is difficult, expensive and time consuming, and the outcome is unpredictable. In addition, courts outside the U.S. may
be less willing to protect trade secrets. Costly and time-consuming litigation could be necessary to seek to enforce and determine the
scope of our proprietary rights, and failure to obtain or maintain trade secret protection could adversely affect our competitive business
position. 

We
may be subject to intellectual property infringement claims by third parties which could be costly to defend, divert management s
attention and resources, and may result in liability. 

The
medical device and life science industry is characterized by vigorous protection and pursuit of intellectual property rights. Companies
in the medical device and life science industry have used intellectual property litigation to gain a competitive advantage in the marketplace.
From time to time, third parties may assert against us their patent, copyright, trademark and other intellectual property rights relating
to technologies that are important to our business. Searching for existing intellectual property rights may not reveal important intellectual
property and our competitors may also have filed for patent protection, which is not publicly-available information, or claimed trademark
rights that have not been revealed through our availability searches. We may be subject to claims that our team members have disclosed,
or that we have used, trade secrets or other proprietary information of our team members former employers. Our efforts to identify
and avoid infringing on third parties intellectual property rights may not always be successful. Any claims that our products
or processes infringe these rights, regardless of their merit or resolution, could be costly, time consuming and may divert the efforts
and attention of our management and technical personnel. In addition, we may not prevail in such proceedings given the complex technical
issues and inherent uncertainties in intellectual property litigation. 

Any
claims of patent or other intellectual property infringement against us, even those without merit, could: 

increase
 the cost of our products; 
 
 be
 expensive and/or time consuming to defend; 
 
 result
 in our being required to pay significant damages to third parties; 
 
 force
 us to cease making or selling products that incorporate the challenged intellectual property; 
 
 require
 us to redesign, reengineer or rebrand our products and technologies; 
 
 require
 us to enter into royalty or licensing agreements in order to obtain the right to use a third
 party s intellectual property on terms that may not be favorable or acceptable to us; 
 
 require
 us to develop alternative non-infringing technology, which could require significant effort
 and expense; 
 
 require
 us to indemnify third parties pursuant to contracts in which we have agreed to provide indemnification
 for intellectual property infringement claims; 
 
 result
 in our customers or potential customers deferring or limiting their purchase or use of the
 affected products impacted by the claims until the claims are resolved; and 
 
 otherwise
 have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Any
of the foregoing could affect our ability to compete or have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results
of operations. 

Competitors
may violate our intellectual property rights, and we may bring litigation to protect and enforce our intellectual property rights, which
may result in substantial expense and may divert our attention from implementing our business strategy. 

We
believe that the success of our business will depend, in significant part, on obtaining patent protection for our products and technologies,
defending our patents and preserving our trade secrets. Our failure to pursue any potential claim could result in the loss of our proprietary
rights and harm our position in the marketplace. Therefore, we may be forced to pursue litigation to enforce our rights. Future litigation
could result in significant costs and divert the attention of our management and key personnel from our business operations and the implementation
of our business strategy. 

36 

We
will be dependent on third-party manufacturers since we will not initially directly manufacture our products. 

Initially,
we will not directly manufacture our products and will rely on third parties to do so for us. If our manufacturing and distribution agreements
are not satisfactory, we may not be able to develop or commercialize products as planned. In addition, we may not be able to contract
with third parties to manufacture our products in an economical manner. Furthermore, third-party manufacturers may not adequately perform
their obligations, may delay clinical development or submission of products for regulatory approval or otherwise may impair our competitive
position. We may not be able to enter into or maintain relationships with manufacturers who have the capacities to meet our manufacturing
needs, master the manufacturing processes required for our products, and comply with good manufacturing practices. If a product manufacturer
fails to comply with good manufacturing practices, we could experience significant time delays or we may be unable to commercialize or
continue to market the products. Changes in our manufacturers could require costly new product testing and facility compliance inspections.
In the United States, failure to comply with good manufacturing practices or other applicable legal requirements can lead to federal
seizure of violative products, injunctive actions brought by the federal government, and potential criminal and civil liability on the
part of a company and its officers and employees. Because of these and other factors, we may not be able to replace our manufacturing
capacity quickly or efficiently in the event that our manufacturers are unable to manufacture our products at one or more of their facilities. 

We
have no experience in large-scale product manufacturing, nor do we have the resources or facilities to manufacture our products. We cannot
guarantee that we or our third-party manufacturers will be able to increase capacity in a timely or cost-effective manner, or at all.
Delays in providing or increasing production or processing capacity could result in additional expense or delays in our clinical trials,
regulatory submissions and commercialization of our products. 

As
a result of these factors, the sale and marketing of our products could be delayed or we could be forced to develop our own manufacturing
capacity, which could require substantial additional funds and personnel and compliance with extensive regulations. 

We
may be dependent on the sales and marketing efforts of third parties, both domestically and internationally, if we choose not to develop
an extensive sales and marketing staff. 

Initially,
we will depend on the efforts of third parties (including sales agents and distributors) to carry out the sales and marketing of our
products, both domestically and internationally. We currently have distribution partners internationally for DuraGraft, which we expect
to continue to work with in the future. We anticipate that each third party will control the amount and timing of resources generally
devoted to these activities. However, these third parties may not be able to generate demand for our products. In addition, there is
a risk that these third parties will develop products competitive to ours, which would likely decrease their incentive to vigorously
promote and sell our products. If we are unable to enter into co-promotion agreements or to arrange for third-party distribution of our
products, we will be required to expend time and resources to develop an effective internal sales force. However, it may not be economical
for us to market our own products or we may be unable to effectively market our products. Therefore, our business could be harmed if
we fail to enter into arrangements with third parties for the sales and marketing of our products or otherwise fail to establish sufficient
marketing capabilities. 

Security
breaches and other disruptions could compromise our information and expose us to liability, which would cause our business and reputation
to suffer. 

In
the ordinary course of our business, we collect and store sensitive data, including intellectual property, our proprietary business information
and that of our suppliers and business partners, as well as personally identifiable information of clinical trial participants and employees .
 Similarly, our business partners and third-party providers possess certain of our sensitive data. The secure maintenance of this
information is critical to our operations and business strategy. Despite our security measures, our information technology and infrastructure
may be vulnerable to attacks by hackers or breached due to employee error, malfeasance, or other disruptions. Any such breach could compromise
our networks and the information stored there could be accessed, publicly disclosed, lost, or stolen. Any such access, disclosure, or
other loss of information, including our data being breached at our business partners or third-party providers, could result in legal
claims or proceedings, liability under laws that protect the privacy of personal information, disrupt our operations, and damage our
reputation which could adversely affect our business. 

Our
business continuity and disaster recovery plans may not adequately protect us from a serious disaster. 

Natural
disasters could severely disrupt our operations or the operations of manufacturing facilities and have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. If a natural disaster, power outage or other event occurred that
prevented us from using all or a significant portion of our headquarters, that damaged critical infrastructure, such as manufacturing
facilities, or that otherwise disrupted operations, it may be difficult or, in certain cases, impossible for us to continue our business
for a substantial period of time. The disaster recovery and business continuity plans that we have in place currently are limited and
may not prove adequate in the event of a serious disaster or similar event. We are in the early stages of constructing an additional
manufacturing facility and establishing a relationship with a third-party contract manufacturer as a back-up supplier for the commercial
supply of our products, if necessary, but there is no assurance that we will establish such a relationship in a timely manner, on acceptable
terms, or at all. We may incur substantial expenses as a result of the limited nature of our disaster recovery and business continuity
plans, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

37 

The
COVID-19 pandemic has adversely impacted the Company s supply chain and could materially and adversely affect our ability to conduct
clinical trials and engage with our third-party vendors and thereby have a material adverse effect on our financial results. 

The
Company has been impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic and related supply chain shortages, and some of its earlier plans to further diversify
its operations and expand its operating subsidiaries were delayed as a result. During 2021 and 2022, the impact of COVID-19 on the Company s
supply chain and its ability to produce DuraGraft inventory was a primary reason that we did not generate substantial revenue from sales
of DuraGraft during 2021 and the first two quarters of 2022. There can be no assurance that future supply chain problems due to COVID-19
outbreaks will not adversely impact our revenues. 

In
addition, the Company is dependent upon certain contract manufacturers and suppliers and their ability to reliably and efficiently fulfill
its orders is critical to the Company s business success. The COVID-19 pandemic has impacted and may continue to impact certain
of the Company s manufacturers and suppliers, which could result in unavoidable delays and/or increases in our operating costs.
If we are unable to obtain our devices in sufficient quantity and in a timely manner, the development and testing of our medical devices
may be delayed or become infeasible, and regulatory approval or commercial launch of any of our medical devices may be delayed or not
obtained. As a result, the Company has faced and may continue to face additional delays, costs or difficulty sourcing certain products,
which could negatively affect the Company s business and financial results. 

The
extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic may impact our device development and our dealings with vendors will depend on future developments,
which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted with confidence, such as the duration of the outbreak, the severity of COVID-19, the
impact of COVID-19 variants, and the effectiveness of actions to prevent transmission, contain the virus and treat those who have contracted
COVID-19. 

Our
business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected by the political and economic conditions of the countries
in which we conduct business. 

Our
business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected by the political and economic conditions of the countries
in which we conduct business. These factors include: 

challenges
 associated with cultural differences, languages and distance; 
 
 differences
 in clinical practices, needs, products, modalities and preferences; 
 
 longer
 payment cycles in some countries; 
 
 credit
 risks of many kinds; 
 
 legal
 and regulatory differences and restrictions; 
 
 currency
 exchange fluctuations; 
 
 foreign
 exchange controls that might prevent us from repatriating cash earned in certain countries; 
 
 political
 and economic instability and export restrictions; 
 
 variability
 in sterilization requirements for multi-usage surgical devices; 
 
 potential
 adverse tax consequences; 
 
 higher
 cost associated with doing business internationally; 
 
 challenges
 in implementing educational programs required by our approach to doing business; 
 
 negative
 economic developments in economies around the world and the instability of governments, including
 the threat of war, terrorist attacks, epidemic or civil unrest; 
 
 adverse
 changes in laws and governmental policies, especially those affecting trade and investment; 
 
 pandemics,
 such as COVID-19, the Ebola virus, the enterovirus and the avian flu, which may adversely
 affect our workforce as well as our local suppliers and customers; 
 
 import
 or export licensing requirements imposed by governments; 
 
 differing
 labor standards; 
 
 differing
 levels of protection of intellectual property; 
 
 the
 threat that our operations or property could be subject to nationalization and expropriation; 
 
 varying
 practices of the regulatory, tax, judicial and administrative bodies in the jurisdictions
 where we operate; and 
 
 potentially
 burdensome taxation and changes in foreign tax. 

38 

Adverse
developments affecting the financial services industry, such as actual events or concerns involving liquidity, defaults, or non-performance by
financial institutions or transactional counterparties, could adversely affect our current and projected business operations and our
financial condition and results of operations. 

Actual
events involving limited liquidity, defaults, non-performance or other adverse developments that affect financial institutions,
transactional counterparties or other companies in the financial services industry or the financial services industry generally, or concerns
or rumors about any events of these kinds or other similar risks, have in the past and may in the future lead to market-wide liquidity
problems. For example, on March 10, 2023, Silicon Valley Bank SVB ), was closed by the California Department of Financial
Protection and Innovation, which appointed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (the FDIC ), as receiver. Similarly,
on March 12, 2023, Signature Bank Corp. Signature ), and Silvergate Capital Corp. were each swept into receivership. Although
a statement by the Department of the Treasury, the Federal Reserve and the FDIC indicated that all depositors of SVB would
have access to all of their money after only one business day of closure, including funds held in uninsured deposit accounts, borrowers
under credit agreements, letters of credit and certain other financial instruments with SVB, Signature or any other financial institution
that is placed into receivership by the FDIC may be unable to access undrawn amounts thereunder. Although we are not a borrower
under or party to any material letter of credit or any other such instruments with SVB, Signature or any other financial institution
currently in receivership, if we enter into any such instruments and any of our lenders or counterparties to such instruments were to
be placed into receivership, we may be unable to access such funds. In addition, if any of our distribution partners, sponsors, suppliers
or other parties with whom we conduct business are unable to access funds pursuant to such instruments or lending arrangements with such
a financial institution, such parties ability to pay their obligations to us or to enter into new commercial arrangements requiring
additional payments to us could be adversely affected. In this regard, counterparties to credit agreements and arrangements with these
financial institutions, and third parties such as beneficiaries of letters of credit (among others), may experience direct impacts from
the closure of these financial institutions and uncertainty remains over liquidity concerns in the broader financial services industry.
Similar impacts have occurred in the past, such as during the 2008-2010 financial crisis. 

Inflation
and rapid increases in interest rates have led to a decline in the trading value of previously-issued government securities with interest
rates below current market interest rates. Although the U.S. Department of Treasury, FDIC and Federal Reserve Board have announced
a program to provide up to 25 billion of loans to financial institutions secured by certain of such government securities held by financial
institutions to mitigate the risk of potential losses on the sale of such instruments, widespread demands for customer withdrawals or
other liquidity needs of financial institutions for immediately liquidity may exceed the capacity of such program. 

Our
access to funding sources and other credit arrangements in amounts adequate to finance or capitalize our current and projected future
business operations could be significantly impaired by factors that affect us, any financial institutions with which we enter into credit
agreements or arrangements directly, or the financial services industry or economy in general. These factors could include, among others,
events such as liquidity constraints or failures, the ability to perform obligations under various types of financial, credit or liquidity
agreements or arrangements, disruptions or instability in the financial services industry or financial markets, or concerns or negative
expectations about the prospects for companies in the financial services industry. These factors could involve financial institutions
or financial services industry companies with which we have financial or business relationships, but could also include factors involving
financial markets or the financial services industry generally. 

The
results of events or concerns that involve one or more of these factors could include a variety of material and adverse impacts on our
current and projected business operations and our financial condition and results of operations. These risks include, but may not be
limited to, the following: 

delayed
 access to deposits or other financial assets or the uninsured loss of deposits or other financial
 assets; 
 
 inability
 to enter into credit facilities or other working capital resources; 
 
 potential
 or actual breach of contractual obligations that require us to maintain letters of credit
 or other credit support arrangements; or 
 
 termination
 of cash management arrangements and/or delays in accessing or actual loss of funds subject
 to cash management arrangements. 

In
addition, investor concerns regarding the U.S. or international financial systems could result in less favorable commercial financing
terms, including higher interest rates or costs and tighter financial and operating covenants, or systemic limitations on access to credit
and liquidity sources, thereby making it more difficult for us to acquire financing on acceptable terms or at all. Any decline in available
funding or access to our cash and liquidity resources could, among other risks, adversely impact our ability to meet our operating expenses
or other obligations, financial or otherwise, result in breaches of our financial and/or contractual obligations, or result in violations
of federal or state wage and hour laws. Any of these impacts, or any other impacts resulting from the factors described above or other
related or similar factors, could have material adverse impacts on our liquidity and our current and/or projected business operations
and financial condition and results of operations. 

In
addition, any further deterioration in the economy or financial services industry could lead to losses or defaults by our distribution
partners, sponsors, vendors, or suppliers, which in turn, could have a material adverse effect on our current and/or projected business
operations and results of operations and financial condition. For example, a distribution partner may fail to make payments when due,
default under their agreements with us, become insolvent or declare bankruptcy, or a supplier may determine that it will no longer deal
with us as a customer. In addition, a vendor or supplier could be adversely affected by any of the liquidity or other risks that are
described above as factors that could result in material adverse impacts on us, including but not limited to delayed access or loss of
access to uninsured deposits or loss of the ability to draw on existing credit facilities involving a troubled or failed financial institution.
The bankruptcy or insolvency of any distribution partners, sponsor, vendor or supplier, or the failure of any distribution partner to
make payments when due, or any breach or default by a distribution partner, sponsor, vendor, or supplier, or the loss of any significant
supplier relationships, could cause us to suffer material losses and may have a material adverse impact on our business. 

39 

Climate
change impacts including supply chain disruptions, operational impacts, and geopolitical events may impact our business operations. 

We
source a large number of raw materials from third-party suppliers globally. These products include both natural and synthetic materials
derived from plants, animal products, and organic and petroleum-based raw materials. Disruptions to the global supply chain due to climate-related
impacts or geopolitical events are possible and exist as external risk factors that the Company can respond to but not control. These
events could limit the supply of key raw materials to the Company, or could have significant impacts to pricing. We work with multiple
raw material suppliers to mitigate lack of availability from a single supplier, however in some cases products with limited numbers of
suppliers may become difficult to obtain. 

Some
of our vendors have manufacturing operations in areas vulnerable to coastal storms which may increase in magnitude and impact due to
climate change. Increasingly large and unprecedented weather events may pose a risk to business operations in vulnerable areas. Storms
could cause business interruptions, incur additional restoration costs, and impact product availability and pricing. 

Risks
Related to Government Regulation 

Any
products we may develop may not be approved for sale in the U.S. or in any other country. 

Neither
we nor any future collaboration partner can commercialize any products we may develop in the U.S. or in any foreign country without first
obtaining regulatory approval for the product from the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities. The approval route in the U.S.
for any products we may develop will be through a De Novo pathway. The approval process may take several years to complete, and approval
may never be obtained. Before obtaining regulatory approvals for the commercial sale of any product we may develop in the U.S., we must
demonstrate with substantial evidence, gathered in preclinical and well-controlled clinical studies, that the planned product is safe
and effective for use for that target indication. We may not conduct such a trial or may not successfully enroll or complete any such
trial. Any products we may develop may not achieve the required primary endpoint in the clinical trial and may not receive regulatory
approval. We must also demonstrate that the manufacturing facilities, processes and controls for any products we may develop are adequate.
Moreover, obtaining regulatory approval in one country for marketing of any products we may develop does not ensure we will be able to
obtain regulatory approval in other countries, while a failure or delay in obtaining regulatory approval in one country may have a negative
effect on the regulatory process in other countries. 

Even
if we or any future collaboration partner were to successfully obtain a regulatory approval for any product we may develop, any approval
might contain significant limitations related to use restrictions for specified age groups, warnings, precautions or contraindications,
or may be subject to burdensome post-approval study or risk management requirements. If we are unable to obtain regulatory approval for
any products we may develop in one or more jurisdictions, or any approval contains significant limitations, we may not be able to obtain
sufficient revenue to justify commercial launch. Also, any regulatory approval of a product, once obtained, may be withdrawn. If we are
unable to successfully obtain regulatory approval to sell any products we may develop in the U.S. or other countries, our business, financial
condition, results of operations and growth prospects could be adversely affected. 

Even
if we receive regulatory approval for any product we may develop or acquire, we will be subject to ongoing regulatory obligations and
continued regulatory review, which may result in significant additional expense and subject us to penalties if we fail to comply with
applicable regulatory requirements. 

Once
regulatory approval has been obtained, the approved product and its manufacturer are subject to continual review by the FDA or non-U.S.
regulatory authorities. Our regulatory approval for any products we may develop or acquire may be subject to limitations on the indicated
uses for which the product may be marketed. Future approvals may contain requirements for potentially costly post-marketing follow-up
studies to monitor the safety and efficacy of the approved product. In addition, we are subject to extensive and ongoing regulatory requirements
by the FDA and other regulatory authorities with regard to the labeling, packaging, adverse event reporting, storage, advertising, promotion
and recordkeeping for our products. In addition, we are required to comply with cGMP regulations regarding the manufacture of any products
we may develop or acquire, which include requirements related to quality control and quality assurance as well as the corresponding maintenance
of records and documentation. Further, regulatory authorities must approve these manufacturing facilities before they can be used to
manufacture products, and these facilities are subject to continual review and periodic inspections by the FDA and other regulatory authorities
for compliance with cGMP regulations. If we or a third party discover previously unknown problems with a product, such as adverse events
of unanticipated severity or frequency, or problems with the facility where the product is manufactured, a regulatory authority may impose
restrictions on that product, the manufacturer or us, including requiring withdrawal of the product from the market or suspension of
manufacturing. 

Failure
to obtain regulatory approvals in foreign jurisdictions will prevent us from marketing our products internationally. 

We
intend to seek distribution and marketing partners for one or more of the products in foreign countries. The approval procedures vary
among countries and can involve additional clinical testing, and the time required to obtain approval may differ from that required to
obtain FDA approval. Moreover, clinical studies or manufacturing processes conducted in one country may not be accepted by regulatory
authorities in other countries. Approval by the FDA does not ensure approval by regulatory authorities in other countries, and approval
by one or more foreign regulatory authorities does not ensure approval by regulatory authorities in other foreign countries or by the
FDA. However, a failure or delay in obtaining regulatory approval in one country may have a negative effect on the regulatory process
in others. The foreign regulatory approval process may include all of the risks associated with obtaining FDA approval. We may not obtain
foreign regulatory approvals on a timely basis, if at all. We may not be able to file for regulatory approvals and even if we file we
may not receive necessary approvals to commercialize our products in any market. 

40 

Healthcare
reform measures could hinder or prevent our products commercial success. 

In
the U.S., there have been, and we expect there will continue to be, a number of legislative and regulatory changes to the healthcare
system in ways that could affect our future revenue and profitability and the future revenue and profitability of our potential customers.
Federal and state lawmakers regularly propose and, at times, enact legislation that could result in significant changes to the healthcare
system, some of which are intended to contain or reduce the costs of medical products and services. For example, one of the most significant
healthcare reform measures in decades, the ACA, was enacted in 2010. The ACA contains a number of provisions, including those governing
enrollment in federal healthcare programs, reimbursement changes and fraud and abuse measures, all of which will impact existing government
healthcare programs and will result in the development of new programs. The ACA, among other things: 

imposes
 a tax of 2.3 on the retail sales price of medical devices sold after December 31, 2012;
 and 
 
 could
 result in the imposition of injunctions. 

While
the U.S. Supreme Court upheld the constitutionality of most elements of the ACA in June 2012, other legal challenges are still pending
final adjudication in several jurisdictions. In addition, Congress has also proposed a number of legislative initiatives, including possible
repeal of the ACA. At this time, it remains unclear whether there will be any changes made to the ACA, whether to certain provisions
or its entirety. The 2.3 tax on sales of medical devices may be applicable to sales of one or more products we may develop. We cannot
assure you that the ACA, as currently enacted or as amended in the future, will not adversely affect our business and financial results
and we cannot predict how future federal or state legislative or administrative changes relating to healthcare reform will affect our
business. 

In
addition, other legislative changes have been proposed and adopted since the ACA was enacted. For example, the Budget Control Act of
2011, among other things, created the Joint Select Committee on Deficit Reduction to recommend proposals for spending reductions to Congress.
The Joint Select Committee did not achieve a targeted deficit reduction of at least 1.2 trillion for the years 2013 through 2021, which
triggered the legislation s automatic reduction to several government programs, including aggregate reductions to Medicare payments
to providers of up to 2 per fiscal year, starting in 2013. In January 2013, President Obama signed into law the American Taxpayer Relief
Act of 2012 (the ATRA ), which delayed for another two months the budget cuts mandated by the sequestration provisions of
the Budget Control Act of 2011. The ATRA, among other things, also reduced Medicare payments to several providers, including hospitals,
and increased the statute of limitations period for the government to recover overpayments to providers from three to five years. In
March 2013, the President signed an executive order implementing sequestration, and in April 2013, the 2 Medicare reductions went into
effect. We cannot predict whether any additional legislative changes will affect our business. 

There
likely will continue to be legislative and regulatory proposals at the federal and state levels directed at containing or lowering the
cost of health care. We cannot predict the initiatives that may be adopted in the future or their full impact. The continuing efforts
of the government, insurance companies, managed care organizations and other payors of healthcare services to contain or reduce costs
of health care may adversely affect: 

our
 ability to set a price that we believe is fair for our products; 
 
 our
 ability to generate revenue and achieve or maintain profitability; and 
 
 the
 availability of capital. 

Further,
changes in regulatory requirements and guidance may occur, both in the United States and in foreign countries, and we may need to amend
clinical study protocols to reflect these changes. Amendments may require us to resubmit our clinical study protocols to IRBs for re-examination,
which may impact the costs, timing or successful completion of a clinical study. In light of widely publicized events concerning the
safety risk of certain drug and medical device products, regulatory authorities, members of Congress, the Governmental Accounting Office,
medical professionals and the general public have raised concerns about potential safety issues. These events have resulted in the recall
and withdrawal of medical device products, revisions to product labeling that further limit use of products and establishment of risk
management programs that may, for instance, restrict distribution of certain products or require safety surveillance or patient education.
The increased attention to safety issues may result in a more cautious approach by the FDA or other regulatory authorities to clinical
studies and the drug approval process. Data from clinical studies may receive greater scrutiny with respect to safety, which may make
the FDA or other regulatory authorities more likely to terminate or suspend clinical studies before completion, or require longer or
additional clinical studies that may result in substantial additional expense and a delay or failure in obtaining approval or approval
for a more limited indication than originally sought. 

Given
the serious public health risks of high profile adverse safety events with certain products, the FDA or other regulatory authorities
may require, as a condition of approval, costly risk evaluation and mitigation strategies, which may include safety surveillance, restricted
distribution and use, patient education, enhanced labeling, special packaging or labeling, expedited reporting of certain adverse events,
preapproval of promotional materials and restrictions on direct-to-consumer advertising. 

41 

If
we fail to comply with healthcare regulations, we could face substantial penalties and our business, operations and financial condition
could be adversely affected. 

Even
though we do not and will not control referrals of healthcare services or bill directly to Medicare, Medicaid or other third-party payors,
certain federal and state healthcare laws and regulations pertaining to fraud and abuse and patients rights are and will be applicable
to our business. The regulations that may affect our ability to operate include, without limitation: 

the
 federal healthcare program Anti-Kickback Statute, which prohibits, among other things, any
 person from knowingly and willfully offering, soliciting, receiving or providing remuneration,
 directly or indirectly, in exchange for or to induce either the referral of an individual
 for, or the purchase, order or recommendation of, any good or service for which payment may
 be made under federal healthcare programs, such as the Medicare and Medicaid programs; 

the
 U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, which prohibits payments or the provision of anything
 of value to foreign officials for the purpose of obtaining or keeping business; 

the
 federal False Claims Act, or FCA, which prohibits, among other things, individuals or entities
 from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, false claims, or knowingly using false
 statements, to obtain payment from the federal government, and which may apply to entities
 like us which provide coding and billing advice to customers; 

federal
 criminal laws that prohibit executing a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program
 or making false statements relating to healthcare matters; 

the
 federal transparency requirements under the ACA requires manufacturers of drugs, devices,
 biologics and medical supplies to report to the Department of Health and Human Services information
 related to physician payments and other transfers of value and physician ownership and investment
 interests; 

HIPAA,
 as amended by HITECH, which governs the conduct of certain electronic healthcare transactions
 and protects the security and privacy of protected health information, and 

state
 law equivalents of each of the above federal laws, such as anti-kickback and false claims
 laws which may apply to items or services reimbursed by any third-party payor, including
 commercial insurers. 

The
ACA, among other things, amends the intent requirement of the U.S. federal Anti-Kickback Statute and criminal healthcare fraud statutes.
A person or entity no longer needs to have actual knowledge of this statute or specific intent to violate it. In addition, the ACA provides
that the government may assert that a claim including items or services resulting from a violation of the U.S. federal Anti-Kickback
Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the FCA. 

If
our operations are found to be in violation of any of the laws described above or any other governmental regulations that apply to us,
we may be subject to penalties, including civil and criminal penalties, damages, fines and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations.
Any penalties, damages, fines, curtailment or restructuring of our operations could adversely affect our ability to operate our business
and our financial results. Any action against us for violation of these laws, even if we successfully defend against it, could cause
us to incur significant legal expenses and divert our management s attention from the operation of our business. Moreover, achieving
and sustaining compliance with applicable federal and state privacy, security and fraud laws may prove costly. 

Climate
change and increased focus by governments, stockholders and customers on sustainability issues, including those related to climate change,
may have a material adverse effect on our business and operations. 

Foreign,
federal, state and local governments, as well as some of our vendors and customers, are beginning to respond to climate change issues.
This increased focus on sustainability may result in new legislation or regulations and vendor and customer requirements that could negatively
affect us as we may incur additional costs or be required to make changes to our operations in order to comply with any new regulations
or vendor, customer, or stockholder requirements. Legislation or regulations that potentially impose restrictions, caps, taxes, or other
controls on emissions of greenhouse gases such as carbon dioxide, a by-product of burning fossil fuels, may have a material adverse effect
on our business and operation. For example, if the vendors we contract with to produce and ship our products become subject to increasingly
restrictive laws protecting the environment, including those relating to climate change, we expect that they would incur increased costs
and may pass such costs on to us, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. If our customers or stockholders were to
require us to use vendors that source, manufacture, or supply their products in accordance with certain sustainability standards, we
expect that such standards would likewise force us to incur additional costs and we may fail to pass such additional costs on to our
customers, which could also have a material adverse effect on our business. 

In
addition, on March 21, 2022, the SEC proposed new rules requiring a range of climate-related disclosure that would be applicable to all
companies that are required to file annual reports or that file registration statements with the SEC, including the Company. The proposed
climate-related disclosure framework is modeled in part on the Task Force on Climate Related Financial Disclosures recommendations,
and also draws upon the Greenhouse Gas GHG Protocol GHG Protocol ). In particular, the proposed rules would
require a registrant to disclose information about: The oversight and governance of climate-related risks by the registrant s board
and management; how any climate-related risks identified by the registrant have had or are likely to have a material impact on its business
and consolidated financial statements, which may manifest over the short-, medium-, or long-term; how any identified climate-related
risks have affected or are likely to affect the registrant s strategy, business model, and outlook; the registrant s processes
for identifying, assessing, and managing climate-related risks and whether any such processes are integrated into the registrant s
overall risk management system or processes; the impact of climate-related events (severe weather events and other natural conditions
as well as physical risks identified by the registrant) and transition activities (including transition risks identified by the registrant)
on the line items of a registrant s consolidated financial statements and related expenditures, and disclosure of financial estimates
and assumptions impacted by such climate-related events and transition activities; Scope 1 and Scope 2 (as
defined by the SEC s proposed rule) GHG emissions metrics, separately disclosed, expressed both by disaggregated constituent greenhouse
gases and in the aggregate, and in absolute and intensity terms; Scope 3 (as defined by the SEC s proposed rule)
GHG emissions and intensity, if material, or if the registrant has set a GHG emissions reduction target or goal that includes its Scope
3 emissions; and the registrant s climate-related targets or goals, and transition plan, if any. The proposed rules would be subject
to certain accommodations and phase-in periods. For example, companies meeting the definition of smaller reporting company 
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act, which currently includes the Company (see below, We are a smaller reporting
company within the meaning of the Exchange Act, and if we take advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure requirements available
to smaller reporting companies, this could make our securities less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare
our performance with other public companies. and As a smaller reporting company, we may at
some time in the future choose to exempt our company from certain corporate governance requirements that could have an adverse effect
on our public stockholders. ), would be exempt from the Scope 3 emissions disclosure requirement. The proposed rules would
also require an attestation report provided by a third-party attestation service provider that satisfies a minimum level of attestation
services for a company that meets the definition of accelerated filer or large accelerated filer in Rule
12b-2 of the Exchange Act, including: (1) limited assurance for Scopes 1 and 2 emissions disclosure that scales up to reasonable assurance
after a specified transition period; (2) minimum qualifications and independence requirements for the attestation service provider; and
(3) minimum requirements for the accompanying attestation report. A company that is not an accelerated filer or large
accelerated filer , which currently includes the Company, would not be subject to this attestation requirement (see below As
a non-accelerated filer, we are not required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. ). 

42 

Although
we cannot predict the costs of implementation or any potential adverse impacts resulting from the proposed rule, the SEC estimated
that compliance costs for a smaller reporting company in the first year of compliance would be 490,000 140,000 for
internal costs and 350,000 for outside professional costs), while annual costs in the subsequent five years were estimated to be
 420,000 120,000 for internal costs and 300,000 for outside professional costs). For non- smaller reporting company 
registrants, the costs in the first year of compliance were estimated to be 640,000 180,000 for internal costs and 460,000 for
outside professional costs), while annual costs in the subsequent five years were estimated to be 530,000 150,000 for internal
costs and 380,000 for outside professional costs). To the extent that this rule is finalized as proposed, we could therefore incur
significant increased costs relating to the assessment and disclosure of climate-related matters. 

These
potential additional costs, forced changes in operations, or loss of revenues may have a material adverse effect on our business and
operations. 

Our
ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes may be limited. 

We
have and may incur again substantial net operating losses (NOLs) during our history. Unused NOLs may carry forward to offset future
taxable income if we achieve profitability in the future, unless such NOLs expire under applicable tax laws. However, under the
rules of Sections 382 and 383 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), if a corporation
undergoes an ownership change, generally defined as a greater than 50 change (by value) in its equity ownership over
a three-year period, the corporation s ability to use its NOLs and other pre-change tax attributes to offset its post-change
taxable income or taxes may be limited. The applicable rules generally operate by focusing on changes in ownership among
stockholders considered by the rules as owning, directly or indirectly, 5 or more of the stock of a company, as well as changes in
ownership arising from new issuances of stock by the company. As a result of these rules, in the event that we experience one or
more ownership changes as a result of the Company s proposed public offering or future transactions in our stock, then we may
be limited in our ability to use our federal NOL carryforwards to offset our future taxable income, if any. In addition, the Tax
Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 imposes certain limitations on the deduction of NOLs generated in tax years that began on or after January
1, 2018, including a limitation on use of NOLs to offset only 80 of taxable income and the disallowance of NOL carrybacks. 

As of December 31, 2022,
and 2021, the Company had federal NOL carryforwards of 41,733,000 and 34,971,000, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the
Company also had Florida state NOL carryforwards of 18,117,000 and 11,354,000, respectively. Under current tax law, the federal and
Florida state NOL carryforwards may be carried forward indefinitely. However, as discussed above, the Company s NOL carryforwards
may be subject to annual limitations, which could reduce or defer the utilization of the losses, such as in the event of an ownership
change as described above. 

Risks
Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock 

Management
identified material weaknesses in our internal controls, and failure to remediate them or any future ineffectiveness of internal controls
could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business and the price of its common stock. 

Our
management determined that our disclosure controls and procedures and internal controls over financial reporting, or ICFR, were ineffective
and reflected material weaknesses as of December 31, 2022 and in prior periods. The Company is currently working to remediate these material
weaknesses. However, there is no assurance that any of these measures will be adequate in establishing effective disclosure controls
and procedures and ICFR in future periods. 

A
 material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in ICFR, such that there is a reasonable possibility
that a material misstatement of the Company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely
basis. We plan to continue to take measures to remediate these deficiencies, such as providing additional training to our accounting
staff in U.S. GAAP. However, the implementation of these measures may not fully address the control deficiencies in our ICFR. Our failure
to address any control deficiency could result in inaccuracies in our financial statements and could also impair our ability to comply
with applicable financial reporting requirements and related regulatory filings on a timely basis. Moreover, effective ICFR is important
to prevent fraud. As a result, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects, as well as the trading price of
our shares, may be negatively impacted by a failure to accurately report financial results. 

The
material weaknesses and other matters impacting the Company s internal controls may cause it to be unable to report its financial
information on a timely basis and thereby subject it to adverse regulatory consequences, including sanctions by the SEC or violations
of applicable stock exchange or quotation service listing rules. There could also be a negative reaction in the financial markets due
to a loss of investor confidence in the Company and the reliability of its financial statements. Confidence in the reliability of the
Company s financial statements may suffer due to the Company s reporting of material weaknesses in its internal controls
over financial reporting. This could materially adversely affect the Company and lead to a decline in the price of its common stock. 

43 

If
we continue to fail to comply with the rules under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 related to disclosure controls and procedures, or,
if we discover additional material weaknesses and other deficiencies in our internal control and accounting procedures, our stock price
could decline significantly and raising capital could be more difficult. 

If
we continue to fail to comply with the rules under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 related to disclosure controls and procedures, or,
if we discover additional material weaknesses and other deficiencies in our internal control and accounting procedures, our stock price
could decline significantly and raising capital could be more difficult. Moreover, effective internal controls are necessary for us to
produce reliable financial reports and are important to help prevent financial fraud. If we cannot provide reliable financial reports
or prevent fraud, our business and operating results could be harmed, investors could lose confidence in our reported financial information,
and the trading price of our common stock could drop significantly. In addition, we cannot be certain that additional material weaknesses
or significant deficiencies in our internal controls will not be discovered in the future. 

As
a non-accelerated filer, we are not required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. 

We
are not an accelerated filer or a large accelerated filer under the Exchange Act. Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange
Act defines an accelerated filer to mean any company that first meets the following conditions at the end of each fiscal
year: The company had a public float of 75 million or more, but less than 700 million, as of the last business day of the company s
most recently completed second fiscal quarter; the company has been subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act for at
least twelve calendar months; the company has filed at least one annual report under the Exchange Act; the company did not have annual
revenues of less than 100 million and either no public float or a public float of less than 700 million; and, once the company determines
that it does not qualify for smaller reporting company status because it exceeded one or more of the current thresholds
for such status, is not eligible to regain smaller reporting company status under the test provided under paragraph (3)(iii)(B)
of the smaller reporting company definition in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act defines
a large accelerated filer in the same way except that the company meeting the definition must have a public float of 700
million or more as of the last business day of the company s most recently completed second fiscal quarter. 

A
non-accelerated filer is not required to file an auditor attestation report on internal control over financial reporting that is
otherwise required under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Therefore, our internal control over financial reporting does not
receive the level of review provided by the process relating to the auditor attestation included in annual reports of issuers that
are subject to the auditor attestation requirements. In addition, we cannot predict if investors will find our common stock less
attractive because we are not required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements. If some investors find our common stock
less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and trading price for our common stock
may be negatively affected. 

Our
common stock price could continue to be volatile, and you could lose the value of your investment. 

Our
stock price has been volatile and has fluctuated significantly in the past. The market price of our common stock could continue to be
volatile and could fluctuate widely in price in response to various factors, many of which are beyond our control, including: technological
innovations or new products and services by us or our competitors; additions or departures of key personnel; sales of our common stock;
our ability to integrate operations, technology, products and services; our ability to execute our business plan; operating results below
expectations; loss of any strategic relationships; industry developments; economic and other external factors; and period-to-period fluctuations
in our financial results. Because we have a very limited operating history with limited revenues to date, you may consider any one of
these factors to be material. Our stock price may fluctuate widely because of any of the above. In addition, the securities markets have
from time to time experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that are unrelated to the operating performance of particular
companies. These market fluctuations may also materially and adversely affect the market price of our common stock. Your investment in
our stock could lose some or all its value. 

Our
common stock is quoted on the OTCQB tier of OTC Markets Group, Inc., which may have an unfavorable impact on our stock price and liquidity.
Our common stock may not be eligible for listing on a national securities exchange. 

Our
common stock is quoted on the OTCQB tier of OTC Markets Group, Inc. The OTCQB is a significantly more limited market than The Nasdaq
Stock Market LLC, or Nasdaq. The quotation of our shares on the OTCQB may result in a less liquid market available for existing and potential
stockholders to trade shares of our common stock, could depress the trading price of our common stock and could have a long-term adverse
impact on our ability to raise capital in the future. We have applied to list our common stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market tier of Nasdaq.
The closing of our proposed public offering is contingent upon the successful listing of our common stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market.
There is no guarantee that Nasdaq, or any other exchange or quotation system, will permit our common stock to be listed and traded. 

While
we believe that we will meet all of the quantitative and qualitative listing standards of the Nasdaq Capital Market, subject to a successful
completion of our proposed public offering, there is no assurance that we will be able to do so. Even if we do obtain a listing on the
Nasdaq Capital Market, there can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain such listing in the future. As a result, investors
may find it difficult to buy or sell or obtain accurate quotations for our common stock, and the liquidity of our common stock remain
limited. These factors may have an adverse impact on the trading and price of our common stock. 

44 

We
cannot predict the extent to which an active public trading market for our common stock will develop or be sustained. If an active public
trading market for our common stock does not develop or cannot be sustained, you may be unable to liquidate your investment in our securities.
There is no established trading market for our units or warrants, the units have no stand-alone rights and will not be certificated or
issued as stand-alone securities, and we do not expect a market for our warrants to develop. Without an active trading market, the liquidity
of our warrants will be limited. 

At
present, there is minimal public trading in our common stock and our warrants are not publicly traded. We cannot predict the extent to
which an active public market for our common stock will develop or be sustained due to a number of factors, including the fact that we
are a small company that is relatively unknown to stock analysts, stock brokers, institutional investors, and others in the investment
community that generate or influence sales volume, and that even if we came to the attention of such persons, they tend to be risk-averse
and would be reluctant to follow an unproven company such as ours or purchase or recommend the purchase of our securities until such
time as we became more seasoned and viable. As a consequence, there may be periods of several days or more when trading activity in our
common stock is minimal or non-existent, as compared to a seasoned issuer which has a large and steady volume of trading activity that
will generally support continuous sales without an adverse effect on market price. In addition, there is no established trading market
for our units or our warrants, and we do not expect one to develop or intend to apply for the listing of our units or warrants on any
national securities exchange or other trading market. The units have no stand-alone rights and will not be certificated or issued as
stand-alone securities. Without an active trading market, the liquidity of our warrants will be limited. We cannot give you any assurance
that an active public trading market for our securities will develop or be sustained. If such a market cannot be sustained, you may be
unable to liquidate your investment in our securities. 

Even
if the Consolidated Reverse Stock Split currently achieves the requisite increase in the market price of our common stock for listing
on the Nasdaq Capital Market, we cannot assure you that the market price of our common stock will remain high enough to comply with Nasdaq s
minimum bid price requirement . 

In
connection with our proposed public offering and uplisting of common stock to the Nasdaq Capital Market, we have effected the Consolidated
Reverse Stock Split of our common stock at the ratio we believe necessary to allow us to obtain Nasdaq approval of our initial listing
application to list our common stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market. Even if such Consolidated Reverse Stock Split achieves the requisite
increase in the market price of our common stock for listing on the Nasdaq Capital Market, there can be no assurance that the market
price of our common stock following such Consolidated Reverse Stock Split will remain at the level required for continuing compliance
with such requirements. It is not uncommon for the market price of a company s common stock to decline in the period following
a reverse stock split. If the market price of our common stock declines following the processing of such Consolidated Reverse Stock Split,
the percentage decline may be greater than would occur in the absence of the Consolidated Reverse Stock Split. In any event, other factors
unrelated to the number of outstanding shares of our common stock, such as negative financial or operational results, could adversely
affect the market price of our common stock and warrants and thus jeopardize our ability to meet or maintain Nasdaq s minimum bid
price requirement. 

If
we are unable to satisfy these requirements or standards, we would not be able to meet Nasdaq s initial listing application requirements,
which could cause us to terminate the Company s proposed public offering. We can provide no assurance that any such action taken
by us would allow our common stock to be listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market, stabilize the market price or improve the liquidity of
our common stock, prevent the price of our common stock from dropping below Nasdaq s minimum bid price requirement, or prevent
future non-compliance with Nasdaq s listing requirements. 

The
Consolidated Reverse Stock Split may decrease the liquidity of the shares of our common stock. 

The
liquidity of the shares of our common stock may be affected adversely by the Consolidated Reverse Stock Split given the reduced number
of shares of our common stock that are outstanding following the Consolidated Reverse Stock Split, especially if the market price of
our common stock does not increase as a result of the Consolidated Reverse Stock Split. In addition, the Consolidated Reverse Stock Split
may increase the number of stockholders who own odd lots (less than 100 shares) of our common stock, creating the potential for such
stockholders to experience an increase in the cost of selling their shares of common stock and greater difficulty effecting such sales. 

Following
the Consolidated Reverse Stock Split, the resulting market price of our common stock may not attract new investors, including institutional
investors, and may not satisfy the investing requirements of those investors. Consequently, the trading liquidity of our common stock
may not improve. 

Although
we believe that a higher market price of our common stock may help generate greater or broader investor interest, there can be no assurance
that the Consolidated Reverse Stock Split will result in a share price that will attract new investors, including institutional investors.
In addition, there can be no assurance that the market price of our common stock will satisfy the investing requirements of those investors.
As a result, the trading liquidity of our common stock may not necessarily improve. 

45 

Substantial future
sales of our securities, or the perception in the public markets that these sales may occur, may depress our stock price. Also, future
issuances of our common stock or rights to purchase common stock could result in additional dilution of the percentage ownership of our
stockholders and could cause our share price to fall. 

Sales
of substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market during and after our proposed public offering, or the perception that
these sales could occur, could adversely affect the price of our common stock and could impair our ability to raise capital through
the sale of additional shares. All of the shares of common stock to be sold in the Company s proposed public offering will be
freely tradable without restriction or further registration under the federal securities laws. The common stock or other securities sold in the proposed public offering may result in material dilution to existing
stockholders, especially if the public offering price is lower than the price that existing stockholders paid for shares of common stock. 

In
addition, substantial amounts of outstanding shares of common stock or securities that may be converted into or exercised to purchase
common stock, carry certain registration rights, and may become available for resale shortly after our proposed public offering pursuant
to such registration rights or under an applicable exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act, and any applicable
lock-up agreements expire or are waived, including: Shares issuable upon conversion of outstanding Convertible Notes (as defined in Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources
 Units Private Placement upon exercise of outstanding warrants; that are
held by certain investors in a private placement of common stock; upon exercise of immediately-exercisable
warrants to be issued to the holder of the December 2022 Promissory Note (as defined in Item 7. Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Key Highlights of Fiscal Year 2022 Financing December
2022 Promissory Note to purchase up to 1,500,000 of shares of common stock on the same
terms as any warrants issued in our proposed public offering or other financing, whichever occurs first; and the February 2023 Warrant
Shares (as defined in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
 Recent Developments February 2023 Promissory Note . Additional shares may
become available for resale that are issuable upon exercise of vested options and under unvested options after such options vest,
if, for example, we elect to file a registration statement on Form S-8 to register for resale shares
issuable under the SIP . Many of these securities may be converted into or exercised to purchase
shares of common stock at a price that is lower than the market price of our common stock at the time of conversion or exercise, and the
shares issued upon conversion or exercise may be resold at a gain to the security holders. These sales could depress the trading price
of our common stock and make it more difficult for stockholders to sell any shares of common stock at a gain or at all. 

R esales of our common stock as resale restrictions end or pursuant to registration
rights may also make it more difficult for us to sell equity securities in the future at a time and at a price that we deem appropriate
as needed to raise necessary capital. We expect that
significant additional capital will be needed in the future to continue our planned operations, including expanding research and development,
funding clinical trials, purchasing of capital equipment, hiring new personnel, commercializing our products, and continuing activities
as an operating public company. To the extent we raise additional capital by issuing equity securities, our stockholders may experience
substantial dilution. We may sell common stock, convertible securities or other equity securities in one or more transactions at prices
and in a manner we determine from time to time. If we sell common stock, convertible securities, or other equity securities in more than
one transaction, investors may be materially diluted by subsequent sales. Such sales may also result in material dilution to our existing
stockholders, and new investors could gain rights superior to our existing stockholders. 

We
have never paid cash dividends on our stock and do not intend to pay dividends for the foreseeable future. 

We
have paid no cash dividends on any class of our stock to date and we do not anticipate paying cash dividends in the near term. For the
foreseeable future, we intend to retain any earnings to finance the development and expansion of our business, and we do not anticipate
paying any cash dividends on our common stock. Accordingly, investors must be prepared to rely on sales of their common stock after price
appreciation to earn an investment return, which may never occur. Investors seeking cash dividends should not purchase our common stock.
Any determination to pay dividends in the future will be made at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on our results
of operations, financial condition, contractual restrictions, restrictions imposed by applicable law and other factors our board deems
relevant. 

46 

Raising
additional capital may adversely affect your rights as stockholders, restrict our operations or require us to relinquish rights to our
technologies or medical devices. 

We
expect to finance our cash needs through a combination of private and public equity offerings, debt financings, government or other third-party
funding, and collaboration arrangements or acquisitions. To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of common stock,
convertible securities or other equity securities, the ownership interest of our stockholders may be materially diluted, and the terms
of these securities may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect the interests of our stockholders. Debt financing
and preferred equity financing, if available, would result in increased fixed payment obligations and may involve agreements that include
covenants limiting or restricting our ability to take specific actions, such as incurring additional debt, making capital expenditures
or declaring dividends, that could adversely impact our ability to conduct our business. Securing additional financing could require
a substantial amount of time and attention from our management and may divert a disproportionate amount of their attention away from
day-to-day activities, which may adversely affect our management s ability to oversee the development or acquisition of products. 

If
we raise additional funds through collaborations, strategic alliances or marketing, distribution, or licensing arrangements with third
parties, we may have to relinquish valuable rights to our technologies, future revenue streams, research programs or medical devices
or grant licenses on terms that may not be favorable to us. If we are unable to raise additional funds through equity or debt financings
when needed, we may be required to delay, limit, reduce or terminate our product development or future commercialization efforts or grant
rights to develop and market medical devices that we would otherwise prefer to develop and market ourselves. 

We
are a smaller reporting company within the meaning of the Exchange Act, and if we take advantage of certain exemptions
from disclosure requirements available to smaller reporting companies, this could make our securities less attractive to investors and
may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies. 

 Rule
12b-2 of the Exchange Act defines a smaller reporting company as an issuer that is not an investment company, an asset-backed
issuer, or a majority-owned subsidiary of a parent that is not a smaller reporting company and that: 

had
 a public float of less than 250 million as of the last business day of its most recently completed second fiscal quarter, computed
 by multiplying the aggregate worldwide number of shares of its voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates by the
 price at which the common equity was last sold, or the average of the bid and asked prices of common equity, in the principal market
 for the common equity; or 

in
 the case of an initial registration statement under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act for shares of its common equity, had a
 public float of less than 250 million as of a date within 30 days of the date of the filing of the registration statement, computed
 by multiplying the aggregate worldwide number of such shares held by non-affiliates before the registration plus, in the case of
 a Securities Act registration statement, the number of such shares included in the registration statement by the estimated public
 offering price of the shares; or 

in
 the case of an issuer whose public float as calculated under paragraph (1) or (2) of this definition was zero or whose public float
 was less than 700 million, had annual revenues of less than 100 million during the most recently completed fiscal year for which
 audited financial statements are available. 

As
a smaller reporting company, we are not required to include a Compensation Discussion and Analysis section in our proxy statements; we
may provide only two years of financial statements; and we need not provide the table of selected financial data. We also have other
 scaled disclosure requirements that are less comprehensive than issuers that are not smaller reporting companies which
could make our securities less attractive to potential investors, which could make it more difficult for our securityholders to sell
their securities. 

We
may be at risk of securities class action litigation. 

We
may be at risk of securities class action litigation. In the past, life sciences, biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies have experienced
significant stock price volatility, particularly when associated with binary events such as clinical trials and product approvals. If
we face such litigation, it could result in substantial costs and a diversion of management s attention and resources, which could
harm our business and results in a decline in the market price of our common stock. 

47 

If
securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports about our business, or if they change their recommendations regarding
our stock adversely, our stock price and trading volume could decline. 

The
trading market for our common stock will be influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts publish about
us or our business. We do not currently have and may never obtain research coverage by industry or financial analysts. If no or few analysts
commence coverage of us, the trading price of our common stock would likely decrease. Even if we do obtain analyst coverage, if one or
more of the analysts who cover us downgrade our securities, the price of our common stock would likely decline. If one or more of these
analysts cease coverage of our company or fail to regularly publish reports on us, we could lose visibility in the financial markets,
which in turn could cause the price of our common stock or trading volume to decline. 

Our
articles of incorporation, bylaws and Nevada law have anti-takeover provisions that could discourage, delay or prevent a change in control,
which may cause the prices of our securities to decline. 

Our
articles of incorporation, bylaws and Nevada law contain provisions which could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us,
even if closing such a transaction would be beneficial to our stockholders. We are currently authorized to issue up to 25,000,000 shares
of blank check preferred stock. This preferred stock may be issued in one or more series, the terms of which may be determined
at the time of issuance by our board of directors without further action by stockholders. The terms of any series of preferred stock
may include voting rights (including the right to vote as a series on particular matters), preferences as to dividend, liquidation, conversion
and redemption rights and sinking fund provisions. No shares of our preferred stock are currently outstanding. The issuance of any preferred
stock could materially adversely affect the rights of the holders of our securities, and therefore, reduce the value of our securities.
In particular, specific rights granted to future holders of preferred stock could be used to restrict our ability to merge with, or sell
our assets to, a third party and thereby preserve control by current management. 

Our
articles of incorporation, bylaws or Nevada law contain provisions that are intended to deter coercive takeover practices and inadequate
takeover bids by making such practices or bids unacceptably expensive to the raider and to encourage prospective acquirers to negotiate
with our board of directors rather than to attempt a hostile takeover. These provisions include, among others: 

the
 inability of our stockholders to call a special meeting; 

rules
 regarding how stockholders may present proposals or nominate directors for election at stockholder
 meetings; 

the
 right of our board to issue preferred stock without stockholder approval; and 

the
 ability of our directors, and not stockholders, to fill vacancies on our board of directors. 

Provisions
of our articles of incorporation, bylaws or Nevada law also could have the effect of discouraging potential acquisition proposals or
making a tender offer or delaying or preventing a change in control, including changes a stockholder might consider favorable. Such provisions
may also prevent or frustrate attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our management. In particular, our articles of incorporation,
our bylaws or Nevada law, as applicable, among other things, may provide our board of directors with the ability to alter our bylaws
without stockholder approval, and provide that vacancies on our board of directors may be filled by a majority of directors in office,
although less than a quorum. 

In
addition, we are subject to Nevada s Combination with Interested Stockholders Statute (Nevada Revised Statutes 78.411 78.444),
which prohibits an interested stockholder from entering into a combination with the corporation, unless certain conditions
are met. These provisions are expected to discourage certain types of coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids and to
encourage persons seeking to acquire control of our company to first negotiate with our board of directors. These provisions may delay
or prevent someone from acquiring or merging with us, which may cause the market prices of our securities to decline. 

We
have elected out of Nevada s Acquisition of Controlling Interest Statute (Nevada Revised Statutes 78.378 78.3793), which
prohibits an acquirer, under certain circumstances, from voting shares of a corporation s stock after crossing specific threshold
ownership percentages. The election out of the Acquisition of Controlling Interest Statute can be reversed by an amendment to our bylaws
by the stockholders or our board of directors, which would also have the effect of discouraging or delaying from acquiring or merging
with us. 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

From
the date of our acquisition of the Somahlution Assets in July 2020 through December 2020, we leased approximately 20,000 square feet
in a building located at 225 Chimney Corner Lane, Jupiter, Florida 33458, which is owned by the Chairman of our board of directors and
the former owner of Somahlution. On December 11, 2020, we entered into a five-and-a-half-year lease for approximately 10,300 square feet
at 555 Heritage Drive, Jupiter, Florida 33458, which includes office and laboratory space. Our principal executive office is located
at this Jupiter, Florida address. Effective April 1, 2022, the Company amended the lease agreement to add additional space for administrative
office and laboratories. Under the amended lease, our office and laboratory space increased to 13,353 square feet. The monthly cost
of total expanded lease space during 2022 was approximately 15,260 increasing to 15,641 in 2023 and will increase by 2.5 annually
thereafter until the end of the term. As of April 1, 2022, monthly operating expenses for total expanded premises increased from approximately
 12,000 to 17,500 per month. The lease term is currently scheduled to end on July 31, 2026. 

For
additional information, see Note 3, Leases, included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this
Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

48 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

From
time to time, we may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings which arise in the ordinary course of business. However,
litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties, and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may
harm our business. Except as described below, we are not aware of any such legal proceedings or claims against us. 

DeVito
Litigation 

On
June 7, 2022, Nicholas DeVito, a former Interim Chief Executive Officer and Interim Chief Financial Officer of the Company, filed a Complaint
in the Circuit Court of the Fifteenth Judicial Circuit in and for Palm Beach County, Florida, Case No. 50-2022-CA-005437 (the Florida
Circuit Court ), against the Company (the DeVito Complaint ). The DeVito Complaint claimed breach of contract, declaratory
relief, specific performance, breach of an implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing, and unjust enrichment against the Company
with respect to the Company s alleged breach of the common stock issuance requirements of an Incentive Stock Option Agreement between
Mr. DeVito and the Company, dated as of July 13, 2019 (the DeVito ISO ). Under the DeVito ISO, on July 13, 2019, the Company
granted an option to Mr. DeVito to purchase 33,333shares of common stock at 15.15 per share, subject to certain vesting terms. The DeVito
ISO provided that it would terminate twelve (12) months after the end of Mr. DeVito s Continuous Service, which was
not defined by the DeVito ISO. On August 27, 2020, as part of a Mutual Release of Claims Agreement between Mr. DeVito and the Company
dated as of that date (the DeVito Release ), the Company agreed to immediately vest the unvested portion of the DeVito ISO
such that the DeVito ISO became fully vested, to pay Mr. DeVito 20,000 to add in the transition during the month of September 2020,
and that Mr. DeVito would retain all of his rights under the DeVito ISO. Under the DeVito Release, Mr. DeVito agreed to step down from
his positions as Interim Chief Executive Officer and Interim Chief Financial Officer on September 1, 2020, to assist Marizyme with its
transition to a new Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer for the month of September 2020, and effective as of September
1, 2020 would no longer act as an officer of Marizyme in any capacity. The DeVito Release also recited that the Company requested that
Mr. DeVito be available for additional consulting going forward as the needs of the business dictate. The DeVito Release also provided
for a general mutual release of claims by the Company and Mr. DeVito apart from continuing employment obligations and corporate officer
indemnification obligations of Marizyme. The DeVito Complaint alleged that Mr. DeVito continued his role as an advisor and consultant
to the Company. Due to the Company s alleged nonperformance of Mr. DeVito s exercise rights under the DeVito ISO, the DeVito
Complaint sought declaratory relief, specific performance, direct and consequential damages in an unspecified amount of more than 30,001.00,
damages prescribed by the DeVito ISO, reasonable attorney s fees and costs, prejudgment interest, and such other relief as the
court deems equitable. On July 21, 2022, the Company filed a motion to dismiss the claims of declaratory relief, specific performance,
and breach of an implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing in the DeVito Complaint. On August 3, 2022, Mr. DeVito filed an amended
complaint without a hearing (the Amended DeVito Complaint ). The Amended DeVito Complaint includes two claims, for breach
of contract and unjust enrichment, and otherwise realleges substantially all of the factual allegations of the DeVito Complaint. On August
26, 2022, the Company filed an Answer to the Amended DeVito Complaint denying substantially all of the allegations. 

Under
a Confidential Settlement Agreement, dated November 18, 2022 (the DeVito Settlement Agreement ), the Company and Mr.
DeVito agreed that Mr. DeVito would dismiss the DeVito Complaint. The parties also agreed that following an anticipated reverse
split, the Company was required to issue Mr. DeVito 60,000 post-split (giving effect to the First Reverse Stock Split
and prior to the Second Reverse Stock Split, First Forward Stock Split, Second Forward Stock Split, and Consolidated Reverse Stock
Split) shares to be delivered in paper certificate form within three (3) business days of the reverse split. The DeVito Settlement
Agreement further provided that the delivered shares would be subject to normal and customary restrictions pursuant to Rule 144 of
the SEC. In the event no split occurred by December 12, 2022, the Company was required to issue Mr. DeVito 240,000
 pre-split shares. In addition, the parties agreed that no further continuous service is required pursuant to Section 2
of the DeVito Release. Pursuant to the agreement, on January 4, 2023, the Company issued 240,000 shares of common stock to Mr.
DeVito. 

Chandler
Litigation 

On
January 28, 2022, the Company filed a Complaint in the Florida Circuit Court, case number 50-2022-CA-000859-XXX-MB, against Amy Chandler
(the Chandler Complaint ). The Chandler Complaint sought damages for breach of fiduciary duty, breach of contract, negligence,
conversion, and civil theft. The Chandler Complaint alleged that, prior to her resignation in September 2021, Ms. Chandler intentionally
and recklessly took actions to cancel the CE certificate required by European Union regulations in order for Marizyme and its subsidiary,
Somahlution, Inc., to ship and distribute certain products to/within the European Union. The Chandler Complaint also alleged that Ms.
Chandler disregarded her fiduciary duty to Marizyme and responsibilities as the top regulatory and compliance official of Marizyme. As
a result, the Chandler Complaint alleged that Ms. Chandler s actions caused significant disruption and damage to Marizyme s
business, including, but not limited to, financial damages and damage to Marizyme s reputation and business relationships. The
Chandler Complaint further alleged that prior to her last day, Ms. Chandler stole confidential, proprietary files governing Marizyme s
quality management system, which related to internal business operations, and that Marizyme incurred significant costs to recreate these
files. The Chandler Complaint alleged damages in excess of thirty thousand dollars 30,000.00), exclusive of interest, attorneys 
fees, and costs. 

On
February 28, 2022, Ms. Chandler filed an Answer, Affirmative Defenses and Counterclaim with the Florida Circuit Court (the Answer ).
The Answer denied the claims in the Chandler Complaint and most of the factual allegations regarding Ms. Chandler s alleged actions.
The Answer also asserted a counterclaim against the Company for defamation per se. The Answer sought to recover monetary damages, attorneys 
fees, and court costs in connection with this litigation. The Answer also demanded a trial by jury on all triable issues. 

On
March 18, 2022, the Company filed a Motion to Dismiss Ms. Chandler s Counterclaim with the Florida Circuit Court (the Motion
to Dismiss ). The Motion to Dismiss stated that Ms. Chandler s Counterclaim for defamation per se should be dismissed with
prejudice. On July 13, 2022, the court ruled that the counterclaim of defamation was dismissed with prejudice. Ms. Chandler s deposition
was taken on September 21, 2022. On November 21, 2022, the Company filed a notice of voluntary dismissal without prejudice of its complaint
and the case was dismissed. 

Campbell/Harmon
Litigation 

On
August 19, 2021, Dr. Neil Campbell, former President, Chief Executive Officer and director of the Company, and Bruce Harmon, former Chief
Financial Officer and Secretary of the Company, each filed a Complaint and Demand for Jury Trial in the Circuit Court of the Fifteenth
Judicial Circuit in and for Palm Beach County, Florida, case numbers No. 50-2021-CA-009938 and No. 50-2021-CA-009954, respectively, against
the Company and Insperity Peo Services, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership Insperity ), a joint employer of Dr. Campbell
and Mr. Harmon with the Company under a Client Service Agreement, dated November 30, 2020 (collectively, the Campbell/Harmon Complaints ).
Both Campbell/Harmon Complaints alleged that the Company and Insperity violated Section 448.105 of the Florida Private Whistleblower
Act as a result of the constructive terminations of Dr. Campbell and Mr. Harmon after the occurrence of violations of federal and state
law, including federal securities law, at the Company that exposed Dr. Campbell and Mr. Harmon to civil and criminal forms of liability
and that the Company was not addressing to their satisfaction. Both of the Campbell/Harmon Complaints demanded approximately 30,000- 50,000
in back pay and benefits, interest on back pay, front pay and/or lost earning capacity, compensatory damages, costs and attorney s
fees, and such other relief as the court deems equitable. 

Pursuant
to a Joint Stipulation of Voluntary Dismissal With Prejudice filed in each of these cases, the arbitrator of these cases dismissed Dr.
Campbell and Mr. Harmon s actions with prejudice on April 18, 2022 and April 14, 2022, respectively, and the court subsequently
dismissed Dr. Campbell and Mr. Harmon s actions with prejudice on April 22, 2022 and April 14, 2022, respectively. 

Bankruptcy
or Similar Proceedings 

There
has been no bankruptcy, receivership or similar proceeding pertaining to the Company. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable. 

49 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market
Information 

Our
common stock is listed on the OTCQB tier of OTC Markets Group, Inc. under the symbol MRZM . 

Holders
of Common Stock 

As
of March 23, 2023, there were 40,768,191 shares of our common stock outstanding held by approximately 385 holders of record of our common
stock. This number was derived from our stockholder records and does not include beneficial owners of our common stock whose shares are
held in the name of various dealers, clearing agencies, banks, brokers and other fiduciaries. 

Dividend
Policy 

We
have never declared or paid cash dividends on our common stock. We currently intend to retain all available funds and any future earnings
for use in the operation of our business and do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock in the near future. We may
also enter into credit agreements or other borrowing arrangements in the future that will restrict our ability to declare or pay cash
dividends on our common stock. Any future determination to declare dividends will be made at the discretion of our board of directors
and will depend on our financial condition, operating results, capital requirements, contractual restrictions, general business conditions
and other factors that our board of directors may deem relevant. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

We
did not sell any equity securities during the 2022 fiscal year that were not previously disclosed in a quarterly report on Form 10-Q
or a current report on Form 8-K that was filed during the 2022 fiscal year, except as disclosed below. 

On
January 24, 2022, we issued to Univest Securities, LLC Univest and Bradley Richmond, as a registered representative of
Univest entitled to a portion of Univest s compensation due to his employment terms and who also served as our former licensing
and market advisor and former Acting Vice President of Finance, units which consisted of Convertible Notes in the aggregate principal
amount of 300,000, convertible into 171,428 shares of common stock, plus additional shares based on accrued interest, and Class C Warrants
(as defined in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
Liquidity and Capital Resources Units Private Placement for the purchase of 342,846 shares of common stock at 2.25
per share. The units were issued in lieu of cash in exchange for services provided to us in connection with our acquisition of My Health
Logic. Pursuant to the October 2022 Letter Agreement (as defined in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations Key Highlights of Fiscal Year 2022 October 2022 Letter Agreement ), each
of Univest and Mr. Richmond agreed to forego their applicable rights to such securities issued to them in connection with the My Health
Logic acquisition, as the Corporate Financing Department of FINRA (the FINRA Staff subsequently determined that such securities
constituted underwriting compensation in connection with the Company s proposed public offering based on the FINRA Staff s
interpretation of FINRA Rule 5110. 

On
January 26, 2022, we granted Bradley Richmond a warrant to purchase 150,000 shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise
price of 0.01 per share, and on February 14, 2022, granted the consultant an additional warrant to purchase an additional 150,000 shares
of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of 0.01 per share, in exchange for services. The former consultant fully exercised
both of the warrants in March 2022. Pursuant to the October 2022 Letter Agreement, the consultant agreed to forego his rights to such
shares of common stock in accordance with a determination of the FINRA Staff that such shares constituted underwriting compensation in
connection with the Company s proposed public offering based on the FINRA Staff s interpretation of FINRA Rule 5110. See
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Key Highlights
of Fiscal Year 2022 October 2022 Letter Agreement for related discussion. 

On
November 18, 2022, pursuant to the terms of the DeVito Settlement Agreement, the Company and Nicholas DeVito agreed that Mr. DeVito would
dismiss the DeVito Complaint. The parties also agreed that following an anticipated reverse split, the Company was required to issue
Mr. DeVito 60,000 post-split shares to be delivered in paper certificate form within three (3) business days of the reverse
split. The DeVito Settlement Agreement further provided that the delivered shares would be subject to normal and customary restrictions
pursuant to Rule 144 of the SEC. In the event no split occurred by December 12, 2022, the Company was required to issue Mr. DeVito 240,000
 pre-split shares. In addition, the parties agreed that no further continuous service is required pursuant to Section 2
of the DeVito Release. Pursuant to the agreement, on January 4, 2023, the Company issued 240,000 split-adjusted shares of common stock
to Mr. DeVito. The issuance of these shares was exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act by virtue of Section
4(a)(2) thereof, as transactions by an issuer not involving a public offering. 

On
December 28, 2022, the Company issued the December 2022 Promissory Note. Pursuant to the December 2022 Promissory Note, the Company agreed
to issue warrants to purchase common stock equal to 1,500,000 with the same terms as any warrants issued in the Company s next
financing round and will be immediately exercisable. Default in the payment of principal or interest or other material covenant under
the note triggers a default penalty equal to 0.666 of 750,000 per month during the period of default, and other lender rights, including
the demand of immediate payment of all amounts due including accrued but unpaid interest, and recovery of all costs, fees including attorney s
fees and disbursements, and expenses relating to collection and enforcement of the promissory note. 

All
of the securities referenced in the above listed transactions were issued in transactions that were exempt from the registration requirements
of the Securities Act under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and/or Rule 506 of Regulation D or Regulation S promulgated thereunder. 

Repurchases
of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

We
did not purchase any of our registered securities during the period covered by this Annual Report. 

50 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

See
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans. 

ITEM
6. [RESERVED] 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The
following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read together with our consolidated
financial statements and related notes appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Some of the information contained in this
discussion and analysis or set forth elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including information with respect to our plans and
strategy for our business and financing needs, includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties and should be
read together with Item 1A. Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a discussion of important factors
that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results described in or implied by the forward-looking statements contained
in the following discussion and analysis. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking
statements as a result of various factors, including those discussed below and elsewhere in this Annual Report and in other reports we
file with the SEC, particularly those under Item 1A. Risk Factors . 

Overview 

Marizyme
is a multi-technology biomedical company dedicated to the accelerated development and commercialization of medical technologies that
improve patient health outcomes. 

Key
elements of our strategy include: 

Commercialize
 DuraGraft and related products . Continue (i) the distribution of DuraGraft, in Europe and other countries that accept the
 CE marking and (ii) the development, regulatory approval and commercialization of DuraGraft in the United States. We filed a pre-submission
 letter for DuraGraft with the FDA in November 2021 and we submitted the De Novo request for DuraGraft to the FDA on January 3, 2023. 

Commercialize
 MATLOC 1 and related products. Complete the integration of our UACR lab-on-chip technology with our point-of-care MATLOC
 1 device for FDA approval and commercialization. MATLOC 1 is expected to be used as a screening device to test those at risk of CKD
 to slow the progression of the disease. Following our development of MATLOC 1, we intend to develop MATLOC 2, which will incorporate
 eGFR lab-on-chip technology and allow for a full quantitative CKD diagnosis at point-of-care. 

Commercialize
 Krillase and related products . Begin to commercialize our Krillase platform through the development of (i) various Krillase-based
 products and (ii) potential strategic partnerships for these products. 

Develop
 MAR-FG-001 fat grafting technology and products . Continue with the development of MAR-FG-001 to validate its protective abilities
 and its improvements to the retention of fat volume. 

Acquire
 more life science assets . Expand our product portfolio through the identification and acquisition of additional life science
 assets. 

Our
net loss was approximately 38.17 million and 11.0 million for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We expect
to incur significant expenses and operating losses over the next several years. Accordingly, we will need additional financing to support
our continuing operations. We will seek to fund our operations through public or private equity offerings, debt financings, government
or other third-party funding, collaborations and licensing arrangements. Adequate additional financing may not be available to us on
acceptable terms, or at all. Our failure to raise capital as and when needed would impact our going concern and would have a negative
impact on our financial condition and our ability to pursue our business strategy and continue as a going concern. We will need to generate
significant revenues to achieve profitability, and we may never do so. 

Our
three primary products and medical devices, DuraGraft, MATLOC and Krillase, and other aspects of our business, are described in the section
 Item 1 - Business of this Annual Report. 

51 

Impact
of COVID-19 Pandemic 

The
Company has been impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic and related supply chain shortages and other economic conditions, and some of its
earlier plans to further diversify its operations and expand its operating subsidiaries were delayed as a result. During 2021 and the
first two quarters of 2022, the impact of COVID-19 on the Company s supply chain and its ability to produce DuraGraft inventory
was a primary reason that we did not generate substantial revenue from sales of DuraGraft during 2021 and 2022. There can be no assurance
that future supply chain and other problems due to COVID-19 outbreaks will not adversely impact our revenues. 

In
addition, the Company is dependent upon certain contract manufacturers and suppliers and their ability to reliably and efficiently fulfill
its orders is critical to the Company s business success. The COVID-19 pandemic has impacted and may continue to impact certain
of the Company s manufacturers and suppliers. As a result, the Company has faced and may continue to face delays or difficulty
sourcing certain products, which could negatively affect the Company s business and financial results. 

While
it is not possible at this time to estimate the total impact that COVID-19 could have on our business in the future, the continued spread
of COVID-19 and variants of the virus, the rate of vaccinations regionally and globally and the measures taken by the government authorities,
and any future epidemic disease outbreaks, could: Disrupt the supply chain and the manufacture or shipment of products and supplies for
use by us in our research activities and by strategic partners for their distribution and sales activities; delay, limit or prevent us
in our research activities and strategic partners in their distribution and sales activities; impede our negotiations with strategic
partners; impede testing, monitoring, data collection and analysis and other related activities by us; interrupt or delay the operations
of the FDA or other regulatory authorities, which may impact review and approval timelines for initiation of clinical trials or marketing;
or impede the launch or commercialization of any approved products; any of which could delay our strategic partnership plans, increase
our operating costs, and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Principal
Factors Affecting Our Financial Performance 

Our
operating results are primarily affected by the following factors: 

our
 ability to generate revenue from sales of our products; 

our
 ability to obtain FDA approval for our products; 

our
 ability to access additional capital and the size and timing of subsequent financings, if any; 

the
 costs of acquiring and utilizing data, technology, and/or intellectual property to successfully reach our goals and to remain competitive; 

personnel
 and facilities costs in any region in which we seek to introduce and market our products; 

the
 costs of sales, marketing, and customer acquisition; 

the
 average price for our products that will be paid by consumers; 

the
 number of our products ordered per quarter; 

costs
 to manufacture our products; 

the
 costs of compliance with any unforeseen regulatory obstacles or governmental mandates in any states or countries in which we seek
 to operate; and 

the
 costs of any additional clinical studies which are deemed necessary for us to remain viable and competitive in any region of the
 world. 

52 

Smaller
Reporting Company 

We
are a smaller reporting company as defined in Rule 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage
of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We
will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our shares held by non-affiliates
equals or exceeds 250 million as of the prior June 30 th , or (2) our annual revenues equaled or exceeded 100 million during
such completed fiscal year and the market value of our shares held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700 million as of the prior June
30 th . 

Key
Highlights of Fiscal Year 2022 

Financing 

Units
Private Placement 

During
fiscal year 2022, the Company continued to offer units consisting of convertible promissory notes and warrants (the Units Private
Placement ), with the intent to raise up to 10,000,000 on a rolling basis. During 2022, the Company issued units in the total
principal amount of 7,315,138, of which the Company received 6,696 ,460 in gross cash proceeds. The proceeds from the Units Private
Placement were used to settle certain debt obligations and will be used to sustain the Company s growth and meet its capital obligations.
For a further description of the Units Private Placement, please see Liquidity and Capital Resources Units Private
Placement below. 

December
2022 Promissory Note 

On
December 28, 2022, the Company issued the December 2022 Promissory Note to Hexin for the principal amount of 750,000 bearing interest
at the annual rate of 20 per annum, due June 28, 2023. Pursuant to the December 2022 Promissory Note, the Company agreed to issue warrants
to purchase common stock equal to 1,500,000 with the same terms as any warrants issued in the Company s next financing round and
which will be immediately exercisable. Default in the payment of principal or interest or other material covenant under the note triggers
a default penalty equal to 0.666 of 750,000 per month during the period of default, and other lender rights, including the demand of
immediate payment of all amounts due including accrued but unpaid interest, and recovery of all costs, fees including attorney s
fees and disbursements, and expenses relating to collection and enforcement of the promissory note. 

Changes
in Capitalization 

First
Reverse Stock Split and Decrease in Authorized Shares 

On
August 1, 2022, the board of directors of the Company adopted resolutions authorizing the First Reverse Stock Split). In accordance with
such board approval, on August 3, 2022, the Company filed the First Certificate of Change with the Nevada Secretary of State, which provided
for the First Reverse Stock Split. Pursuant to NRS Section 78.209(3), the First Certificate of Change became effective at the First Certificate
of Change Effective Time. See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
 Recent Developments Second Reverse Stock Split, First Forward Stock Split, Second Forward Stock Split, and Consolidated
Reverse Stock Split for discussion of related subsequent developments. 

Board
and Stockholder Approval of Increase in Stock Incentive Plan, the Authorized Capital Increase, and Other Meeting Proposals 

In
meetings held on August 26, 2022 and August 30, 2022 and a unanimous written consent executed as of October 21, 2022, the
Company s board of directors adopted resolutions authorizing, and empowering the Company s officers to take all such
further actions as were necessary, proper, or advisable to carry out, among other matters, (a) the increase in the number of shares
of common stock reserved for issuance pursuant to the SIP from 5,300,000 to 7,200,000; (b) the election of the directors to the
board of directors; and (c) the Authorized Capital Increase. The board of directors directed that the Company hold our 2022 Annual
Meeting of Shareholders (the Annual Meeting on December 27, 2022 in order to consider and vote on proposals to
approve or ratify such actions. 

On
December 27, 2022, at the Annual Meeting, each of the proposals described above, including the Authorized Capital Increase, were approved
by the required number of votes of the Company s stockholders. Accordingly, on December 30, 2022, the Company filed the Certificate
of Amendment with the Nevada Secretary of State, which became effective at the Certificate of Amendment Effective Time. 

October
2022 Letter Agreement 

The
FINRA Staff determined that certain securities previously received by each of Univest and Bradley Richmond, a registered representative
of Univest, in connection with the following transactions with us constituted underwriting compensation in connection with the Company s
proposed public offering pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110, based on the FINRA Staff s interpretation of such rule: (a) our Units Private
Placement conducted between May 2021 and August 2022, (b) the My Health Logic acquisition, (c) a consulting agreement that we entered
into with Mr. Richmond in September 2020, and (d) a stock option exercisable for 273,750 shares of common stock received by Mr. Richmond
from one of our former executives in March 2022 in exchange for Mr. Richmond s payment of 25,000 to the former executive. Consequently,
each of Univest and Mr. Richmond, pursuant to a letter agreement entered into with us, dated October 28, 2022, addressed and submitted
to the FINRA Staff (the October 2022 Letter Agreement ), agreed to forego their applicable rights to an aggregate of 1,435,073
shares of common stock beneficially owned by them collectively (including shares of common stock and shares of common stock issuable
upon exercise and conversion, as applicable, of warrants, convertible notes and a stock option), which were issued pursuant to the transactions
listed above. Pursuant to the October 2022 Letter Agreement, the parties thereto agreed that the cancellation or disposal of the aforementioned
securities shall be without recourse by either Univest or Mr. Richmond. Each of Univest and Mr. Richmond strongly disagrees with the
FINRA Staff s interpretation and application of FINRA Rule 5110 to the securities described in the October 2022 Letter Agreement. 

53 

As
the result of extinguishment of obligations under the cancelled convertible notes, warrants and shares that were previously issued to
Mr. Richmond and Univest, the Company recorded 338,181 gain on debt extinguishment and 3,000 gain on cancellation of shares of common
stock in the consolidated statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Corporate
Governance Changes 

During
2022, the board of directors of the Company was increased from five to seven members and a new chair of the Audit Committee was appointed
that the board determined to be an audit committee financial expert as defined under Item 407(d)(5)(ii) and (iii) of Regulation
S-K. The board also restructured its committees and established or reestablished an Audit Committee, a Compensation Committee, and a
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. The board also adopted a committee charter for the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee,
and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. Each of these charters is available on our website at https://www.marizyme.com. 

Recent
Developments 

Second
Reverse Stock Split, First Forward Stock Split, Second Forward Stock Split, and Consolidated Reverse Stock Split 

On
January 3, 2023, the board of directors of the Company adopted resolutions authorizing the Second Reverse Stock Split in order to, together
with the First Reverse Split, effect an aggregate one (1) for fifteen (15) reverse stock split. In accordance with such board approval,
on January 5, 2023, the Second Certificate of Change was filed with the Nevada Secretary of State, which provided for the Second Reverse
Stock Split. Pursuant to NRS Section 78.209(3), the Second Certificate of Change became effective at the Second Certificate of Change
Effective Time. 

The
Company submitted a request to FINRA to process and announce each of the First Reverse Stock Split and Second Reverse Stock Split on
FINRA s Daily List of issuer corporate actions in accordance with FINRA Rule 6490. In order to address FINRA s issuer corporate
action processing requirements, and as authorized by the resolutions of our board of directors as adopted on August 1, 2022 and January
3, 2023, on January 13, 2023, the Third Certificate of Change, Fourth Certificate of Change and Fifth Certificate of Change was each
filed by the Company with the Nevada Secretary of State. These filings provided for two forward stock splits of the authorized and issued
and outstanding common stock at the same ratios as the First Reverse Stock Split and Second Reverse Stock Split followed by a reverse
stock split at their combined ratio. These filings were made in order for us to amend the Company s request for FINRA to process
the First Reverse Stock Split and Second Reverse Stock Split in aggregate to request that FINRA process the Consolidated Reverse Stock
Split in accordance with FINRA s issuer corporate action processing requirements. The Third Certificate of Change provided for
the First Forward Stock Split, and became effective at the Third Certificate of Change Effective Time, pursuant to NRS Section 78.209(3).
The Fourth Certificate of Change provided for the Second Forward Stock Split, and became effective at the Fourth Certificate of Change
Effective Time, pursuant to NRS Section 78.209(3). The Fifth Certificate of Change provided for the decrease of the authorized common
stock from 300,000,000 to 20,000,000 and corresponding change of every fifteen (15) shares of the issued and outstanding common stock
to one (1) share, and became effective at the Fifth Certificate of Change Effective Time, pursuant to NRS Section 78.209(3). 

The
processing of the effects of the Consolidated Reverse Stock Split on the number of shares held by each stockholder according to transfer
agent or brokerage firm records and the reported price of the common stock will occur at the Public Adjustment Time, which will be subject
to the listing of the common stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market tier of Nasdaq and completion of FINRA s issuer corporate action
processing requirements. The listing of the common stock on Nasdaq remains subject to approval by Nasdaq of our listing application.
The outcome of these matters cannot be determined at this time. Assuming that Nasdaq approves the listing of the common stock, it is
anticipated that the Public Adjustment Time will occur after market close on the trading date prior to the first date of trading on Nasdaq.
At that time, the number of shares of common stock held by each stockholder as reflected in the records of the Company s transfer
agent or the stockholder s brokerage firm records will be reduced by 1,500 to reflect the processing of the Consolidated Reverse
Stock Split. At market open the following trading day, which as anticipated will be the first day that the common stock trades on Nasdaq,
the price of the common stock will reflect a 1,500 increase as a result of the processing of the Consolidated Reverse Stock Split. The
common stock will trade on Nasdaq under its current ticker symbol, MRZM, but will trade under a new CUSIP Number, 570372
201. The Company also intends to file a Current Report on Form 8-K reporting FINRA s announcement of the Consolidated Reverse Stock
Split and related material matters. 

54 

No
fractional shares will be issued, and no cash or scrip will be paid in connection with the First Reverse Stock Split, the Second Reverse
Stock Split, the First Forward Stock Split, the Second Forward Stock Split, or the Consolidated Reverse Stock Split. One whole share
of common stock is issuable to any stockholder who would otherwise receive a fractional share pursuant to the First Certificate of Change
or the Second Certificate of Change. No fractional shares were anticipated to become issuable pursuant to the Third Certificate
of Change, the Fourth Certificate of Change, or the Fifth Certificate of Change. At the Public Adjustment Time, certain stockholders
whose shares are converted at the Consolidated Reverse Stock Split ratio may receive one fewer whole share in lieu of fractional shares
than such stockholders would have received in lieu of fractional shares from the separate rounding at different effective dates and times
of post-split fractional shares provided for by the First Certificate of Change and Second Certificate of Change as compared to the adjustment
to shares held by such stockholders at the time of the Public Adjustment Time. Following the Public Adjustment Time, any claim to an
additional whole share issuable pursuant to the First Certificate of Change and the Second Certificate of Change of any stockholder will
be addressed on a case-by-case basis upon receipt of a written notice of such claim submitted by the stockholder with supporting documentation
to the Company at the following address: Attn: Secretary, Marizyme, Inc., 555 Heritage Drive, Suite 205, Jupiter, Florida 33458. 

January
2023 Letter Agreement 

Under
a Letter Agreement between the Company and Univest as placement agent for the investors in the Units Private Placement, dated January
12, 2023 (the January 2023 Letter Agreement ), the parties agreed that simultaneously with any adjustment to the exercise
price under the Class C Warrants as a result of any equity issuances, not including qualified financings and certain other exempt issuances,
the number of shares of common stock that may be purchased under the Class C Warrants will be increased such that the aggregate exercise
price of such shares will be the same as the aggregate exercise price in effect immediately prior to the adjustment, without regard to
any limitations on exercise contained in the Class C Warrants, including the beneficial ownership limitation described above. The January
2023 Letter Agreement was conditioned upon approval by the board of directors by January 31, 2023 and the filing of a Current Report
on Form 8-K relating to the transactions and amendments contained in the Letter Agreement. The board of directors approved the January
2023 Letter Agreement on January 18, 2023. 

February
2023 Promissory Note 

On
February 6, 2023, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement (the February 2023 Securities Purchase Agreement with Walleye, pursuant to which the Company issued the February 2023 Promissory Note in the aggregate principal amount of 1,000,000
(the February 2023 Subscription Amount and a Class D Common Stock Purchase Warrant (the February 2023 Warrant to purchase up to a number of shares of the Company s common stock equal to the quotient of 250 of the February 2023 Subscription
Amount divided by the price per unit at which units are sold in the Company s proposed public offering (the February 2023
Warrant Shares ). 

The
principal amount of the February 2023 Promissory Note must be repaid in full by the Company to the holder of the February 2023 Promissory
Note on or before the date that is 90 days following the issuance of the February 2023 Promissory Note, or May 7, 2023 (the February
2023 Promissory Note Maturity Date ). If all obligations arising under the February 2023 Promissory Note are not paid or otherwise
satisfied in full on the February 2023 Promissory Note Maturity Date, then the principal amount of the February 2023 Promissory Note
shall be increased from 1,000,000 to 1,250,000. The February 2023 Promissory Note bears no interest. If an event constituting an event
of default under the February 2023 Promissory Note occurs, including non-payment, defaults of covenants, an adverse judgment for payment
of 500,000 or more, defaults on certain other indebtedness, bankruptcy-type events, or failure to maintain directors and officers insurance
coverage of at least 1,000,000, and such event of default is not cured with the period specified, the obligations of the Company under
the February 2023 Promissory Note will become subject to immediate repayment obligations. The February 2023 Promissory Note may be assigned. 

The
February 2023 Warrant shall be exercisable immediately upon the date (the Public Offering Date that the registration statement
on Form S-1 of the Company (Registration No. 333-262697) registering the units to be issued in the Company s proposed public offering
of the Company (the Public Offering Registration Statement is declared effective by the SEC and may be exercised until
the date that is five years after the Public Offering Date (the Termination Date ). The exercise price of the February 2023
Warrant (the February 2023 Warrant Exercise Price will be equal to the public offering price per unit at which units are
sold under the Public Offering Registration Statement. The February 2023 Warrant provides for voluntary cashless exercise if at the time
of exercise thereof there is no effective registration statement registering, or the prospectus contained therein is not available for
the issuance of, the February 2023 Warrant Shares to the February 2023 Warrant holder, and provides for automatic cashless exercise upon
the Termination Date if the February 2023 Warrant is not otherwise exercised. The February 2023 Warrant holder may not exercise the February
2023 Warrant to the extent that the February 2023 Warrant holder (together with its Affiliates (as defined by the February 2023 Warrant))
would beneficially own in excess of 4.99 of the number of shares of common stock outstanding, as such percentage ownership is determined
in accordance with the terms of the February 2023 Warrant (the Beneficial Ownership Limit ). The February 2023 Warrant holder
may increase the Beneficial Ownership Limit to any other percentage not in excess of 9.99 , provided that any increase in such percentage
shall not be effective until 61 days following notice from the February 2023 Warrant holder. The number of February 2023 Warrant Shares,
the February 2023 Warrant Exercise Price and other terms of the February 2023 Warrant are subject to customary adjustments upon the occurrence
of certain corporate events subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limit to the extent specified. The Company may also voluntarily reduce
the February 2023 Warrant Exercise Price to any amount and for any period of time deemed appropriate by the board of directors of the
Company subject to the prior written consent of the February 2023 Warrant holder. The February 2023 Warrant is transferable but may only
be disposed of in compliance with state and federal securities laws pursuant to the February 2023 Securities Purchase Agreement. The
February 2023 Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of the February 2023 Warrant, if not registered, will also have restrictions
upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws. 

55 

Pursuant
to the February 2023 Securities Purchase Agreement, the Company shall promptly, but in any event no later than 90 days following the
Public Offering Date, prepare and file with the SEC a registration statement covering the resale of the February 2023 Warrant Shares
(the Resale Registration Statement ). The Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to have the Resale Registration
Statement declared effective as soon as practicable after filing thereof but in no event later than the date that is 120 days following
the Public Offering Date. After the Resale Registration Statement is declared effective, the Company shall continue to keep the Resale
Registration Statement effective until the Warrant Shares may be resold pursuant to Rule 144 under the Securities Act, or have been sold. 

The
February 2023 Securities Purchase Agreement and the February 2023 Promissory Note contain customary representations and warranties and
customary covenants for a loan of this kind. The February 2023 Promissory Note is unsecured and is subordinated in right of payment to
the prior payment in full of all senior indebtedness. For purposes of the February 2023 Promissory Note, senior indebtedness 
means all indebtedness of the Company to banks, insurance companies and other financial institutions or funds, unless in the instrument
creating or evidencing such indebtedness it is provided that such indebtedness is not senior in right of payment to the February 2023
Promissory Note. Subject to the other subordination provisions of the February 2023 Promissory Note, the February 2023 Promissory Note
provides that in the event that the holder of any senior indebtedness accelerates such senior indebtedness , then the February 2023 Promissory
Note holder may accelerate the indebtedness evidenced by the February 2023 Promissory Note, and if the Company is permitted under the
terms of the senior indebtedness to pay an amount due and owing under the February 2023 Promissory Note and fails to make such payment,
then so long as the terms of the senior indebtedness do not prohibit such action, the February 2023 Promissory Note holder may exercise
its rights to be paid such amount, but only such amount (and the February 2023 Promissory Note holder shall not be permitted to accelerate
under the February 2023 Promissory Note). 

DeVito
Settlement Agreement 

Under
a Confidential Settlement Agreement, dated November 18, 2022 (the DeVito Settlement Agreement ), the Company and Mr.
DeVito agreed that Mr. DeVito would dismiss the DeVito Complaint. The parties also agreed that following an anticipated reverse
split, the Company was required to issue Mr. DeVito 60,000 post-split (giving effect to the First Reverse Stock Split
and prior to the Second Reverse Stock Split, First Forward Stock Split, Second Forward Stock Split, and Consolidated Reverse Stock
Split) shares to be delivered in paper certificate form within three (3) business days of the reverse split. The DeVito Settlement
Agreement further provided that the delivered shares would be subject to normal and customary restrictions pursuant to Rule 144 of
the SEC. In the event no split occurred by December 12, 2022, the Company was required to issue Mr. DeVito 240,000
 pre-split shares. In addition, the parties agreed that no further continuous service is required pursuant to Section 2
of the DeVito Release. Pursuant to the agreement, on January 4, 2023, the Company issued 240,000 shares of common stock to Mr.
DeVito. 

Results
of Operations 

Components
of Results of Operations 

Revenue 

Revenue
represents gross product sales less service fees and product returns. For our distribution partner channel, we recognize revenue for
product sales at the time of delivery of the product to our distribution partner. As our products have an expiration date, if a product
expires, we will replace the product at no charge. Currently, all of our revenue is generated from the sale of DuraGraft in European
and Asian markets where the product has the required regulatory approvals. 

Direct
Costs of Revenue 

Direct
costs of revenue include primarily product costs, which include all costs directly related to the purchase of raw materials, charges
from our contract manufacturing organizations, and manufacturing overhead costs, as well as shipping and distribution charges. Direct
costs of revenue also include losses from excess, slow-moving or obsolete inventory and inventory purchase commitments, if any. 

Research
and Development 

All
research and development costs are expensed in the period incurred and consist primarily of salaries, payroll taxes, and employee benefits,
those individuals involved in research and development efforts, external research and development costs incurred under agreements with
contract research organizations and consultants to conduct and support the Company s ongoing clinical trials of DuraGraft, and
costs related to manufacturing DuraGraft for clinical trials. The Company has entered into various research and development contracts
with various organizations and other companies. 

56 

Professional
Fees 

Professional
fees include legal fees relating to intellectual property development, due diligence and corporate matters, and consulting fees for accounting,
finance, and valuation services. Professional fees paid to a related party relate to certain consulting services. We anticipate increased
expenses related to audit, legal, regulatory, and tax-related services associated with maintaining compliance with SEC requirements,
and with listing and maintaining compliance with Nasdaq. 

Salaries
and Stock-Based Compensation 

Salaries
consist of compensation and related personnel costs. Stock-based compensation represents the fair value of equity-settled share awards
on stock options granted by the Company to its employees, officers, directors, and consultants. The fair value of awards is calculated
using the Black-Scholes option pricing model, which considers the following factors: exercise price, current market price of the underlying
shares, expected life, risk-free interest rate, expected volatility, dividend yield, and forfeiture rate. 

Other
General and Administrative Expenses 

Other
general and administrative expenses consist principally of marketing and selling expenses, facility costs, administrative and office
expenses, director and officer insurance premiums, and investor relations costs associated with operating a public company. 

Other
Income (Expenses 

Other
income and expenses consist of mark-to-market adjustments on contingent liabilities assumed on the acquisition of the Somahlution Assets,
interest and accretion expenses related to our Convertible Notes, impairment of intangible assets, gain on debt extinguishment, and cancellation
of common stock pursuant to the October 2022 Letter Agreement. 

Comparison
of the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

The
following table summarizes our results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 Change 

Revenue 
 233,485 
 210,279 
 23,206 
 
 Cost of goods sold 
 54,319 
 80,354 
 (26,035 
 
 Gross profit 
 179,166 
 129,925 
 49,241 
 
 Operating expenses: 

Direct costs of revenue 

Professional fees (includes related party amounts of 172,800 and 410,400, respectively) 
 2,082,079 
 2,269,756 
 (187,677 
 
 Salary expenses 
 2,421,969 
 2,887,309 
 (465,340 
 
 Research and development 
 3,978,826 
 1,681,899 
 2,296,927 
 
 Stock-based compensation 
 1,905,948 
 898,444 
 1,007,504 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 841,444 
 43,871 
 797,573 
 
 Impairment of intangible assets 
 24,350,000 
 - 
 24,350,000 
 
 Other general and administrative expenses 
 1,922,696 
 1,170,029 
 752,667 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 37,502,962 
 8,951,308 
 28,551,654 
 
 Total operating loss 
 (37,323,796 
 (8,821,383 
 (28,502,413 

Other income (expenses): 

Interest and accretion expense 
 (2,789,255 
 (126,024 
 (2,663,231 
 
 Change in fair value of contingent liabilities 
 1,606,000 
 (1,387,000 
 2,993,000 
 
 Gain/(loss) on debt extinguishment 
 338,181 
 (663,522 
 1,001,703 
 
 Other income 
 3,000 
 - 
 3,000 
 
 Total other income (expense) 
 (842,074 
 (2,176,546 
 1,334,472 

Net loss 
 (38,165,870 
 (10,997,929 
 (27,167,941 

Revenue 

We
recognized revenue of approximately 0.23 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to approximately 0.21 million for the
year ended December 31, 2021. The relatively insignificant change year over year was primarily due to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic
on the Company s supply chain and ability to produce DuraGraft inventory in fiscal year 2021. The Company s inventory production
of DuraGraft returned to its pre-pandemic level at the end of the second quarter of 2022, but lingering effects of the pandemic continued
to depress demand for DuraGraft. 

Direct
Costs of Revenue 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, we incurred approximately 0.05 million in direct costs of revenue, representing a decrease of 0.03
million, or 32.4 , compared to approximately 0.08 million in direct costs of revenue incurred during the year ended December 31, 2021.
 During the second half of 2022, our executive and management teams efforts to re-establish the Company s business
relationships with its trusted manufacturing and distribution partners, and the loosening of COVID-19 restrictions, led to a decrease
in direct costs of revenue. 

57 

Professional
Fees 

Professional
fees decreased by 0.19 million, or 8.3 , to approximately 2.08 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to approximately
 2.27 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease predominantly relates to higher professional fees incurred in the prior
comparative year due to the acquisition of My Health Logic in December 2021 and regulatory and valuation work related to the Somahlution
and My Health Logic acquisitions. The professional fees expense remained elevated, however, due to the Company s continuing efforts
to grow its business and commercialize its three main products and list its securities on Nasdaq. Related party professional fees increased
by approximately 0.20 million or 49 to 0.61 million from 0.41 million during the fiscal 2022 compared to the fiscal 2021 because
the Company retained additional consulting services in order to advance development of its medical technologies. 

Salary
Expenses 

Salary
expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 were approximately 2.42 million, a 0.47 million, or 16.1 , decrease, from approximately
 2.89 million in the comparative year. The decrease in the cost is attributable to the restructuring in the prior comparative period
from the restructuring of the Company s executive and management teams in 2021. 

Research
and Development Expenses 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, Marizyme incurred approximately 3.98 million in research and development expenses compared to approximately
 1.69 million in the previous year ended December 31, 2021, or 136.6 more than the previous year. The increase in research and development
expenses can be attributed to the Company s acquisition of MATLOC 1 assets in late 2021 and its intensified focus on development
and advancement of DuraGraft, Krillase, and MATLOC 1 towards commercialization during 2022. 

Stock-Based
Compensation 

Stock-based
compensation increased to approximately 1.91 million in fiscal 2022 from approximately 0.90 million in fiscal year 2021, which represents
112.1 increase year over year. The increase in stock-based compensation was due to a higher weighted average number of options outstanding
and not fully vested in fiscal 2022 compared to fiscal 2021 as well as 0.3 million of compensation cost recognized on restricted share
awards during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Depreciation
and Amortization 

Depreciation
and amortization increased by approximately 0.80 million, or 1,818.0 , to 0.84 million in the year ended December 31, 2022 compared
to approximately 0.44 million in the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was due to the initial amortization in 2022
of the intangible capital assets that were acquired in December 2021 with the My Health Logic acquisition, and the increase in amortization
 of the Somahlution Assets beginning in 2022 following their valuation in the second half of 2021. 

Impairment
of intangible assts 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized impairment loss of 24.35 million related to Krillase intangible assets carrying
value exceeding its recoverable amount. 

Other
General and Administrative Expenses 

Other
general and administrative expenses increased 0.75 million, or 64.3 , to approximately 1.92 million during the year ended December
31, 2022 from approximately 1.17 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. The majority of the increase in expenses during the
year ended December 31, 2022 was due to the Company s non-legal fees related to preparation for the Company s proposed public
offering throughout 2022. 

Other
Income (Expenses) 

During the year
ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred approximately 2.79 million of interest and accretion expenses compared to 2021, or
 2.66 million, or 2,113.3 , in greater interest and accretion expenses than the approximately 0.13 million in interest and
accretion expenses incurred in 2021. The increase in interest and accretion expenses was primarily due to approximately 2.76
million in accretion expenses in 2022 compared to accretion expenses of approximately 0.09 million in 2021. Accretion expense refers to an amount recognized as an expense classified as an operating item in the
statement of income resulting from the increase in the carrying amount of the liability associated with the asset retirement
obligation. During 2022 and 2021, the Convertible Notes were issued with a debt discount of approximately 6.5 million and
approximately 6.8 million, respectively. Debt discount is defined as the difference between the net proceeds, after
expense, received upon issuance of debt and the amount repayable at its maturity. Accretion expense tends to increase with the
passage of time while interest expense remains relatively flat year over year. 

58 

The
fair value of contingent liabilities changed from approximately (1.39 million) in 2021 to approximately 1.61 million in 2022. The change
in fair value was due to a change in the valuation assumptions used to calculate the value of royalties, performance warrants,
and pediatric voucher sales liabilities issued as part of the Somahlution acquisition. 

As
a result of extinguishment of obligations under Mr. Richmond s and Univest s Convertible Notes and Class C Warrants pursuant
to the October 2022 Letter Agreement, the Company recorded approximately 0.34 million gain on debt extinguishment for the year ended
December 31, 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2021, due to the substantial reduction of the purchase and conversion price terms
of the convertible notes and related modifications to the Units Private Offering agreements in December 2021, the Company
recorded a loss of approximately 0.66 million on the extinguishment of the convertible notes issued as part of the Units Private Placement. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

To
date, we have incurred significant net losses and negative cash flows from operations. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had available
cash of approximately 0.51 million and 4.07 million, respectively, and accumulated deficit of 85.99 million and 47.82 million respectively.
We fund our operations through capital raises. 

Units
Private Placement 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued 4,180,067 units in the Units Private Placement for gross proceeds of approximately
 7.3 million. Of the total 4,180,067 units issued: (i) 159,243 units were issued to settle notes payable assumed on acquisition of My
Health Logic, (ii) 22,857 units were issued to settle accounts payable, and 171,428 units were issued in exchange for services rendered
to the Company in the year ended December 31, 2022. The remaining proceeds from the Units Private Placement have been used to sustain the Company s
growth and meet its capital obligations. 

In
May 2021, the Company entered into a placement agency agreement with Univest, as placement agent, to conduct a private placement of secured
convertible promissory notes together with two classes of warrants to purchase shares of common stock, directly to one or more investors
through Univest, as placement agent. On May 27, 2021, in connection with the private placement, the Company entered into a unit purchase
agreement with several investors, under which it agreed to offer, in one or more closings, units at a price per unit of 2.50, comprised
of, (i) a 10 secured convertible promissory note, with principal and accrued interest convertible into common stock at an initial price
per share of 2.50, subject to adjustment, maturing in two years; (ii) a warrant to purchase a share of common stock (the Class
A Warrants ), at a price per share of the lower of (i) 3.13 per share of common stock, or (ii) the lesser of (a) 75 of the cash
price per share to be paid by the purchasers in an equity financing with a gross aggregate amount of securities sold of not less than
 10,000,000 (a qualified financing ), provided that the Company is listed on a trading market that is a senior exchange
such as Nasdaq or the NYSE at the time of such financing, and (b) 2.50, subject to adjustment; and (iii) a Class B Common Stock Purchase
Warrant to purchase one share of common stock (the Class B Warrants ), with an exercise price of 5.00 per share, subject
to adjustment. 

From
May 2021 to July 2021, the Company sold units in the Units Private Placement for aggregate gross proceeds of 1,174,945. 

As
of November 29, 2021, the Company and the existing unit holders agreed that (i) the price per unit for subsequent sales of units in the
Units Private Placement would be reduced from 2.50 per unit to 2.25 per unit, (ii) the conversion price of the outstanding and subsequent
convertible notes would be reduced from 2.50 per share to 2.25 per share, (iii) all outstanding Class A Warrants and Class B Warrants
would be cancelled and replaced with Class C Common Stock Purchase Warrants Class C Warrants ), allowing the purchase of
the same total amount of shares as had been provided for under the cancelled warrants, and (iv) future units would be comprised of the
modified convertible notes and Class C Warrants for the purchase of two shares per unit at the warrants exercise price. As modified,
the Convertible Notes provided that in the event the Company consummates a qualified financing, and provided that the Company is listed
on a trading market that is a senior exchange such as Nasdaq or the NYSE and the shares into which the convertible notes may be converted
may be issued or resold under an effective registration statement, then all outstanding principal, together with all unpaid accrued interest,
under the convertible notes, would automatically convert into shares of common stock at the lesser of (i) 75 of the cash price per share
paid in the qualified financing and the otherwise applicable conversion price. In addition, if at any time following the sixty (60) day
anniversary of the final closing date or termination of this private placement, and provided there is an effective registration statement
permitting the issuance or resale of the shares of common stock into which the convertible notes may be converted, if (A) the common
stock is listed on a senior national securities exchange, (B) the daily volume-weighted average price for the prior twenty (20) consecutive
trading days is 6.00 or more (adjusted for splits and similar distributions) and (C) the daily trading volume is at least 1,000,000
during such twenty (20)-day period, then the Company would have the right to require the convertible notes to convert all or any portion
of the principal and accrued interest then remaining under the note into shares of common stock at the above conversion price in effect
on the mandatory conversion date. The Class C Warrants have an exercise price equal to the lower of (i) 2.25 per share, subject to adjustment,
or (ii) 75 of the cash price per share paid by the purchasers in a qualified financing. As a result of these changes, the Company cancelled
and exchanged an aggregate of 1,225,115 of principal and interest under the outstanding convertible notes for modified convertible notes
in the aggregate principal amount of 1,225,115, convertible into 544,492 shares of common stock, plus additional shares based on accrued
interest, and issued, in exchange for the Class A Warrants and Class B Warrants, Class C Warrants for the purchase of approximately 1,088,991
shares of common stock at 2.25 per share. 

On
December 2, 2021, the Company sold units in the Units Private Placement for aggregate gross proceeds of 222,500. 

59 

On
December 21, 2021, under certain Exchange Agreements (collectively, the November Exchange Agreements ), the Company and
the existing unit holders agreed that (i) the price per unit for subsequent sales of units in the Units Private Placement would be reduced
from 2.25 per unit to 1.75 per unit, (ii) the conversion price of the outstanding and subsequent convertible notes (the Convertible
Notes ), would be reduced from 2.25 per share to 1.75 per share, and (iii) all outstanding Class C Warrants would be cancelled
and replaced with new Class C Warrants with substantially the same terms as the previous Class C Warrants. The Convertible Notes and
Class C Warrants were also modified in this and subsequent closings to provide that a lower price per share, or more favorable terms,
respectively, under subsequent equity issuances, not including qualified financings and certain other exempt issuances, will be applicable
to the conversion or exercise rights under the Convertible Notes and Class C Warrants, respectively. As a result of these changes, the
Company cancelled and exchanged an aggregate of 1,456,039 of principal and interest under the outstanding convertible notes for new
Convertible Notes in the aggregate principal amount of 1,456,039, convertible into 832,018 shares of common stock, plus additional shares
based on accrued interest, maturing on December 21, 2023, and issued, in exchange for the previous Class C Warrants, Class C Warrants
for the purchase of 1,664,045 shares of common stock at 2.25 per share. 

Under
a modified form of Unit Purchase Agreement (the Unit Purchase Agreement ), on December 21, 2021, the Company issued and
sold to one new investor units consisting of a Convertible Note in the principal amount of 6,000,000, convertible into 3,428,571 shares
of common stock, plus additional shares based on accrued interest, and a Class C Warrant for the purchase of 6,857,142 shares of common
stock at 2.25 per share, for gross payments of 6,000,000, of which the Company received 5,402,200 after placement agent fees. This
investor also agreed to purchase an additional 2,000,000 of the units upon the Company s filing of a registration statement on
Form S-1 and a further 2,000,000 of units upon the Company s responding in a satisfactory manner to the initial round of comments
of the SEC. Although a registration statement on Form S-1 was initially filed on February 14, 2022, and on February 22, 2022, the Division
of Corporation Finance, Office of Life Sciences of the SEC issued a letter stating that there would be no review of the registration
statement and therefore no comments, the investor has not invested any additional amounts. The Company and Univest, as placement agent
for this private placement, have determined that the final closing under this private placement has occurred, as described further below,
and in accordance with the investor s Unit Purchase Agreement, this investor will not be permitted to invest any further amounts
in that financing. In July 2022, the investor executed a Waiver relating to certain subscription rights under its Unit Purchase Agreement
(the First July 2022 Waiver and a Waiver and Consent waiving its conversion rights and exercise rights under its Convertible
Note and Class C Warrant (the January 2023 Waiver ). 

On
January 24, 2022, the Company issued to two investors units consisting of Convertible Notes in the aggregate principal amount of 278,678,
convertible into 159,243 shares of common stock, plus additional shares based on accrued interest, and Class C Warrants for the purchase
of 318,490 shares of common stock at 2.25 per share. The units were sold in exchange for the assumption, cancellation, and conversion
of principal notes of My Health Logic. 

On
March 24, 2022, the Company conducted an additional closing of the Units Private Placement in which the Company issued a number of investors
units consisting of Convertible Notes in the aggregate principal amount of 3,389,975, convertible into 1,937,127 shares of common stock,
plus additional shares based on accrued interest, of which the Company received 3,118,777 after placement agent fees, and Class C Warrants
for the purchase of 3,874,258 shares of common stock at 2.25 per share. One of the investors in the March 24, 2022 closing of the Units
Private Placement agreed to purchase 4 million of units, and invested 2 million. In July 2022, the investor executed a waiver of subscription
rights under its March 24, 2022 Unit Purchase Agreement (the Second July 2022 Waiver ). The Convertible Notes in this and
subsequent closings were also modified to provide that upon the occurrence of a qualified financing, such Convertible Notes may be voluntarily,
not automatically, convertible, at the option of the holders, at the lower of 75 of the price per equity security in such financing
and the otherwise applicable conversion price. The conversion provision was also modified to remove the requirement that an effective
registration statement allow for the issuance or resale of shares of common stock into which the Convertible Notes may be converted in
order for the conversion price of the Convertible Notes to be subject to the reduction to 75 of the price per equity security in a qualified
financing. 

On
May 11, 2022, the Company conducted a closing of the Units Private Placement in which the Company issued a number of investors units
consisting of Convertible Notes in the aggregate principal amount of 1,306,485, convertible into 746,556 shares of common stock, plus
additional shares based on accrued interest, subject to adjustment, and Class C Warrants for the purchase of 1,493,127 shares of common
stock at 2.25 per share, subject to adjustment. 

On
June 17, 2022, the Company conducted a closing of the Units Private Placement in which the Company issued an investor units consisting
of a Convertible Note in the aggregate principal amount of 500,000, convertible into 285,714 shares of common stock, plus additional
shares based on accrued interest, subject to adjustment, and a Class C Warrant for the purchase of 571,428 shares of common stock at
 2.25 per share, subject to adjustment. 

On
August 12, 2022, the Company conducted the final closing of the Units Private Placement, in which the Company issued to an investor units
consisting of a Convertible Note in the aggregate principal amount of 1,500,000, convertible into 857,142 pre-stock split shares of
common stock, plus additional shares based on accrued interest, subject to adjustment, and a Class C Warrant for the purchase of 1,714,286
pre-stock split shares of common stock at 2.25 per share, subject to adjustment. 

The
Convertible Notes mature 24 months after the applicable closing date and accrue 10 of simple interest per annum on the outstanding principal
amount. The Convertible Notes principal and accrued interest can be converted at any time at the option of each holder at the
conversion price. The Convertible Notes are secured by a first priority security interest in all assets of the Company and are also subject
to a Guarantors Security Agreement (the Guarantors Security Agreement between the investors in the Units Private Placement
and Marizyme Sciences, Somaceutica, and Somahlution, Inc., a Guaranty of each of Marizyme Sciences, Somaceutica and Somahlution, Inc.
granted to the investors (the Guaranty ), a Security Agreement between the Company and each of the investors (the Security
Agreement ), a Trademark Security Agreement between the Company and each of the investors (the Trademark Security Agreement ),
and a Patent Security Agreement between the Company and each of the investors (the Patent Security Agreement ). The Convertible
Notes and Class C Warrants have certain antidilution provisions. Under a Registration Rights Agreement with each of the investors, the
Convertible Notes and Class C Warrants have certain registration requirements for the shares of common stock underlying the Convertible
Notes and Class C Warrants upon the final closing of the Units Private Placement, subject to lock-up agreements or registration rights
waiver agreements between the Units Private Placement investors or their assigns and the representative of the underwriters for the Company s
proposed public offering which also amount to waivers of such registration rights and agreements that such registration rights will be
afforded to the investors in a registration statement subsequent to the registration statement filed in connection with such proposed
public offering. 

60 

A
holder of a Convertible Note or Class C Warrant generally will not have the right to convert the Convertible Note or exercise the Class
C Warrant to the extent that the holder (together with its affiliates) would beneficially own in excess of 4.99 of the number of shares
of common stock outstanding, as such percentage ownership is determined in accordance with the terms of the Convertible Note or Class
C Warrant, or 9.99 if the holder becomes the beneficial owner of more than 4.99 of the outstanding shares of common stock not including
shares of common stock that may otherwise be received upon conversion of the Convertible Note or exercise of the Class C Warrant. An
increase of this percentage to any other percentage not in excess of 9.99 , provided that any increase in such percentage shall not be
effective until 61 days following notice from the holder to the Company. This limitation may not apply to certain antidilution provisions
of the Convertible Notes and Class C Warrants, including an adjustment to the number of warrant shares that may be purchased under the
Class C Warrants as a result of an applicable issuance of securities that does not constitute a qualified financing at
more favorable terms than were provided under the Class C Warrants. 

Under
its May 2021 placement agency agreement with Univest, the Company agreed to pay Univest a cash placement fee of 8 of units sold, 50,000
upon the receipt of 6 million from the Units Private Placement, and issue Univest, in exchange for a 100 payment by Univest, warrants
to purchase a number of shares of common stock equal to 8 of the aggregate number of units sold in the Units Private Placement, at an
exercise price per share of 100 of the price per unit. These warrants were required to be exercisable for either cash or on a cashless
basis beginning on the final closing date of the Units Private Placement and for a period of five years from that date. On December 10,
2021, the Company entered into a new placement agency agreement with Univest (the Placement Agency Agreement ), in which
the Company and Univest agreed that Univest s compensation would be changed to remove the provision for a 50,000 cash fee upon
the receipt of 6 million from the Units Private Placement, to add a provision for a cash placement fee of 8 of the gross proceeds from
the exercise of any Class C Warrants sold in the Units Private Placement, and to retain the previous placement agency agreement s
warrants compensation provision. The Placement Agency Agreement and form of Unit Purchase Agreement provided that up to 18 million and
 17 million of units may be sold, respectively. As indicated above, as of August 12, 2022, the Company had completed the final closing
of the Units Private Placement, and had issued Convertible Notes to investors in the Units Private Placement in the aggregate principal
amount of 14,431,177, convertible into 8,246,371 shares of common stock, not including additional shares issuable upon the incurrence
of interest and further adjustments provided by the terms of the Convertible Notes, and Class C Warrants that may be exercised to purchase
16,492,772 shares of common stock, not including the further adjustments provided by the terms of the Class C Warrants. 

Upon
the final closing of the Units Private Placement, the Company was required to issue warrants to Univest, as placement agent, and its
designee, to purchase an aggregate of 8.0 of the total number of units sold in the Units Private Placement for a total payment of 100.
On June 26, 2022, in anticipation of the final closing of the Units Private Placement, in exchange for 100, the Company issued Univest
a warrant for the purchase of 231,239 shares of common stock, and a warrant to Bradley Richmond, as a registered representative of Univest
who is entitled to a portion of Univest s compensation due to his employment terms, for the purchase of 347,039 shares of common
stock (the Placement Agent Warrants ). The Placement Agent Warrants had an exercise price equal to the conversion price
of the Convertible Notes. The Placement Agent Warrants were exercisable, in whole or in part, until June 26, 2027 by payment of cash
or on a cashless net exercise basis, and carried certain antidilution provisions and other exercise price adjustments that were substantially
identical to equivalent provisions of the Class C Warrants. 

Subsequently,
the FINRA Staff determined that certain securities previously received by each of Univest and Mr. Richmond in connection with the following
transactions with the Company constituted underwriting compensation in connection with the Company s proposed public offering pursuant
to FINRA Rule 5110, based on the FINRA Staff s interpretation of such rule: (a) the Units Private Placement conducted between May
2021 and August 2022, (b) the Company s December 2021 acquisition of My Health Logic, (c) a consulting agreement that the Company
entered into with Mr. Richmond in September 2020, and (d) a stock option exercisable for 273,750 shares of common stock received by Mr.
Richmond from one of the Company s former executives in March 2022. Consequently, each of Univest and Mr. Richmond, pursuant to
the October 2022 Letter Agreement, agreed to forego their applicable rights to an aggregate of 1,666,432 shares of common
stock beneficially owned by them collectively (including shares of common stock and shares of common stock issuable upon exercise and
conversion, as applicable, of warrants, convertible notes and a stock option), which were issued pursuant to the transactions listed
above. Pursuant to the October 2022 Letter Agreement, the parties thereto agreed that the cancellation or disposal of the aforementioned
securities shall be without recourse by either Univest or Mr. Richmond. As part of this agreement, the Placement Agent Warrants were
cancelled. 

Amendment
and Designees Purchase of Former Executive s Option 

On
July 13, 2019, we issued an option to purchase 1,100,000 shares of common stock at 1.01 per share vesting over 24 months to James Sapirstein,
a former officer and director of the Company, for his services on our board of directors. On April 6, 2020, Mr. Sapirstein exercised
this option in part to purchase 5,000 shares of common stock. On September 2, 2020, our board of directors resolved to immediately vest
the unvested portion of this option such that the option became fully vested. Pursuant to the option s forfeiture terms, the option
was to expire one year after Mr. Sapirstein s resignation on June 24, 2021. Under the incentive stock option agreement relating
to this option, the option was not transferable except to a designated beneficiary upon the option holder s death or by will or
the laws of descent and distribution. 

61 

On
March 3, 2022, we agreed to amend the incentive stock option agreement relating to the option to allow for it to be transferred to the
Company or its designee(s), transferee(s), or assignee(s). We and our designees further agreed to the purchase of the unexercised portion
of the option, and Mr. Sapirstein agreed to sell it to us or our designees. We and our designees agreed to pay 100,000 as the purchase
price. On March 17, 2022, each of four designated individuals, acting individually, paid 25,000 for and purchased a one-fourth portion
of the unexercised balance of the option owned by Mr. Sapirstein equal to 273,750 shares of common stock, which balance was transferred
directly to each purchaser designee. The Company recorded the changes in ownership upon proof of payment from each purchaser designee
for his respective portion of such option. We simultaneously entered into amended stock option agreements with such purchaser designees,
which provide that the exercise period of the options are extended to March 16, 2024. In all other respects, such options have the same
terms as the original fully-vested incentive stock option. The Company did not pay or receive cash or other consideration for the repurchase
and designation of the stock option. Pursuant to the October 2022 Letter Agreement entered into with us, Mr. Richmond, one of the Company s
designees for the purchase of the option, agreed to forego his rights to his option for 273,750 shares of common stock, effectively unwinding
such transaction, and we and Mr. Richmond agreed to the transfer of the option to a Company designee who is unaffiliated with Mr. Richmond,
in accordance with the FINRA Staff s interpretation of Rule 5110 (see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations Key Highlights of Fiscal Year 2022 October 2022 Letter Agreement ). 

Consultant
Warrants 

On
January 26, 2022, we granted Mr. Richmond, in his capacity as a consultant to the Company at such time, a warrant to purchase up to 150,000
shares of common stock at an exercise price of 0.01 per share, issuable immediately. On February 14, 2022, we granted Mr. Richmond an
additional warrant to purchase up to 150,000 shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of 0.01 per share. The
warrants were issued in exchange for services that Mr. Richmond rendered to us under his consulting agreement. Mr. Richmond fully exercised
both of the warrants for 300,000 shares of common stock in March 2022. Pursuant to the October 2022 Letter Agreement entered into with
the Company, Mr. Richmond agreed to forego his rights to such shares of common stock in accordance with the FINRA Staff s determination
that such shares constituted underwriting compensation in connection with this public offering based on the FINRA Staff s interpretation
of FINRA Rule 5110 (see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
Key Highlights of Fiscal Year 2022 October 2022 Letter Agreement ). 

Public
Offering 

On
February 14, 2022, Marizyme filed the initial registration statement on Form S-1 relating to the Company s proposed public
offering. As of March 24, 2023, the SEC had not declared the registration statement effective, the final prospectus had not been
filed, and the common stock had not been approved for listing on the Nasdaq Capital Market. The offering is contingent upon the
listing of our securities on the Nasdaq Capital Market. There is no guarantee or assurance that our securities will be approved for
listing on the Nasdaq Capital Market. Any proceeds from the offering will be used by the Company (i) to develop its DuraGraft,
MATLOC, and Krillase platforms; (ii) to commercialize and produce its products, (iii) repayment of indebtedness used for working
capital consisting of principal and accrued interest outstanding under the December 2022 Promissory Note and the February 2023
Promissory Note, and (iv) for general working capital and other corporate purposes. As of March 24, 2023, management anticipates,
but cannot guarantee, that the offering will close in the second quarter of 2023. 

Funding
Requirements and Other Liquidity Matters 

The
Company expects to continue to incur expenses and operating losses for the foreseeable future. We anticipate that our expenses will increase
as a result of the following operational and business development efforts: 

Increase
 our expertise and knowledge through hiring and retaining qualified operational, financial and management personnel, who are expected
 to develop an efficient infrastructure to support development and commercialization of therapies and devices; 

Increase
 in research and development and legal expenses as we continue to develop our products, conduct clinical trials and pursue FDA clearances; 

Expand
 our product portfolio through the identification and acquisition of additional life science assets; and 

Seek
 to increase awareness about our products to boost sales and distributions internationally. 

Until
such time, if ever, as we can generate substantial product revenues to support our cost structure, the Company will continue to have
to raise funds beyond its current working capital balance in order to finance future development of products, potential acquisitions,
and meet its debt obligations until such time as future profitable revenues are achieved. 

 . 

62 

We
expect to finance our cash needs through a combination of private and public equity offerings, debt financings, government or other third-party
funding, and collaborations, arrangements or acquisitions. To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of common
stock, convertible securities or other equity securities, the ownership interest of our stockholders may be materially diluted, and the
terms of these securities may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect the interests of our stockholders. Debt
financing and preferred equity financing, if available, would result in increased fixed payment obligations and may involve agreements
that include covenants limiting or restricting our ability to take specific actions, such as incurring additional debt, making capital
expenditures or declaring dividends, that could adversely impact our ability to conduct our business. Securing additional financing could
require a substantial amount of time and attention from our management and may divert a disproportionate amount of their attention away
from day-to-day activities, which may adversely affect our management s ability to oversee the development or acquisition of product. 

If
we raise additional funds through collaborations, strategic alliances or marketing, distribution, or licensing arrangements with third
parties, we may have to relinquish valuable rights to our technologies, future revenue streams, research programs or product candidates
or grant licenses on terms that may not be favorable to us. If we are unable to raise additional funds through equity or debt financings
when needed, we may be required to delay, limit, reduce or terminate our product development or future commercialization efforts or grant
rights to develop and market product candidates that we would otherwise prefer to develop and market ourselves. These factors raise substantial
doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

Cash
Flows 

The
following table sets forth a summary of the net cash flow activity for each of the periods indicated: 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 Change 
 
 Net cash provided by/(used in): 

Operating activities 
 (10,852,148 
 (5,787,095 
 (5,065,053 
 
 Investing activities 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Financing activities 
 7,290,674 
 6,956,672 
 334,002 
 
 Net change in cash 
 (3,561,474 
 1,169,577 
 (4,731,051 

Operating
Activities 

Net
cash used in operating activities was approximately 10.85 million and 5.79 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively. The net cash used in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was due to approximately 3.98 million spent
on research and development, approximately 2.42 million spent on salaries and related compensation expenses, 1.92 million in other
general and administrative expenses and approximately 2.08 million spent on professional fees. The net cash used in operating activities
for the year ended December 31, 2021 was due to approximately 2.27 million spent on professional fees, 2.89 million spent on salaries
and related compensation expenses and 1.68 million spent on research and development activities . The increase in net cash
used in operating activities in 2022 compared to 2021 was primarily due to the increase in the Company s research and development
expenses and other general and administrative expenses. 

Financing
Activities 

Net
cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was due to approximately 6.5 million of funds raised from
the issuance of convertible notes in the Units Private Placement, net of issuance costs, and 0.78 million received from the issuance
of other promissory notes, net of repayments. During 2022 the Company also repaid approximately 0.1 million in aggregate notes payable
as part of the Units Private Placement issuances and repaid approximately 0.1 million in notes payable assumed on the acquisition of
My Health Logic. Net cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 was due to 6.69 million of funds raised
from the issuance of convertible notes in the Units Private Placement, net of issuance costs, and 0.26 million obtained from issuance
of promissory notes to related parties. The increase in net cash provided by financing activities in 2022 compared to 2021 was due to
the combined increase in funds raised from the Units Private Placement and the issuance of other promissory notes. 

Contractual
Obligations and Commitments 

Royalties
and Other Commitments 

On
December 15, 2019, the Company entered into an asset purchase agreement (the Somahlution Agreement ), as amended on March
31, 2020 and May 29, 2020 to extend the termination date, with Somahlution, LLC, Somahlution, Inc., and Somaceutica, LLC (collectively,
 Somahlution to acquire the Somahlution Assets and none of the liabilities of Somahlution, including DuraGraft , a
one-time intraoperative vascular graft treatment for use in vascular and bypass surgeries that maintains endothelial function and structure,
and other related properties. 

63 

On
July 31, 2020, the Company and Somahlution entered into Amendment No. 3 to the Somahlution Agreement Amendment No. 3 and the Somahlution Agreement was finalized. Pursuant to the terms of this amendment, it was agreed that, as part of the acquisition,
the Company would acquire the outstanding capital stock of Somahlution, Inc., held by Somahlution, LLC, rather than the assets of Somahlution,
Inc., in addition to the Somahlution Assets. This change to the Somahlution Agreement was made to accommodate the EU requirements with
respect to the future manufacturing under Somahlution, Inc. of CE marked products for sale in the EU. In Amendment No. 3, the Company
agreed to assume certain payables of Somahlution related to clinical and medical expenses. The parties also orally agreed that the payments
on the assumed debts would be recorded as a prepaid royalty against future royalties. 

Pursuant
to the Somahlution Agreement and in consideration of the outstanding capital stock of Somahlution, Inc., the Company agreed to pay to
certain beneficial owner designees of Somahlution, among other consideration: 

The
 following contingent consideration upon receiving FDA final approval and insurance reimbursement approval on the products, and in
 the amounts, specified below, subject to certain expiration terms, none of which had been earned or granted as of December 31, 2022: 

DuraGraft
 products: 

Royalties
 to be paid on all net sales of the product of 6 on the first 50 million of international net sales (and 5 on the first 50 million
 of U.S. net sales), 4 for greater than 50 million up to 200 million, and 2 for greater than 200 million; 

Payment
 on a pro rata basis of 10 of the cash value of rare pediatric voucher sales following FDA approval and subsequent sale to an unaffiliated
 third party of a rare pediatric voucher based on Somahlution s DuraGraft product; 

Following
 the FDA approval and subsequent sale to an unaffiliated third party of a rare pediatric voucher based on Somahlution s DuraGraft
 product, grant of warrants on a pro rata basis to purchase an aggregate of 250,000 shares of common stock with a term of five years
 and a strike price determined based on the average of the closing prices of the common stock for the 30 calendar days following the
 date of the public announcement of FDA approval; and 

Upon
 the sale of DuraGraft products, the Company will pay pro rata the Somahlution designees 15 of the net sale proceeds towards the
 liquidation preference maximum amount of 20 million described below; 

Somahlution
 derived solid organ transplant products: 

Royalties
 to be paid on all net sales of the product of 6 on the first 50 million of international net sales, 4 for greater than 50 million
 up to 200 million, and 2 for greater than 200 million; 

Upon
 the sale of DuraGraft products, the Company will pay pro rata the Somahlution designees 15 of the net sale proceeds towards the
 liquidation preference maximum amount of 20 million described below; 

Somahlution
 Assets-derived over-the-counter products: 

Royalties
 to be paid on all net sales of the product of 6 on the first 50 million of international net sales, 4 for greater than 50 million
 up to 200 million, and 2 for greater than 200 million; 

Other
 Somahlution Assets-derived products from existing Somahlution pipelines: 

Royalties
 to be paid on all net sales of the product of 1 ; and 

A
 liquidation preference, up to a maximum of 20 million, and the Company will pay 15 of the net sale proceeds towards the liquidation
 preference maximum amount upon the sale by the Company of all or substantially all of the Somahlution Assets. 

For
additional discussion of this transaction, see Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence
 Transactions with Related Persons . 

64 

Office
and Laboratories Space Lease 

On
December 11, 2020, the Company entered into a five-and-a-half-year lease agreement for approximately 10,300 square feet of administrative
office and laboratories space, which commenced in December 2020 at a monthly rent of approximately 10,800, increasing by 2.5 annually
beginning in the second year of the lease until the end of the term. Additionally, pursuant to the agreement, the Company would pay approximately
 12,000 per month in operating expenses. 

Effective
April 1, 2022, the Company amended its lease agreement for administrative office and laboratories to add additional 3,053 square feet
of space. The monthly cost of total expended lease space is approximately 15,260 increasing to 15,641 in 2023 and will continue to
increase by 2.5 annually thereafter until the end of the term. The monthly operating expenses for total expanded premises have increased
from approximately 12,000 to 17,500 per month. The term of the lease remains unchanged. As of December 31, 2022, the remaining lease
term was 3.42 years. The lease has been classified as an operating lease. 

The
total rent expense under the lease for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 370,945 and 118,084, respectively. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, minimum lease payments in relation to lease commitments were payable as follows: 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Within 1 year 
 423,495 
 277,142 
 
 After 1 year and within 5 years 
 1,145,050 
 962,376 
 
 Total lease commitments 
 1,568,545 
 1,239,518 

We
enter into contracts in the normal course of business for our contract research services, contract manufacturing services, professional
services and other services and products for operating purposes. These contracts generally provide for termination after a notice period,
and, therefore, are cancelable contracts and not included in the discussion above. 

Promissory
Notes 

On
October 23, 2022, the Company issued a promissory note to Hub International Limited for 204,050 bearing interest at the
annual rate of 6.75 per annum, due September 23, 2023, payable monthly starting November 23, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the balance
due under the promissory note was 164,729. During 2021, a promissory note in the principal amount of 127,798 bearing interest at the annual rate of 5.22 
per annum, due August 24, 2022, payable monthly starting November 24, 2021, was issued to the same creditor and was repaid with interest
prior to entry into the note issued on October 23, 2022. 

On
October 28, 2022, following the October 2022 Letter Agreement, the Company extinguished convertible promissory notes held by Univest
and Mr. Richmond in the aggregate principal amount of 300,000, as well as related Class C Warrants. The parties agreed to forgo compensation
previously received for no consideration in exchange. 

On
December 28, 2022, the Company issued the December 2022 Promissory Note for the principal amount of 750,000 bearing interest at the
annual rate of 20 per annum, due June 28, 2023. Pursuant to the December 2022 Promissory Note, the Company agreed to issue warrants
to purchase common stock equal to 1,500,000 with the same terms as any warrants issued in the Company s next financing round and
which will be immediately exercisable. Default in the payment of principal or interest or other material covenant under the note triggers
a default penalty equal to 0.666 of 750,000 per month during the period of default, and other lender rights, including the demand of
immediate payment of all amounts due including accrued but unpaid interest, and recovery of all costs, fees including attorney s
fees and disbursements, and expenses relating to collection and enforcement of the promissory note. As of December 31, 2022, the balance
due under this note was 750,000. 

As
part of the Somahlution acquisition, Marizyme assumed an aggregate of 468,137 in notes payable. These notes were unsecured, and bore
interest at a rate of 9 per annum with no maturity date. The Company settled an aggregate of 278,678 of these notes payable as part
of the Units Private Placement issuances during the year ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the balance of the remaining
note payable was 218,100 (2021 - 469,252). 

Going
Concern 

The
Company had a net loss for the year ended December 31, 2022 of approximately 38.17 million, negative working capital as of December
31, 2022 of approximately 0.97 million, and had cash used in operations of approximately 10.85 million for the year ended December
31, 2022. Without further funding, these conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going
concern. 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with U.S. GAAP, which contemplate continuation of the
Company as a going concern and the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The ability
of the Company to continue its operations is dependent on the execution of management s plans, which include the raising of capital
through the debt and/or equity markets, until such time that funds provided by operations are sufficient to fund working capital requirements.
If the Company were not to continue as a going concern, it would likely not be able to realize its assets at values comparable to the
carrying value or the fair value estimates reflected in the balances set out in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements. 

There
can be no assurances that the Company will be successful in generating additional cash from the equity/debt markets or other sources
to be used for operations. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability of assets
and classification of assets and liabilities that might be necessary. Based on the Company s current resources, the Company will
not be able to continue to operate without additional immediate funding. Should the Company not be successful in obtaining the necessary
financing to fund its operations, the Company would need to curtail certain or all operational activities and/or contemplate the sale
of its assets, if necessary. 

The
Company has been impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic and related supply chain shortages and other economic conditions, and some of its
earlier plans to further diversify its operations and expand its operating subsidiaries were delayed as a result. See Item 7.
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Impact of COVID-19 Pandemic . 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company has no off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future
material effect on its financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital
expenditures or capital resources. 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Significant Judgments and Estimates 

Our
management s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our financial statements,
which have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States, or GAAP. The preparation of
our financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities and expenses
and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities in our financial statements and accompanying notes. We evaluate these estimates
and judgments on an ongoing basis. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other factors that we believe are reasonable
under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities
that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 

While
our significant accounting policies are more fully described in Note 1, Organization, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant
Accounting Policies, included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form
10-K, we believe that the following accounting policies are the most critical for fully understanding and evaluating our financial condition
and results of operations. 

65 

Revenue
Recognition 

Accounting
Standards Codification ASC Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers Topic 606 or the new
revenue standard ). 

Pursuant
to Topic 606, the Company recognizes revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to a customer in an amount that reflects
the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. To achieve this core principle,
Topic 606 outlines a five-step process for recognizing revenue from customer contracts that includes i) identification of the contract
with a customer, ii) identification of the performance obligations in the contract, iii) determining the transaction price, iv) allocating
the transaction price to the separate performance obligations in the contract, and v) recognizing revenue associated with performance
obligations as they are satisfied. 

At
contract inception, the Company assesses the goods or services promised within each contract and assess whether each promised good or
service is distinct and determine those that are performance obligations. The Company then recognizes as revenue the amount of the transaction
price that is allocated to the respective performance obligation when the performance obligation is satisfied. 

The
Company has identified one performance obligation which is related to DuraGraft product sales. For the Company s distribution partner
channel, the Company recognizes revenue for product sales at the time of delivery of the product to its distribution partner (customer).
As products have an expiration date, if a product expires, the Company will replace the product at no charge. There were no significant
judgements made in applying this topic. 

66 

Intangible
Assets and Goodwill 

Intangible
assets are recorded at cost less accumulated amortization and accumulated impairment losses. Intangible assets acquired as a result of
an acquisition or in a business combination are measured at fair value at the acquisition date. 

The
useful lives of intangible assets are assessed as either finite or indefinite. Intangible assets with finite lives are amortized over
the estimated useful economic life and assessed for impairment whenever there is an indication that the intangible asset may be impaired.
The estimated useful life and amortization method are reviewed at the end of each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in
estimates being accounted for on a prospective basis. 

Goodwill
represents the excess of the purchase price paid for the acquisition of subsidiaries over the fair value of the net assets acquired.
Following the initial recognition, goodwill is measured at cost less any accumulated impairment losses. 

In-Process
Research and Development 

The
Company evaluates whether acquired intangible assets are a business under applicable accounting standards. Additionally, the Company
evaluates whether the acquired assets have a future alternative use. Intangible assets that do not have future alternative use are considered
acquired in-process research and development IPR D ). When the acquired in-process research and development assets
are not part of a business combination, the value of the consideration paid is expensed on the acquisition date. Future costs to develop
these assets are recorded to research and development expense as they are incurred. 

Impairment 

Impairment
 of long-lived assets: The Company reviews long-lived assets, including property, plant and equipment, for impairment whenever
 events or changes in business circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the assets may not be fully recoverable. An impairment
 loss would be recognized when estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to result from the use of the asset and its eventual
 disposition are less than the carrying amount. The impairment loss, if recognized, would be based on the excess of the carrying value
 of the impaired asset over its respective fair value. 

Goodwill :
 Goodwill is recorded at the time of purchase for the excess of the amount of the purchase price over the fair values of the identifiable
 assets acquired and liabilities assumed. The fair value is determined using the estimated discounted future cash flows of the reporting
 unit. Goodwill is not amortized and instead is tested at least annually for impairment, or more frequently when events or changes
 in circumstances indicate that goodwill might be impaired. This impairment test is performed annually at December 31. Future adverse
 changes in market conditions or poor operating results of underlying assets could result in an inability to recover the carrying
 value of the goodwill, thereby possibly requiring an impairment charge. 

In-process
 research and development assets: IPR D assets are reviewed for impairment annually, or sooner if events or changes in circumstances
 indicate that the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable, and upon establishment of technological feasibility or regulatory
 approval. An impairment loss, if any, is calculated by comparing the fair value of the asset to its carrying value. If the asset s
 carrying value exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss is recorded for the difference and its carrying value is reduced accordingly.
 Similar to the impairment test for goodwill, the Company may perform a qualitative approach for testing indefinite-lived intangible
 assets for impairment. 

Leases 

At
the inception of a contractual arrangement, the Company determines whether the contract contains a lease by assessing whether there is
an identified asset and whether the contract conveys the right to control the use of the identified asset in exchange for consideration
over a period of time. If both criteria are met, the Company records the associated lease liability and corresponding right-of-use asset
upon commencement of the lease using the implicit rate or a discount rate based on a credit-adjusted secured borrowing rate commensurate
with the term of the lease. The Company additionally evaluates leases at their inception to determine if they are to be accounted for
as an operating lease or a finance lease. A lease is accounted for as a finance lease if it meets one of the following five criteria:
the lease has a purchase option that is reasonably certain of being exercised, the present value of the future cash flows is substantially
all of the fair market value of the underlying asset, the lease term is for a significant portion of the remaining economic life of the
underlying asset, the title to the underlying asset transfers at the end of the lease term, or if the underlying asset is of such a specialized
nature that it is expected to have no alternative uses to the lessor at the end of the term. Leases that do not meet the finance lease
criteria are accounted for as an operating lease. Operating lease assets represent a right to use an underlying asset for the lease term
and operating lease liabilities represent an obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. Operating lease liabilities with
a term greater than one year and their corresponding right-of-use assets are recognized on the balance sheet at the commencement date
of the lease based on the present value of lease payments over the expected lease term. Certain adjustments to the right-of-use asset
may be required for items such as initial direct costs paid or incentives received. As the Company s leases do not typically provide
an implicit rate, the Company utilizes the appropriate incremental borrowing rate, determined as the rate of interest that the Company
would have to pay to borrow on a collateralized basis over a similar term and in a similar economic environment. Lease cost is recognized
on a straight-line basis over the lease term and variable lease payments are recognized as operating expenses in the period in which
the obligation for those payments is incurred. Variable lease payments primarily include common area maintenance, utilities, real estate
taxes, insurance, and other operating costs that are passed on from the lessor in proportion to the space leased by the Company. The
Company has elected the practical expedient to not separate between lease and non-lease components. 

Research
and Development Expenses and Accruals 

All
research and development costs are expensed in the period incurred and consist primarily of salaries, payroll taxes, and employee benefits,
those individuals involved in research and development efforts, external research and development costs incurred under agreements with
contract research organizations and consultants to conduct and support the Company s ongoing clinical trials of DuraGraft, and
costs related to manufacturing DuraGraft for clinical trials. The Company has entered into various research and development contracts
with various organizations and other companies. Payments of these activities are based on the terms of the individual agreements which
matches to the pattern of costs incurred. Payments made in advances are reflected in the accompanying balance sheets as prepaid expenses.
The Company records accruals for estimated costs incurred for ongoing research and development activities. When evaluating the adequacy
of the accrued liabilities, the Company analyzes progress of the services, including the phase or completion of events, invoices received
and contracted costs. Significant judgments and estimates may be made in determining the prepaid or accrued balances at the end of any
reporting period. Actual results could differ from the Company s estimates. 

Stock-Based
Compensation 

Share-based
compensation expense for employees and directors is recognized in the Consolidated Statement of Operations based on estimated amounts,
including the grant date fair value and the expected service period. For stock options, the Company estimates the grant date fair value
using a Black-Scholes valuation model, which requires the use of multiple subjective inputs including estimated future volatility, expected
forfeitures and the expected term of the awards. The Company estimates the expected future volatility based on the stock s historical
price volatility. The stock s future volatility may differ from the estimated volatility at the grant date. For restricted stock
unit RSU equity awards, the Company estimates the grant date fair value using its closing stock price on the date of
grant. The Company recognizes the effect of forfeitures in compensation expense when the forfeitures occur. The estimated forfeiture
rates may differ from actual forfeiture rates which would affect the amount of expense recognized during the period. The Company recognizes
the value of the awards over the awards requisite service or performance periods. The requisite service period is generally the
time over which the Company s share-based awards vest. 

Recently
Issued Accounting Pronouncements 

The
Company assesses the adoption impacts of recently issued accounting standards by the Financial Accounting Standards Board or other standard
setting bodies on the Company s consolidated financial statements as well as material updates to previous assessments. There were
no new material accounting standards issued or adopted in year of 2022 that impacted the Company. 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not
applicable. 

67 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

MARIZYME, INC. 

 INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 
 69 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 71 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 72 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 73 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 74 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 75 

68 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders, 

 Marizyme, Inc.: 

Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance
sheets of Marizyme, Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations,
changes in stockholders equity, and cash flows, for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated
financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects,
the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years
then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going Concern 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements
have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements,
the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations, has experienced cash used from operations in excess of its current cash position,
and has an accumulated deficit, that raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans
in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might
result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Our opinion is not modified with respect to this matter. 

Basis for Opinion 

These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements
based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards
of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated
financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we
engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical audit matters communicated below are
matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated
to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and
(2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter
in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

69 

Impairment Evaluation of Intangible Assets and
Goodwill 

Critical Audit Matter Description 

As described in Note 1 to the consolidated financial
statements, the Company reviews long-lived intangible assets and goodwill, for impairment whenever events or changes in business circumstances
indicate that the carrying amount of the assets may not be fully recoverable. An impairment loss would be recognized when estimated undiscounted
future cash flows expected to result from the use of the asset and its eventual disposition are less than the carrying amount. In order
to estimate the fair value of the assets, management is required to make significant estimates and assumptions related to the potential
future benefits of these intangible assets. Changes in these assumptions could have a significant impact on the fair value of the reporting
unit, the amount of any intangible asset impairment charge, or both. As a result of management s assessments, the Company recognized
impairment charges of 24,350,000 during the year ended December 31, 2022, all of which was related to the Krillase technology originally
acquired on September 12, 2018. 

We identified the impairment evaluation of intangible
assets and goodwill as a critical audit matter because of the inherent subjectivity involved in management s estimates and assumptions
related to the future potential benefits attributable to intangible assets. The audit procedures to evaluate the reasonableness of management s
estimates and assumptions related to the potential future benefits of these intangible assets required a high degree of auditor judgment
and an increased extent of effort, including the need to involve our fair value specialists. 

How the Critical Matter was Addressed in the Audit

We evaluated the reasonableness of management s
forecasts by comparing the forecasts to historical results, internal communications to management and those charged with governance of
Marizyme, and forecasted information included in analyst and industry reports for the Company and its peer companies. With the assistance
of our valuation specialists, we evaluated the reasonableness of the impairment by evaluating methodologies used by management, determining
the completeness and accuracy of information, sensitivity analyses, testing the source information underlying the determination of the
impairment, testing the mathematical accuracy of the calculations, and developing a range of independent estimates and comparing those
to the impairment amount enacted by management. 

Fair Value of the Contingent Liabilities for Duragraft
Acquisition 

Critical Audit Matter Description 

As described in Note 1 to the consolidated financial
statements, the Company had 9,707,000 of contingent liabilities as of December 31, 2022 related to the 2019 acquisition of Duragraft.
The contingent consideration payments are subject to the Company s achievement of certain revenue targets and achievement of certain
FDA milestones. Management determines the estimated fair value of the contingent consideration liability using a combination of monte
carlo and scenario-based valuation methods. The unobservable inputs used by management to determine the fair value of the contingent consideration
liability include projected revenues, volatility, cost of debt, discount rates and various holding periods and exit terms. 

The principal considerations for our determination
that performing procedures relating to the fair value of the contingent liabilities as a critical audit matter are (i) the significant
judgment by management when determining the fair value, (ii) a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity and effort in performing
procedures and evaluating audit evidence relating to the monte carlo and scenario-based valuation methods and evaluating management s
significant assumptions related to the projected revenues, volatility, and discount rates, and (iii) the audit effort involved the use
of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. 

How the Critical Matter was Addressed in the Audit 

To test the estimated fair value of contingent consideration
liabilities at year end, our audit procedures included evaluating methodologies used by management, determining the completeness and accuracy
of information, sensitivity analyses, inspecting the terms of the executed agreement, assessing the Monte Carlo and Scenario-Based simulation
models used and testing the key contractual inputs and significant assumptions discussed above. We evaluated the assumptions and judgments
considering observable industry and economic trends and standards, external data sources and regulatory factors. Estimated amounts of
future revenues were evaluated for reasonableness in relation to internal and external analyses, clinical development progress and timelines,
probability of success benchmarks, and regulatory notices. Our procedures included evaluating the data sources used by management in determining
its assumptions and, where necessary, included an evaluation of available information that either corroborated or contradicted management s
conclusions. We also assessed the professional competence, experience, and objectivity of the Company s external valuation specialist.
We involved a valuation specialist to assess the Company s Monte Carlo and Scenario Based simulation models and to perform corroborative
fair value calculations. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2020. 

March 24, 2023 

PCAOB ID Number 100 

70 

MARIZYME,
INC. 

Consolidated
Balance Sheets 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 ASSETS: 

Current 

Cash 

Accounts receivable 

Other receivables 

Prepaid expenses 

Inventory 

Total current assets 

Non-current 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

Operating lease right-of-use assets, net 

Intangible assets, net 

Prepaid royalties, non-current 

Deposits 

Goodwill 

Total non-current assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY: 

Current 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Note payable 

Due to related parties 
 - 

Operating lease obligations 

Total current liabilities 

Non-current 

Operating lease obligations, net of current portion 

Note payable, net of current portion 
 - 

Convertible notes 

Derivative liabilities 

Contingent liabilities 

Total non-current liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 10) 
 - 
 - 

Stockholders equity: 

Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common stock, par value , shares authorized, issued and outstanding shares - at December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

71 

MARIZYME,
INC. 

 Consolidated
Statements of Operations 

2022 
 2021 

Years ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Revenue 

Direct cost of revenue 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses: 

Professional fees (includes related party amounts of and , respectively) 

Salary expenses 

Research and development 

Stock-based compensation 

Depreciation and amortization 

Impairment of intangible assets 
 
 - 
 
 Other general and administrative expenses 

Total operating expenses 

Total operating loss 

Other income (expense) 

Interest and accretion expenses 

Change in fair value of contingent liabilities 

Gain/(loss) on debt extinguishment 

Other income 
 
 - 
 
 Total other income (expense) 

Net loss 

Loss per share basic and diluted 

Weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding basic and diluted 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

72 

MARIZYME,
INC. 

 Consolidated
Statements of Stockholders Equity 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity 

Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity 

Balance, December 31, 2020 

Warrants issued for acquisition 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Issuance of common stock for acquisition 

- 

Warrants issued 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Stock-based compensation expense 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Balance 

Stock-based compensation expense 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Issuance of warrants 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Exercise of warrants 

- 

Common stock repurchased and cancelled 

- 

Warrants repurchased and retired 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

Balance 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

73 

MARIZYME,
INC. 

 Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows 

2022 
 2021 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operations: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Stock-based compensation 

Stock-based compensation - restricted common stock 
 - 

Interest and accretion on convertible notes and notes payable 

Issuance of warrants for services 

Impairment of intangible assets 
 
 - 
 
 Change in fair value of contingent liabilities 

(Gain) loss on debt extinguishment 

Other income 
 
 - 
 
 Change in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts and other receivables 

Prepaid expenses 

Inventory 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Due to related parties 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from financing, net of issuance cost 

Proceeds from promissory notes, net of repayments 

Proceeds from exercise of warrants 
 
 - 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net change in cash 

Cash at beginning of year 

Cash at end of year 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Cash paid for interest 
 - 
 - 
 
 Cash paid for taxes 
 - 
 - 

Non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Derivative liabilities and debt discount issued in connection with convertible notes 

Warrants and debt discount issued in connection with convertible notes 

Settlement of notes payable with convertible notes 
 
 - 
 
 Warrants repurchased and retired 
 
 - 
 
 Contingent liabilities 
 - 

Issuance of common stock in connection with business combination 
 - 

Notes payable assumed in connection with business combination 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

74 

MARIZYME,
INC. 

Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

December
31, 2022 

at December
31, 2022. Additionally, the Company has negative working capital of and of cash on hand, which may not be sufficient
to fund operations for the next twelve months. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as
a going concern. 

Under
the going concern assumption, an entity is ordinarily viewed as continuing its business for the foreseeable future with neither the intention
or necessity of liquidation, ceasing trading, or seeking protection from creditors pursuant to the laws and regulations. Accordingly,
assets and liabilities are recorded on the basis that the entity will be able to realize its assets and discharge its liabilities in
the normal course of business. 

The
ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent upon its ability to continue to successfully develop its intangible
assets, receive an approval from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA to extend the selling of the products into
the U.S. market which may result in the Company attaining profitable operations. 

During
the next twelve months from the date the consolidated financial statements were issued, the Company s foreseeable cash requirements
will relate to continuous operations of its business, maintaining its good standing and making the required filing with the SEC, and
the payment of expenses associated with its product development. The Company may experience a cash shortfall and be required to raise
additional capital. Management intends to raise additional funds by way of a private or public offering. On February 14, 2021, Marizyme
completed a preliminary prospectus with intention to raise up to . Since then, the prospectus has been amended with the most
recent amendment made on February 13, 2023 with intention to raise up to . As of the date of this annual report, the prospectus
remains preliminary. The proceeds from the offering will be used by the Company (i) to develop its DuraGraft, MATLOC, and Krillase platforms;
(ii) to commercialize and produce its products, (iii) to repay promissory notes issued to Walleye Opportunities Master Fund Ltd and Hexin
Global Ltd., and (iv) for general working capital and other corporate purposes. While the Company believes in the viability
of its strategy to continue to develop and expand its products and generate sufficient revenue and in its ability to raise additional
funds, there can be no assurances to that effect. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent upon the Company s
ability to further implement its business plan and generate sufficient revenue and its ability to raise additional funds by way of a
public or private offering. 

The
consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments related to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts
or the amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

, expected volatility of , expected dividend of , and expected life
 of years. For the year ended December 31, 2022, changes in these assumptions resulted in decrease in fair value of
 these liabilities. The decrease was driven by decrease in the Company s stock price year over year. At December 31, 2022
 the fair market value of performance warrants and pediatric vouchers warrants liabilities was (2021 - ). 

ii. 
 The
 present value of royalty payments was measured using the scenario-based methodology. In assessing the value attributed to the royalty
 payments, the estimated future cash flows were discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current
 market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the revenue from net sales of the product. The cash flows
 derived from the Company s fifteen-year strategic plan are based on managements expectations of market growth, industry
 reports and trends, and past performances. These projections are inherently uncertain due to the evolving impact of the COVID-19
 pandemic. The discounted cash flow model included projections surrounding revenue, discount rates, and growth rates. The discount
 rates used to calculate the present value of royalty payments reflect specific risks of the Company and market conditions and the
 mid-range was estimated at . For the year ended December 31, 2022, changes in these assumptions resulted in increase
 in fair value of these liabilities. At December 31, 2022, the fair market value of royalty payments was (2021 - ). 

iii. 
 Rare
 pediatric voucher sales liability was valued based on the scenario-based methodology where the estimated future cash flows are discounted
 to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the
 risks specific to the asset . For the year ended December 31, 2022, changes in these assumptions resulted in 
 decrease in fair value of this liability. At December 31, 2022 the fair market value of rare pediatric vouchers was (2021
 - ). 

iv. 
 The
 present value of liquidation preference liability, included in the contingent consideration, was determined using the Black-Scholes
 option pricing method and represents the fair value of the maximum payment amount according to the Agreement. The following assumptions
 were used in the Black-Scholes option pricing model: risk free rate of , expected volatility of , expected dividend of
 , and expected life of . changes to the fair value of liquidation preference liability were recorded in the year ended
 December 31, 2022. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the fair market value of liquidation preference was . 

The
derivative liabilities consisted of optional and automatic conversion features and the share redemption feature attached to the convertible
notes, issued pursuant to the Unit Purchase Agreement (see Note 7). 

The
Company has no financial assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis. None of the Company s non-financial assets or liabilities
are recorded at fair value on a non-recurring basis. No transfers between levels have occurred during the periods presented. 

December 31, 2022 
 Level 1 
 Level 2 
 Level 3 

Fair Value Hierarchy 
 
 December 31, 2022 
 Level 1 
 Level 2 
 Level 3 
 
 Liabilities 

Derivative liabilities 
 - 
 - 

Contingent liabilities 
 - 
 - 

Total 
 - 
 - 

December 31, 2021 
 Level 1 
 Level 2 
 Level 3 

Fair Value Hierarchy 
 
 December 31, 2021 
 Level 1 
 Level 2 
 Level 3 
 
 Liabilities 

Derivative liabilities 
 - 
 - 

Contingent liabilities 
 - 
 - 

Total 
 - 
 - 

Change in fair value of contingent liabilities 

Derivative liabilities issued pursuant to Unit Purchase Agreement 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

. Any loss incurred or a lack of access to such funds could have a significant adverse impact on the Company s financial
condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 

. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the lesser of the lease term or the
estimated useful lives of the related assets. Expenditures for repairs and maintenance of assets are charged to expense as incurred.
Upon retirement or sale, the cost and related accumulated depreciation of assets disposed of are removed from the accounts and any resulting
gain or loss is included in loss from operations. 

The
useful lives of intangible assets are assessed as either finite or indefinite. Intangible assets with finite lives are amortized over
the estimated useful economic life and assessed for impairment whenever there is an indication that the intangible asset may be impaired.
The estimated useful life and amortization method are reviewed at the end of each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in
estimates being accounted for on a prospective basis. 

Goodwill
represents the excess of the purchase price paid for the acquisition of subsidiaries over the fair value of the net assets acquired.
Following the initial recognition, goodwill is measured at cost less any accumulated impairment losses. 

The
Company has identified one performance obligation which is related to DuraGraft product sales. For the Company s distribution partner
channel, the Company recognizes revenue for product sales at the time of delivery of the product to its distribution partner (customer).
As products have an expiration date, if a product expires, the Company will replace the product at no charge. There were no significant
judgements made in applying this topic. 

operating segment. 

and were recorded as a non-current asset. 

Pursuant
to the Agreement and in consideration of the outstanding capital stock of Somahlution, Inc., the Company agreed to issue to Somahlution: 

restricted shares of common stock of the Company; 

Warrants
 to purchase restricted common shares of the Company with a strike price of per common share and a term of ; 

The
 Company, on a pro rata basis, shall grant the Seller the following contingent consideration upon receiving the FDA final approval
 and insurance reimbursement approval on the product: 

Grant
 of performance warrants for restricted common shares of the Company, with a strike price determined based on the average
 of the closing prices of the common shares for the 30 calendar days following the date of the public announcement of FDA approval; 

Royalties
 to be paid on all net sales of the product acquired from Somahlution of on the first million of international net sales (and
 on the first million of U.S. net sales), for greater than million up to million, and for greater than 
 million; 

Payment
 of of cash value of the rare pediatric voucher sales following the FDA approval and subsequent sale to an unaffiliated third
 party of a rare pediatric voucher based on Somahlution s DuraGraft product; 

Grant
 of rare pediatric voucher warrants to purchase an aggregate of commons shares with
 a term of five years and a strike price determined based on the average of the closing prices
 of the common shares for the 30 calendar days following the date of the public announcement
 of FDA approval, and 
 
 Liquidation
 preference, up to a maximum of million upon the sale by the Company of all or substantially
 all of the assets relating to the Somahlution products. Upon the sale of either or both of
 the DuraGraft or Somahlution derived solid organ transplant products, the Company will pay
 of the net sale proceeds towards the liquidation preference maximum amount. 

On
July 30, 2020, the Company completed the acquisition of Somahlution Assets (the Somahlution Transaction ). The
acquisition of Somahlution provided the Company with access to DuraGraft and other related intangible assets, which upon approval by
FDA, will further the Company s continued growth and international-wide product rollout. 

Accounting
Standards Codification ASC 805-10 the substance of a transaction constitutes a business combination as the business of
Somahlution meets the definition of a business under the standard. Accordingly, the transaction was accounted for in accordance with
the acquisition method of accounting, and the assets acquired, and the liabilities assumed have been recorded at their respective estimated
fair values as of the acquisition date. The purchase price is based on management s estimate of fair value of the common shares
and warrants issued as well as contingent consideration and liquidation preference given up. The final allocation of the purchase price
consideration to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed has been completed and finalized. 

Warrants 

Contingent consideration 

Total consideration 

Fair value of identifiable assets acquired, and liabilities assumed 

Net working capital 

Property, plant, and equipment 

Intangible assets 

Goodwill 

Total identifiable assets 

The
intangible assets acquired include: 

DuraGraft
 patent, with estimated remaining economic life of , 
 
 Distribution
 relationships intangible asset related to DuraGraft products, with estimated remaining
 economic life of , and 
 
 In-process
 research and development intangible asset Cyto Protectant Life Sciences 
 with indefinite economic life. 

Goodwill
is attributed to the workforce and profitability of the acquired business and is not deductible for tax purposes. A residual method methodology
was used to estimate the fair market value goodwill. A pre-tax discount rate based on weighted average cost of capital of was used
in the fair value assumptions for the assembled workforce acquired. 

Pro
forma revenue, net income, and earnings per share are not presented for this acquisition as they are not material. 

My
Health Logic Inc. 

On
November 1, 2021, Marizyme entered into a definitive arrangement agreement with HLII pursuant to which the Company will acquire all of
the issued and outstanding common shares of My Health Logic Inc. My Health Logic or MHL ), a wholly owned
subsidiary of HLII, in exchange for common shares of Marizyme (the Marizyme Shares ). 

Marizyme
is dedicated to the acceleration, development and commercialization of medical technologies that promote patient health, therefore a
strategic decision was made during the year ended December 31, 2021 to acquire My Health Logic, which have provided Marizyme with access
to MHL s lab-on-chip technology platform and its patient-centric, digital point-of-care diagnostic device, MATLOC 1; and allowed
for further growth and development of Marizyme s portfolio of medical products. 

On
December 22, 2021, Marizyme received the necessary regulatory, court and stock exchange approval to complete the acquisition of MHL resulting
in a total of Common Shares issued to HLII; of these shares are being held and administered by Marizyme to be released
to HLII, less any amounts claimed by Marizyme or its affiliates for any losses arising out of certain breaches as set out in the acquisition
agreement. This resulted in HLII holding approximately of the total number of issued and outstanding Marizyme Shares (based on
 Marizyme Shares issued and outstanding immediately after closing). 

In
accordance with ASC 805-10 the substance of a transaction constitutes a business combination as the business of My Health Logic Inc.
meets the definition of a business under the standard. Accordingly, the transaction was accounted for in accordance with the acquisition
method of accounting, and the assets acquired, and the liabilities assumed have been recorded at their respective estimated fair values
as of the acquisition date. The purchase price is based on management s estimate of fair value of the common shares issued. The
final allocation of the purchase price consideration to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed has been completed and finalized. 

Total consideration given up 

Fair value of identifiable assets acquired, and liabilities assumed 

Net working deficit 

Property, plant, and equipment 

Intangible assets 

Goodwill 

Total identifiable assets 

As
a result of the My Health Logic acquisition, the Company acquired its lab-on-chip technology platform, its patient-centric, digital point-of-care
diagnostic device - MATLOC 1, as well as patents rights and trademarks relating to it. In addition, the Company acquired ownership rights
to MATLOC patents issued in the European Union, Canada, and the United States. 

The
intangible assets acquired include: 

Trade
 name, with estimated remaining economic life of , 
 
 Software,
 which enables customers to track and update their test results, with economic life of 
 years, and 
 
 Biotechnology
 intangible assets related to lab-on-chip technology, with estimated remaining economic life
 of years. 

As
part of the acquisition, Marizyme assumed an aggregate of in notes payable, the notes were unsecured, bore interest at a rate
of per annum with no maturity date. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, Marizyme recognized and of interest
expense on the notes payable, respectively. The Company settled an aggregate of of these notes payable as part of Unit Purchase
Agreement issuances during the year ended December 31, 2022 (see Note 7). As of December 31, 2022, balance of the remaining note payable
was (2021 - ). 

Goodwill
is attributed to the workforce and profitability of the acquired business and is not deductible for tax purposes. A residual method methodology
was used to estimate the fair market value goodwill. A pre-tax discount rate based on weighted average cost of capital of was used
in the fair value assumptions for the assembled workforce acquired. 

Pro
forma revenue, net income, and earnings per share are not presented for this acquisition as they are not material. 

for approximately square feet of administrative
office and laboratories space, which commenced in December 2020 at a monthly rent of approximately , increasing by annually
beginning in the second year of the lease until the end of the term. Additionally, pursuant to the agreement, the Company would pay approximately
 per month in operating expenses. 

Effective
April 1, 2022, the Company amended its lease agreement for administrative office and laboratories to add additional square feet
of space. The monthly cost of total expended lease space is approximately increasing to in 2023 and will continue to
increase by annually thereafter until the end of the term. The monthly operating expenses for total expanded premises have increased
from approximately to per month. The term of the lease remains unchanged. As of December 31, 2022, the remaining lease
term was years. The lease has been classified as an operating lease. 

The
assets and liabilities from the lease were recognized at the lease commencement date based on the present value of remaining lease payments
over the lease term using the discount rate of , which is the average commercial interest available at the time. 

The
total rent expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 

Operating lease liabilities, current 

Operating lease liabilities, non-current 

Total operating lease liabilities 

2024 

2025 

2026 

Total lease payments 

Less: Present value discount 

Total 

. Krillase is a naturally occurring enzyme
that acts to break protein bonds and has applications in wound debridement, wound healing, dental care and thrombosis. The useful lives
of the intangible assets are based on the life of the patent and related technology. The patents and related technology for Krillase
have not been amortized since the acquisition, as they have not yet been put into operations. 

At
December 31, 2022, management determined that the carrying value of Krillase exceeded its recoverable amount. Impairment of 
was recognized on Krillase intangible assets and recorded in the impairment of intangible assets in the consolidated statements of operations
for the year ended December 31, 2022 (2021 - Nil ). 

DuraGraft 

As
part of the Somahlution acquisition (see Note 2), Marizyme purchased of intangible assets related to the DuraGraft technology.
 impairment has been recognized on DuraGraft intangible assets for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

My
Health Logic 

As
part of the My Health Logic acquisition (see Note 2), Marizyme purchased MHL s lab-on-chip technology platform and its patient-centric,
digital point-of-care diagnostic device, MATLOC, fair valued at an aggregate amount of . impairment has been recognized
on My Health Logic intangible assets for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

- 

- 

Patents in process 
 
 - 
 - 

- 

DuraGraft patent 

- 

DuraGraft - Distributor relationship 

- 

DuraGraft IPR D - Cyto Protectant Life Sciences 
 
 - 
 - 

- 

My Health Logic - Trade name 

- 

My Health Logic - Biotechnology 

- 

My Health Logic - Software 

- 

Total intangibles 

Additions on acquisitions 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Impairment 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2022 

Acquired in Somahlution Transaction 

Acquired in MHL Transaction 

Additions 

Amortization expense 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Impairment 

Amortization expense 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

Future
amortizations for DuraGraft and My Health Logic intangible assets for the next five years will be for each year from 2023 through
2027 and for 2028 and thereafter. Amortization related to in process research and development will be determined upon the
Company achieving commercialization. 

Accrued expenses 

Accrued compensation expenses 

Total accounts payable and accrued expenses 

bearing interest at the annual rate of per
annum, due September 23, 2023, payable monthly starting November 23, 2022. As at December 31, 2022, the balance of note payable due was
 (2021 - ). 

On
December 28, 2022, the Company issued a promissory note for bearing interest at the annual rate of per annum, due
June 28, 2023. The Company agreed to issue to the lender warrants to purchase common stock equal to with the same terms as
any warrants issued in the Company s next financing round and will be immediately exercisable. No liability has been recognized for the warrants as they have not been issued and their terms remain contingent
upon the next financing. 

As
referenced in Note 2, as part of the Somahlution acquisition, Marizyme assumed an aggregate of in notes payable, the notes were
unsecured, bore interest at a rate of per annum with no maturity date. The Company settled an aggregate of of these notes
payable as part of Unit Purchase Agreement issuances during the year ended December 31, 2022 (see Note 7). As of December 31, 2022, balance
of the remaining note payable was (2021 - ). 

units (the Units at a price per
Unit of . 

In
May 2021, the Company issued and sold Units at a price of per Unit for gross proceeds of , consisting of Notes of
 , Class A Warrants for the purchase of shares of common stock and Class B Warrants for the purchase of shares of
common stock. The Company incurred related issuance costs of which will be amortized over the term of the Notes. 

In
July 2021, the Company issued and sold Units under the Unit Purchase Program for gross proceeds of . The Units included
Notes for , Class A Warrants for shares of common stock and Class B Warrants for shares of common stock. 

September
2021 Amended Unit Purchase Agreement 

On
September 29, 2021, due to a lower common stock price, the Company, with the consent of all Unit holders, amended the May 2021 Unit Agreements.
By rescinding their investment, the Unit holders agreed to amend the Unit Purchase Agreement resulted in the following significant changes
to the offering: 

(i) Decreased
 the offering price under the Unit Purchase Agreement from per Unit to per Unit
 for all future sales under the Unit Purchase Agreement. No proceeds from the initial investment
 were returned. 

(ii) Decreased
 the conversion price from per share to per share for all current Unit holders
 and all future investors. 

(iii) Cancelled
 all Class A Warrants and Class B Warrants and replaced them with Class C Warrants. 

December
2021 Unit Purchase Agreement 

On
December 21, 2021, the Company entered into a Unit Purchase Agreement (the December UPA to sell up to Units
at a price per unit of . Under this December UPA, the Company issued and sold Units at a per unit purchase price
of , for gross proceeds of . Coinciding with this December UPA, the Company also entered into an Exchange Agreement with
the existing Unit holders (the December 2021 Exchange Agreements, as further described below). 

December
2021 Exchange Agreements 

On
December 21, 2021, in conjunction with a investment, the Company and the existing Unit holders agreed to exchange the original
securities Old Securities held by the current investors/unit holders for New Securities, consisting of (i) a New Note
in the principal amount equal to the original principal amount of the Original Note, plus all accrued interest through the day prior
to December 21, 2021, and (ii) a new warrant New Class C Warrants in exchange for the original Class C Warrants Original
Class C Warrants ). The Exchange of the Original Securities for the New Securities included the following significant changes: 

(i) Decreased
 the offering price under the Unit Purchase Agreement from per Unit to per Unit.
 Outstanding principal and accrued interest were used to purchase Units at the new per unit
 price. 

(ii) Extended
 the maturity date of the notes to for all existing notes. 

(iii) Decreased
 the conversion price from per share to per share for the New Units. 

(iv) Original
 Class C Warrants were exchanged for New Class C Warrants with an exercise price of 
 per share (unchanged) and a five-year life measured from the date of the Exchange Agreement.
 The decrease in the Unit price also resulted in additional number of New Class C Warrants
 being issued in exchange for the Original Class C Warrants due to the warrant coverage
 provided for in the Unit Purchase Agreement. 

The
Company determined that the terms of the New Securities were substantially different from the Original Securities, and, as such the exchange
of the Original Securities for the New Securities was accounted for as an extinguishment of debt on December 21, 2021, and the New Securities
accounted for as a new debt issuance. 

As
a result of this substantial modification, the total of Units previously issued was replaced with an aggregate of pro
rata Units and a loss on debt extinguishment of 663,522 was recorded in consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December
31, 2021. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued additional units under the New Securities agreement for the proceeds of
 , net of issuance cost. Of the total Units issued (i) Units were issued to settle notes payable assumed on
acquisition of My Health Logic (see Note 4), (ii) Units were issued to settle accounts payable, and (iii) Units were issued
in exchange for services rendered to the Company in the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Additionally,
on October 28, 2022, following a letter agreement entered into between the Company, Bradley Richmond, and Univest Securities, LLC Univest ),
dated October 28, 2022, addressed and submitted to the Corporate Financing Department of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority,
Inc. (the October 2022 Letter Agreement ), the Company extinguished convertible promissory notes held by Univest and Mr.
Richmond, as well as Class C Warrants, attached to them. The parties agreed to forgo compensation previously received for no consideration
in exchange. As the result of extinguishment of these obligations, the Company recorded gain on debt extinguishment in the consolidated
statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

The
Company determined that the optional and automatic conversion feature and the share redemption feature attached to the convertible notes
meet the definition of derivative liabilities and that the detachable warrants issued do not meet the definition of a liability and therefore
will be accounted for as an equity instrument. 

The
fair value of the warrants of (2021 - and the fair value of derivative liabilities of (2021 - issued have been recorded as debt discount and are being amortized to interest and accretion expense using the effective interest method
over the term of the Convertible Notes. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized interest and accretion expense of 2,763,749 (2021 - 116,676) in the
consolidated statements of operations. 

Issuance costs 

Debt discount 

Debt accretion 

Extinguishment of debt in connection with December 2021 Exchange Agreements 

Convertible notes issued - new securities 

Issuance costs 

Debt discount 

Debt accretion 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Convertible notes issued - new securities 

Issuance costs 
 ) 
 
 Debt discount 

Debt accretion 

Debt extinguishment 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

Unamortized issuance costs and discount 

Convertible Notes, Net of Debt Discount 

Convertible
Notes Terms 

In the event the Company consummates, while the Convertible Note is outstanding, an equity financing with a gross aggregate amount of
securities sold of not less than Qualified Financing ), then all outstanding principal, together with all unpaid
accrued interest under the Convertible Notes, shall automatically convert into shares of the equity financing at the lesser of (i) 
of the cash price per share paid in the financing and the conversion price of per unit. 

In
the event that the Company consummates, while the Convertible Note is outstanding, an equity financing with a gross aggregate amount
of securities sold less than Unqualified Financing ), then the equity offering price will be applicable to
the conversion price and exercise price of such Convertible Notes and Class C Warrants. Moreover, in that event, the Class C Warrant
holders may also apply a most-favored-nations clause in their warrants to request that their Class C Warrants provide that their warrant
exercise rights should be further adjusted to allow them to purchase a proportionately higher number of additional shares equal to the
initial number of shares which may be purchased by exercise of their Class C Warrants, multiplied by a fraction equal to the current
exercise price divided by the adjusted exercise price, which would allow such Class C Warrant holders to purchase the same aggregate
dollar amount of shares as initially provided such Class C Warrants. If the Convertible Notes and Class C Warrants conversion
or exercise rights become so adjusted as a result of such an equity financing, then the Company would be required to register the additional
shares of common stock that these securities may be converted into or exercised to purchase for resale. 

The
Convertible Notes are secured by a first priority security interest in all assets of the Company. 

New
Class C Warrants Terms 

Exercise
 price is the lower of (i) per share, or (ii) the Automatic Conversion Price (the lesser
 of (i) of the cash price per share paid by the other purchasers of next round securities
 in the Qualified Financing and (ii) the Conversion Price , subject to Customary Antidilution
 Adjustments). 
 
 Exercisable
 for a period of years from issuance. 
 
 Warrant
 Coverage: . 

shares of blank check preferred stock with a par value of .
As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding. 

b) Common
 stock 

The
Company is authorized to issue a total number of shares of common stock with a par value of . 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021 there were 
 shares of common stock issued and outstanding.
During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company had the following share issuances and cancellations: 

On
 March 1, 2022, the Company issued upon exercise of warrants. 
 
 On
 October 29, 2022, the Company repurchased and cancelled shares of common stock. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company had the following share issuances: 

On
 December 22, 2021, the Company issued pursuant to the My Health Logic transaction
 completion (see Note 2). 

c) Options 

On
May 18, 2021, the Company s Board of Directors approved the Marizyme, Inc. Amended and Restated 2021 Stock Incentive Plan SIP ).
The SIP incorporates stock options issued prior to May 18, 2021. The SIP authorized options for issuance. On December 27, 2022,
the Board of Directors requested that stockholders ratify an amendment to the SIP to increase the maximum number of shares of common
stock available for issuance pursuant to awards granted under the SIP by to , which was approved by the stockholders.
As of December 31, 2022, there remains options available for issuance. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company granted (2021 share purchase options to directors, officers,
employees, and consultants of the Company. The weighted-average assumptions used to estimate the fair value of stock options using the
Black-Scholes option valuation model were as follows: 

Volatility 

Exercise price 

Dividend yield 

Forfeiture rate 

Expected life (years) 

The
Company recognizes forfeitures as they occur. 

Granted 

Forfeited 

Outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Expired 

Forfeited 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

- 
 
 Exercisable at December 31, 2022 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

d) Restricted
 Share Units 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company granted restricted share awards for an aggregate of shares of common stock to directors,
senior officers and consultants of the Company, with underlying performance conditions. As of December 31, 2022, the Company determined
that the following performance conditions attached to the restricted share awards were achieved: 

The
 Company will raise financing for the gross proceeds that equal or exceed , and 

The
 Company will complete valuation reports for acquisition of Somahlution and My Health Logic. 

Therefore,
compensation cost of for the restricted share awards was recognized in stock-based compensation for the year ended December
31, 2022 (2021 - Nil ). 

e) Warrants 

Issued pursuant to Unit Purchase Agreement 

Issued 

December 31, 2021 

Issued pursuant to Unit Purchase Agreement 

Issued 

Exercised 

Expired 

Cancelled pursuant to FINRA 

Cancelled as part of debt extinguishment 

December 31, 2022 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued the following: 

Unit
Purchase Agreements Warrants 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, pursuant to the applicable Unit Purchase Agreement, the Company issued an aggregate of additional
New Class C Warrants with an exercise price of share and a term of . However, on October 28, 2022, following the October
2022 Letter Agreement, the Company extinguished convertible promissory notes held by Univest and Mr. Richmond (see Note 7), as well as
Class C Warrants, attached to them. As the result the total of Class C Warrants were cancelled. 

Other
Warrants 

On
January 26 and February 14, 2022, in exchange for services of Mr. Richmond, the Company granted him warrants to purchase an aggregate
 shares of Marizyme s common stock at an exercise price of per share. The warrants issued had an average term of 
years, vested immediately, and were fair valued at and recorded in salary expense in the consolidated statement of operations
for the year ended December 31, 2022. On March 15, 2022, Mr. Richmond exercised warrants issued to him. 

On
June 26, 2022, the Company issued an additional warrants to Mr. Richmond and warrants to Univest to purchase an aggregate
 shares of Marizyme s common stock at an exercise price of per share. The warrants issued had an average term of 
years, vested immediately, and were fair valued at , of which was recorded in salary expense and in professional
fees in the consolidated statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. On October 28, 2022, following the October 2022
Letter Agreement, the aggregate warrants granted to Mr. Richmond and Univest were cancelled. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued the following: 

Unit
Purchase Agreements Warrants 

Pursuant
to the May Unit Purchase Agreement (see Note 7) the Company issued (i) Class A Warrants for the purchase an aggregate of shares
of common stock, with a strike price of per share and a term of , and (ii) Class B Warrants for the purchase an aggregate
of shares of common stock with a strike price of per share and a term of five years. 

On
September 29, 2021, pursuant to the September 2021 Amended Unit Purchase Agreement, all Class A and Class B warrants were replaced with
an aggregate of pro rata Class C Warrants. The warrants had a strike price of per share and a term of five years. 

On
December 2, 2021, the Company issued additional Class C Warrants with the terms and conditions stipulated in the September 2021
Amended Unit Purchase Agreement. 

On
December 21, 2021, pursuant to the December 2021 Exchange Agreements (Note 7) all previously issued Original Class C Warrants were replaced
with an aggregate of pro rata New Class C Warrants with an exercise price of per share (unchanged) and a five-year life
measured from the date of the December 2021 Exchange Agreements. The decrease in the Unit price also resulted in additional number of
New Class C Warrants being issued in exchange for the Original Class C Warrants due to the 200 warrant coverage provided for in the
Unit Purchase Agreement. 

On
December 21, 2021, pursuant to the December 2021 Unit Purchase Agreement the Company issued additional New Class C Warrants
with an exercise price of per share and a term of . 

The
detachable warrants issued were accounted for as an equity instrument and were ascribed an aggregate fair market value of 
using the residual fair value allocation method. 

Other
Warrants 

During
the year ended December 2021, the Company issued warrants for the purchase of an aggregate of shares of common stock for a settlement
and services rendered. The warrants issued have an average strike price of per share and an average term of years, were fair
valued at and recorded in professional fees and salary expense in the consolidated statements of operations for the year ended
December 31, 2021. 

f) Stock-based
 compensation 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded in non-cash share-based compensation (2021 - ). 

 to related parties of the
Company 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred and settled in professional services rendered by related parties of the
Company and incurred and settled of various expenses incurred by these parties in relation to their services rendered to the
Company. The services were provided by entities which are controlled by management and are pursuant to various consulting agreements. 

Additionally,
as part of the Somahlution transaction in 2020 (Note 2), the Company recorded a prepaid royalty to the stockholders of Somahlution. The
primary beneficial owner is Dr. Vithal Dhaduk, a director and significant stockholder of the Company. As at December 31, 2022, the Company
had in prepaid royalties (2021 - which had been classified as non-current in the consolidated balance sheets. 

post-split shares to be delivered in paper certificate form within three (3) business days of the
reverse split. The settlement agreement further provided that the delivered shares would be subject to normal and customary restrictions
pursuant to Rule 144 of the SEC. In the event no split occurred by December 12, 2022, the Company was required to issue Mr. DeVito 
 pre-split shares. In addition, the parties agreed that no further continuous service is required pursuant to Section 2
of the Mutual Release of Claims Agreement between Mr. DeVito and the Company dated as of August 27, 2020. Pursuant to the agreement,
on January 4, 2023, the Company issued shares of common stock to Mr. DeVito. 

On
August 19, 2021, Dr. Neil Campbell, former President, Chief Executive Officer and director of the Company, and Bruce Harmon, former Chief
Financial Officer and Secretary of the Company, each filed a Complaint and Demand for Jury Trial against the Company and Insperity Peo
Services, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership Insperity ), a joint employer of Dr. Campbell and Mr. Harmon with the Company
under a Client Service Agreement, dated November 30, 2020 (collectively, the Campbell/Harmon Complaints ). Both Campbell/Harmon
Complaints allege that the Company and Insperity violated Section 448.105 of the Florida Private Whistleblower Act as a result of the
constructive terminations of Dr. Campbell and Mr. Harmon after the occurrence of violations federal and state law, including federal
securities law, at the Company that exposed Dr. Campbell and Mr. Harmon to civil and criminal forms of liability and that the Company
was not addressing to their satisfaction. Both Campbell/Harmon Complaints demand approximately - in back pay and benefits,
interest on back pay, front pay and/or lost earning capacity, compensatory damages, costs and attorney s fees, and such other relief
as the court deems equitable. In the year ended December 31, 2022, both cases were dismissed with prejudice and without any financial
impact on the Company. 

Contingencies 

a. On
 July 13, 2019, the Company signed a consulting agreement, whereby the individual will receive: 

per month through July 13, 2022. 
 
 Option
 to purchase shares of common stock at a strike price of , which vest monthly
 through July 13, 2021. The vesting of these options was accelerated by the Board of Directors
 on September 2, 2020. 
 
 Royalties
 based on sales of Krillase assets, equal to of net sales of the product. During the year
 ended December 31, 2022, no revenues were derived from sales of Krillase product. 

b. As
 part of the DuraGraft Acquisition, completed on July 31, 2020 (see Note 2), the Company entered
 into the Agreement with Somahlution stockholders, whereby Marizyme is legally obligated to
 pay royalties on all net sales for Somahlution, Inc. The royalties associated with the Agreement
 are calculated as follows: 

Royalties
on U.S. sales equal to: 

on the first 50,000,000 of net sales, 

on net sales of 50,000,001 up to 200,000,000, and 

on net sales over 200,000,000. 

Royalties
on sales outside of the U.S.: 

on the first 50,000,000 of net sales, 

on net sales of 50,000,001 up to 200,000,000, and 

on net sales over 200,000,000. 

The
royalties are in perpetuity. As at December 31, 2022, the Company had not earned any revenues from Krillase and did not have any sales
of the DuraGraft products in U.S., therefore no royalties have been accrued or paid in the year. 

Upon
receiving FDA approval for the DuraGraft product, the Company will: 

Issue
 performance warrants with a strike price determined based on the average of the closing prices
 of the Company s common stock for the 30 calendar days following the date of the public
 announcement of the FDA approval; and 
 
 Upon
 liquidation of all or substantially all of the assets relating to DuraGraft, the Company
 will pay of the net sale proceeds up to million. 

c. The
 Company has entered into arrangements for office and laboratories spaces. As at December
 31, 2022, minimum lease payments in relation to lease commitments are payable as described
 in Note 3. 

Risks
and Uncertainties 

Starting
in late 2019, a novel strain of the coronavirus, or COVID-19, began to rapidly spread around the world and every state in the United
States. At this time, there continues to be significant volatility and uncertainty relating to the full extent to which the COVID-19
pandemic and the various responses to it will impact the Company s business, operations and financial results. 

Most
states and cities have at various times instituted quarantines, restrictions on travel, stay at home rules, social distancing
measures and restrictions on the types of businesses that could continue to operate, as well as guidance in response to the pandemic
and the need to contain it. As a result, the COVID-19 pandemic may affect the operations of the FDA and other health authorities, including
such authorities in Europe, which could result in delays of reviews and approvals. While there have been no specific notices of delay
from federal or foreign government authorities, potential interruptions, delays, or changes to the operations of the FDA, or of any foreign
authority with which the Company might interact, might impact the approval of any applications the Company plans and will need to file
in the future. 

In
addition, the Company is dependent upon certain contract manufacturers and suppliers and their ability to reliably and efficiently fulfill
its orders is critical to the Company s business success. The COVID-19 pandemic has impacted and may continue to impact certain
of the Company s manufacturers and suppliers. As a result, the Company has faced and may continue to face delays or difficulty
sourcing certain products, which could negatively affect the Company s business and financial results. 

The
spread of COVID-19 has also adversely impacted global economic activity and has contributed to significant volatility and negative pressure
in financial markets. The pandemic has resulted, and may continue to result, in a significant disruption of global financial markets,
which may reduce the Company s ability to access capital in the future, which could negatively affect the Company s liquidity. 

If
the COVID-19 pandemic does not continue to slow and the spread of COVID-19 is not contained, the Company s business operations,
including those of contract manufacturers, could be further delayed or interrupted. The duration of any business disruption cannot be
reasonably estimated at this time but may materially affect the Company s ability to operate the Company s business and result
in additional costs. It is not possible to reliably measure or quantify the impact COVID-19 has had on the financial results of the Company.
If the COVID-19 pandemic continues for an extended period, it may materially adversely impact business operations and, consequently,
future financial results. 

and ,
respectively. As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the Company has Florida state net operating loss carry forwards of 
and , respectively. The federal and Florida state net operating loss carryforwards are carried forward
indefinitely. The Company s net operating loss carry forwards may be subject to annual limitations, which could reduce or
defer the utilization of the losses as a result of an ownership change as defined in Section 382 of the Internal Revenue
Code. 

The
Company s tax expense differs from the expected tax expense for Federal income tax purposes (computed by applying
the United States Federal tax rate of to loss before taxes for fiscal year 2022 and 2021), as follows: 

State taxes 
 
 - 
 
 Non-deductible items 

Deferred true-ups 

Other 
 
 - 
 
 Change in valuation allowance 

Total 
 - 
 - 

The
tax effects of the temporary differences between reportable financial statement income and taxable income are recognized as deferred
tax assets and liabilities. 

The
tax years 2022 and 2021 remain open to examination by federal agencies and other jurisdictions in which it operates. 

State taxes 

Non-deductible / non-taxable items 
 - 
 - 
 
 Deferred true-up 
 - 

Other 

Valuation allowance 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total provision 

Lease liability 

Intangible assets 

Capitalized research and development costs 
 
 - 
 
 Deferred
 tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Fixed assets 

Deferred
 tax liabilities 

Total gross deferred tax assets 

Less: Deferred tax asset valuation allowance 

Total net deferred taxes 
 - 
 - 

In
assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all
of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of
future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal
of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. 

Because
of the historical earnings history of the Company, the net deferred tax assets for 2022 and 2021 were fully offset by a 100 valuation
allowance. The valuation allowance for the remaining net deferred tax assets was and as of December 31, 2022 and
2021, respectively. The Company is evaluating the foreign reporting requirements as it relates to revenue from foreign sources and has
determined that any accrual would not be material. 

Effective
for tax years beginning after December 31, 2021, taxpayers are required to capitalize any expenses incurred that are considered incidental
to research and experimentation (R E) activities under IRC Section 174. While taxpayers historically had the option of deducting
these expenses under IRC Section 174, the December 2017 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act mandates capitalization and amortization of R E expenses
for tax years beginning after December 31, 2021. Expenses incurred in connection with R E activities in the US must be amortized
over a -year period if incurred, and R E expenses incurred outside the US must be amortized over a -year period. R E activities
are broader in scope than qualified research activities considered under IRC Section 41 (relating to the research tax credit). For the
year ended December 31, 2022, the Company performed an analysis based on available guidance and determined that it will continue to be
in a loss position even after the required capitalization and amortization of its R E expenses. The Company will continue to monitor
this issue for future developments, but it does not expect R E capitalization and amortization to require it to pay cash taxes now
or in the near future. 

(the Subscription Amount and a Class D Common Stock Purchase Warrant (the
 Warrant to purchase up to a number of shares of the Company s common stock equal to the quotient of 250 of the
Subscription Amount divided by the price per share at which shares are sold in the Public Offering (as defined below) (the Warrant
Shares ). 

The
principal amount of the Note must be repaid in full by the Company to the holder of the Note on or before the date that is 90 days following
the issuance of the Note, or May 7, 2023 (the Maturity Date ). If all obligations arising under the Note are not paid or
otherwise satisfied in full on the Maturity Date, then the principal amount of the Note shall be increased from to .
The Note bears no interest. As of March 24, 2023 the Note has not
been repaid by the Company. 

92 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Disclosure
Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure
controls and procedures are defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act to mean controls and other procedures designed to ensure
that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed,
summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include,
without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by an issuer in the reports
that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the issuer s management, including its principal
executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding
required disclosure. 

At
the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K an evaluation was carried out under the supervision of and with the
participation of our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design
and operations of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act). Based on this evaluation,
our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of
December 31, 2022. This conclusion was based on the material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting as further described
below. 

Material
Weaknesses 

A
material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is
a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim consolidated financial statements will not be prevented
or detected and corrected on a timely basis. As previously reported in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
2021, management concluded that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective due to material weaknesses
in our internal control over financial reporting. These material
weaknesses were as follows: 

We
 did not have adequate policies and procedures in place to ensure the timely, effective review
 of assumptions used in measuring the fair value of certain financial instruments, and 
 
 We
 did not have sufficient resources with appropriate knowledge, experience and/or training
 commensurate with our financial reporting requirements to assist us in our timely and efficient
 preparation and review over our financial reporting. 

Our
management concluded that although the Company no longer did not have adequate policies and procedures in place to ensure the timely,
effective review of assumptions used in measuring the fair value of certain financial instruments, the following material
weakness in internal control over financial reporting remained as of December 31, 2022: 

We
 did not have sufficient resources with appropriate knowledge, experience and/or training
 commensurate with our financial reporting requirements to assist us in our timely and efficient
 preparation and review over our financial reporting. 

Remediation
Efforts to Address Material Weakness 

To
remediate the material weakness described above, since December 31, 2022, management has added, or intends to add, controls to further
enhance and revise the design of the existing controls, including the following: 

Implementing
 reassessed design and operation of internal controls over financial reporting and reviewing
 procedures over the preparation of our financial statements. 
 
 Engaging
 of permanent accounting personnel and consultants to provide support during our quarterly
 and annual preparation, review, and reporting of our financial statements. 
 
 Appointing
 of qualified personnel to the key management roles to provide oversight and develop stronger
 controls, policies and procedures. 
 
 Maintaining
 adequate internal qualified personnel to properly supervise and review the information provided
 by outside consulting technical experts to ensure certain significant complex transactions
 and technical matters are properly accounted for. 

93 

We
cannot assure you that these ongoing or planned measures in response to the material weakness in our internal control over financial
reporting will be sufficient to remediate such material weakness or to avoid potential future material weaknesses. 

Internal
Control Over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rule 13a-15(f)
under the Exchange Act. Internal control over financial reporting is defined as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the
issuer s principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, and effected by the issuer s
board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and includes
those policies and procedures that: (1) Pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect
the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the issuer; (2) Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary
to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures
of the issuer are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the issuer; and (3) Provide reasonable
assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the issuer s assets that
could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation
of the effectiveness of internal control to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes
in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate. Under the supervision and with the participation
of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness
of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 using the criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated
Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). Based on our evaluation
using those criteria, our management has concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting was not
effective for the reasons discussed above. 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm on our internal control over
financial reporting because we are a non-accelerated filer and are not subject to auditor attestation requirements under applicable SEC
rules. 

Changes
to Internal Controls and Procedures over Financial Reporting 

There
were no significant changes in our internal controls over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2022. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

As previously reported under Item 5.07 of a Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 28, 2022, on
December 27, 2022, at the Annual Meeting, the stockholders of the Company ratified an amendment to the SIP (the SIP Amendment ).
As stated in the proxy statement on Schedule 14A for the Annual Meeting filed with the SEC on November 10, 2022 (the Proxy Statement ),
the related proposal that was approved by the stockholders was to ratify an amendment to the SIP to increase the number of shares of common
stock available for issuance under the SIP from 5,300,000 shares
to 7,200,000 shares. The adoption of the SIP Amendment and the inclusion of a proposal that the stockholders ratify the SIP Amendment
in the Proxy Statement were approved by the board of directors of the Company in resolutions that were adopted on August 30, 2022 and
October 21, 2022. No other changes were made to the SIP by the SIP Amendment . 

The SIP provides for the grant of certain
equity awards, including (a) ISOs, (b) Nonstatutory Stock Options, (c) SARs, (d) Restricted Stock, (e) RSUs, (f) Stock granted as a
bonus or in lieu of another award, and (g) Performance Awards. The Company s principal executive officer, principal financial
officer, and named executive officers are eligible to receive awards under the SIP. 

A summary of the material terms of the SIP, as amended
by the SIP Amendment, is set forth under Item 11. Executive Compensation Amended and Restated 2021 Stock Incentive Plan ,
and is incorporated by reference into this item. The description of the SIP, as amended by the SIP Amendment, is qualified in its entirety
by reference to the actual terms of the SIP, as amended by the SIP Amendment. Copies of the SIP and the SIP Amendment are attached to
this Annual Report on Form 10-K as Exhibit 10.16 and Exhibit 10.62, respectively, and are incorporated by reference herein. 

ITEM
9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 

Not
applicable. 

94 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Directors
and Executive Officers 

The
following table sets forth information regarding our executive officers and the members of our board of directors. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 David
 Barthel 
 
 65 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer, Secretary and Director 
 
 Dr.
 Vithalbhai Dhaduk 
 
 69 
 
 Chairman
 of the Board and Director 
 
 George
 Kovalyov 
 
 38 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer and Treasurer 
 
 Harrison
 Ross 
 
 31 
 
 Vice
 President of Finance 
 
 Dr.
 Steven Brooks 
 
 53 
 
 Chief
 Medical Officer 
 
 Dr.
 Catherine Pachuk 
 
 66 
 
 Chief
 Scientific Officer and Executive Vice President 
 
 Terry
 Brostowin, Esq. 
 
 63 
 
 Director 
 
 Dr.
 William Hearl 
 
 65 
 
 Director 
 
 Julie
 Kampf 
 
 61 
 
 Director 
 
 Dr.
 Nilesh Patel 
 
 58 
 
 Director 
 
 Michael
 Stewart 
 
 65 
 
 Director 

David
Barthel . Mr. Barthel has served as our Chief Executive Officer since November 2021, as a director since December 2021, and as
our Secretary since October 2022. From March 2021 to November 2021, Mr. Barthel was Chief Executive Officer of HLII and its wholly owned
subsidiary, My Health Logic Inc., a company focused on developing an innovative point-of-care lab-on-chip digital diagnostic device technologies
for chronic kidney disease. My Health Logic Inc., which holds the MATLOC 1 device technology and all accompanying agreements, was acquired
by Marizyme in December 2021. From July 2019 to February 2021, Mr. Barthel was Managing Director at an affiliate company of Henry Schein,
Inc. Mr. Barthel founded The SmartPill Corp. in 2002 and led the company as CEO and President until its acquisition in October 2012 by
medical device giant, Medtronic plc (Nasdaq: MDT). After the acquisition, Mr. Barthel served as Area Vice President, Southeast Division,
at an affiliate company of Medtronic until July 2019. Mr. Barthel earned a Bachelor of Arts Degree from St. Norbert College in De Pere,
Wisconsin, and an MBA from Lake Forest Graduate School of Management in Lake Forest, Illinois. Our board of directors believes that Mr.
Barthel is qualified to serve as a member of the board of directors due to his 25 years of executive leadership of early-stage and large
corporations in the healthcare and medical devices industries. 

Dr.
Vithalbhai Dhaduk. Dr. Dhaduk has been a director since February 2021, and as Chairman since June 2021. From July 2021 to November
2021, Dr. Dhaduk was Interim Chief Executive Officer. Upon Mr. Barthel s appointment as Chief Executive Officer in November 2021,
Dr. Dhaduk resigned his position as Interim Chief Executive Officer. Dr. Dhaduk also serves as the chairman of our Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee. Dr. Dhaduk has more than 30 years professional experience as a neurologist who has served as Head of Neurology
at Professional Neurological Associates for 20 years and Assistant Professor of Neurology at Commonwealth Medical College. Dr. Dhaduk
currently serves as President and Chairman at Professional Neurological Associates (since 1987), Chairman of Dap Dhaduk 1 to 8 (since
1998), Chairman of Caritas International Trading Inc. (since 2011), President and Chairman of Caritas Real Estate Group (since 2011),
President and Chairman of Core Hospitality LLC (since 2011), President and Chairman of Star Real Estate LC (since 2012), President and
Chairman of Coracias Advanced Technology LLC (since 2016), a directors of The Wright Center (since 2017), and President and Chairman
of CorePharma, LLC (since 2018). Previously, Dr. Dhaduk had served as Chairman of Global Pharma Analytics (2012 2019), as President
and Chairman of Somahlution, LLC (2012 2019), President and Chairman of Apicore LLC (2005 2016), President and Chairman
of R D Future Aire Tech (2011 2013), President and Chairman of Neuron Biotech (2007 2013), President and Chairman
of Synerx Pharmaceutical (2007 2013), and as a director on the board of directors at FNCB Bancorp, Inc. (Nasdaq: FNCB, from 2017
to May 2021). Dr. Dhaduk is a managing trustee of charitable trust and past President and Chairman of Saurashtra Patel Cultural Samaj.
Our board of directors believes that Dr. Dhaduk is qualified to serve as a member of the board due to his experience as a director on
various private company boards, and his more than 35 years in the medical profession and as a business owner. 

Dr.
Dhaduk received a Bachelor of Medicine and Bachelor of Surgery in 1980 from M.P. Shah Medical College in Jamngar, India. Dr. Dhaduk has
a Pennsylvania and New Jersey medical licenses (both since 1985), PGY-1 waiver on basis of excellence in post-graduation from the Board
of Psychiatry and Neurology (1984), FLEX (Federal Licensing Examination (1984) and ECFMG Certification (1981). Dr. Dhaduk has received
the following awards: David Dunn Memorial Award for Outstanding Teaching and Study of Neurology, Medical College of Pennsylvania (1986
 1987) and Honors in Medicine, M.P. Shah Medical College, India (1980). Dr. Dhaduk has memberships in Fellow of the American Academy
of Neurology, Pennsylvania Medical Society, Lackawanna County Medical Society, American Medical Association, MS Society, Parkinson s
Support Group, National Headache Foundation, Alzheimer s Support Group and Who s Who Registry. 

Dr.
Dhaduk has published in the Journal of Neurology, Neurosurgery, and Psychiatry the following: Partial Ataxic Hemiparesis (1988) and Polyneuritis
Cranialis in Lyme Disease (1987). He has presented at the following: CT Scan, EEG, and Brain Mapping in Acute Stroke at American Academy
of Neurology (April 1987) and Magnetic Resonance Imaging of Intracranial Vascular Malformations at American Society of Neuroimaging (February
1986). 

95 

George
Kovalyov. Mr. Kovalyov has been our Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer since December 2021. Since November 2022, Mr.
Kovalyov has been a director of DGTL Holdings Inc. (TSXV:DGTL) (OTCQB:DGTHF). Previously he served as the chief operating officer
and director of HLII from September 2020 to November 2021, and as HLII s chief financial officer from December 2021 to
September 2022. In addition, Mr. Kovalyov served as a director and audit committee member of Margaret Lake Diamonds Inc. (TSXV:
DIA) from January 2021 to August 2022. From September 2018 to September 2020, Mr. Kovalyov was VP of Finance and director of Phivida
Holdings Inc. (CSE:VIDA), a premier brand of cannabidiol-infused foods, beverages and clinical products. From October 2016 to
September 2020, he was the principal owner of Schindler and Company, an accounting consulting firm. Mr. Kovalyov is a chartered
accountant and is a member of Chartered Professional Accountants of Canada. He graduated from Kwantlen University College with a
Bachelor of Business Administration (BBA), Accounting. 

Harrison Ross. Mr. Ross has been our
Vice President of Finance since December 2021. Previously he had served as the chief financial officer of HLII from July 2020 to November
2021, and has served as HLII s chief executive officer and director since December 2021. In addition, Mr. Ross has served as a director
of Cypher Metaverse Inc. (formerly Codebase Ventures Inc.) (CSE:CODE) (FSE:C5B) (OTCQB:BKLLF) since October 2021. From November 2017 to
October 2020, he was CFO of DC Acquisition Corp., a Canadian Capital Pool Company that completed a reverse takeover of a Canada-focused
retail company that currently trades on the Toronto Stock Exchange. Mr. Ross was simultaneously working part-time for the family-owned
company Graymont Limited from January 2017 to December 2019 and before that was an equity analyst at the investment-management firm Duncan
Ross and Associates from June 2016 to January 2018. In 2017, Mr. Ross became a CFA Charterholder and in 2013 Mr. Ross received his bachelor s
degree from the University of Western Ontario in Business and Organizational Studies with a specialization in accounting. 

Dr.
Steven Brooks. Dr. Brooks has been our Executive VP of Medical and Regulatory Affairs, Chief Medical Officer since December 2020.
Since June 2014, Dr. Brooks has been the principal of Brooks Medtech, LLC, a medical technology consulting firm. Since January 2021,
Dr. Brooks has also been Vice President of Medical Sciences and Regulatory Affairs of Vita Therapeutics, LLC, a biotechnology company.
Dr. Brooks has more than 20 years in medicine and industry supporting the commercialization of medical innovation, including medical
devices, mHealth, drugs, biologics and combination products. Dr. Brooks interests include evidence development, clinical trial
design and execution, regulatory and reimbursement strategy and healthcare market strategy. 

Previously
Dr. Brooks was an Interventional Cardiologist at University of Maryland Medical Center and private practice, and then a Medical Officer
at the FDA for six years in Center for Devices and Radiological Health in the Division of Cardiovascular Devices. 

Dr.
Brooks has held positions with the life science consulting firms NDA Partners, Popper Company, and Sage Growth Partners. He is
CMO for Global Interconnect and is the Senior VP of Medical Sciences and Regulatory Affairs for Vita Therapeutics, LLC. He previously
held the positions of CMO for Cardiocube, LLC and VP of Regulatory Affairs and Health Economics for Ablative Solutions, Inc. 

Dr.
Brooks achieved his MD degree at the University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine, and Residency, Cardiology and Interventional Cardiology
Fellowships at University of Pittsburgh Medical Center. He received his MBA from the Johns Hopkins Carey School of Business in the Business
of Medicine Program, and a B.A at Duke University. 

Dr.
Catherine Pachuk. Dr. Pachuk has been our Chief Scientific Officer and Executive Vice President since July 2020. Prior to our
acquisition of the Somahlution Assets in July 2020, Dr. Pachuk had been Somahlution s Chief Scientific Officer and Executive Vice
President since June 2011. Dr. Pachuk has more than 25 years of research and development leadership experience in the pharmaceutical
and biotech sectors with expertise in both drug, device, and vaccine development with significant experience in nucleic acid based therapeutic
platforms including ASO, RNAi and nucleic acid-based vaccines. Dr. Pachuk s key areas of therapeutic focus are viral diseases including
Hepatitis B, Hepatitis C, metabolic disease, HCC, and indications associated with ischemia reperfusion injury. Dr. Pachuk was involved
in advancing multiple medical devices into the clinic and market including several first-in-man compounds. Dr. Pachuk received her Ph.D.
in molecular virology from the University of Pennsylvania where she studied the molecular biology of coronaviruses. Dr. Pachuk also has
a dual Regulatory Affairs Certificate from RAPS (Regulatory Affairs Professional Society) in Medical Devices and Pharmaceuticals. 

Following
a post-doctoral fellowship at SmithKline Beecham, Dr. Pachuk joined Apollon, Inc. to develop programs in oligonucleotide-based therapeutics,
and subsequently DNA-based vaccines for both viral and oncology indications. Following the acquisition of Apollon, Inc. by Wyeth-Ayerst
Research in 1998, Dr. Pachuk continued to direct several vaccine programs which resulted in several plasmid-based vaccine products being
advanced into clinical trials. During this time, Dr. Pachuk worked with FDA S CBER division in the drafting of a Points
to Consider document regarding considerations for administration of plasmid DNA compounds in humans. In 2001, Dr. Pachuk co-founded
Nucleonics, a biotech focused on the development of RNAi-based therapeutics, one of which was advanced into clinical studies in Chronic
Hepatitis B patients. Until April of 2008, Dr. Pachuk was VP of Preclinical Research. Dr. Pachuk then went on to lead biology and preclinical
development efforts for Pfizer s oligonucleotide therapeutic programs (ASO and siRNA) in the areas of oncology and metabolic disease
and was a member of the Executive Leadership Team. Dr. Pachuk also has significant experience in nucleic-acid delivery and has led nucleic
acid-delivery and formulation development programs for ASO, plasmid-based therapeutics, and siRNA at Apollon/Wyeth Vaccines, Nucleonics
and Pfizer. Dr. Pachuk also was responsible for obtaining more than 1.8 million dollars in government and private grants. 

Dr.
Pachuk is currently a Scientific Advisory Board member for Ocugen Inc. where Dr. Pachuk advises on the development of a COVID-19 vaccine
and is currently an invited expert curator for the American Society of Microbiology s COVID-19 research registry. Dr. Pachuk is
also an adjunct faculty member at both Florida Atlantic University and Baruch Blumberg Institute. 

96 

Terry
Brostowin, Esq. Mr. Brostowin has been a member of our board of directors since December 2018. Mr. Brostowin also is a member
of its Audit Committee and Compensation Committee. Mr. Brostowin is an attorney admitted to the Federal Courts in both the Eastern and
Southern Districts of New York and the District of New Jersey. Mr. Brostowin has been President of Brostowin Associates, PC, since
December 2016. Mr. Brostowin has extensive expertise in contracts and commercial litigation. Mr. Brostowin has provided his opinion to
the New York City Mayor s office of judicial screening committees on judicial reappointments and was a compliance specialist ensuring
the Department of Correction s compliance with various Federal Court ordered mandates and ensured the financial integrity of various
vendors doing business with the Financial Systems Division. Mr. Brostowin has been affiliated with the law firm Brostowin Associates,
PC, since 2009. Our board of directors believes that Mr. Brostowin is qualified to serve as a member of the board due to his experience
as a practicing attorney for almost 25 years. 

Dr.
William Hearl. Dr. Hearl has been a member of our board of directors since October 2020. Dr. Hearl also serves as a member of
the Company s Audit Committee, Compensation Committee and its Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. Dr. Hearl is the founder
of Immunomic Therapeutics, Inc. and has served as its chief executive officer, chairman, and president since January 2006. Dr. Hearl
is an experienced and successful life science businessman and entrepreneur. Dr. Hearl is adept at brokering mutually beneficial partnerships
and identifying non-traditional collaborations and investment opportunities. 

Dr.
Hearl is also a founder of Capital Genomix, Inc. CGI ), a Maryland-based biomarker and drug discovery Company and served
as its first chief executive officer from inception in 2000 to late 2002 when he assumed the role of chief scientific officer. Dr. Hearl
raised seed funds and Series A B funding for CGI (approximately 5 million in cash/debt). Dr. Hearl also acquired the Dynex Technologies
division of Thermo Scientific in a leveraged acquisition deal, which was subsequently divested and yielded a remarkable tenfold return
to CGI. 

Dr.
Hearl is also responsible for the acquisition and development of the core technologies of Capital Genomix: GeneSystem320 TM was
licensed exclusively from MD Anderson Cancer Center and the ImmunoMouse TM was invented by Dr. Hearl. Dr. Hearl also has an
established record of scientific productivity over his 20 years of work in the biotech industry. He started his career as a bench scientist
at Electro-Nucleonics, Inc. and developed blood-based diagnostics for HIV, HTLV-I and Hepatitis C. He later worked at Life Technologies
and directed the immunodetection group. Under Dr. Hearl s direction, the lab developed a number of innovative antibody-based detection
kits and reagents. He moved into scientific management when he became the director of research and development at Kirkegaard Perry
Laboratories, Inc. in 1994. 

Dr.
Hearl received his Ph.D. in biochemistry from the University of Tennessee and B.S. from East Tennessee State University. 

Our
board of directors believes that Dr. Hearl is qualified to serve as a member of the board due to his experience as a biotech / biopharma
executive having successfully guided Immuomic Therapeutics to profitability over the last 15 years. He has raised more than 400 million
in equity and non-dilutive capital highlighted by his major transaction with Astellas Pharma in 2015. He has served on numerous boards
included the Maryland Governor s Life Science Advisory Board and has a substantial network of business contacts including into
international market in Japan and South Korea. Dr. Hearl was a finalist for the Maryland Tech Council CEO of the Year in 2021 and is
recognized as a leader in the biotech business community in Maryland. 

Julie
Kampf. Ms. Kampf has been a member of our board of directors since February 2021. Ms. Kampf serves as chairman of the Company s
Compensation Committee and also serves as a member of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. Since April 2022, Ms. Kampf
has also been a director of EOM Pharmaceutical Holdings, Inc. (OTC: IMUC), and a director of Jupiter Neurosciences, Inc. since September
2021. 

Ms.
Kampf is a global business executive and thought leader on talent and diversity, with 30 years of experience in the life science and
retail/consumer fashion industries and on not-for-profit boards of directors. Ms. Kampf is currently Chief Executive Officer of JBK Associates
International, which she founded in 2003, and which has grown to become a multi-million-dollar company and one of INC s fastest
growing private companies, four consecutive years, beginning in 2011. Ms. Kampf has a reputation for delivering results that exceed expectations
working with life science company CEOs and boards, ranging from companies included in the Fortune 100 to early-stage startup companies. 

Ms.
Kampf has significant not-for-profit board and advisory committee experience having served on Howard University s School of Communications
Board of Visitors, where she helped launch an entrepreneurial incubator and established an award for student entrepreneurs. Her not-for-profit
board service spans the Linkage Diversity Summit, Enterprising Women magazine, International Association of Corporate and Professional
Recruitment, Girl Scout Council of Bergen County, Guiding Eyes for the Blind. Additionally, Ms. Kampf has served on the Executive Committee
of Good Grief, a national leader in delivering grief services to children and their families. 

Ms.
Kampf was president of the 1,750-member HBA (Healthcare Businesswomen s Association) Metro Chapter, where she co-founded a successful
mentoring program. At the same time as a founding member of Bergen County s Women United in Philanthropy, Ms. Kampf helped launch
the area s largest grantor giving circle focused on women s issues. 

Ms.
Kampf has received numerous awards, including having been recognized as one of New Jersey s Best 50 Women in Business, an Enterprising
Woman of The Year, an Ernst Young Entrepreneurial Winning Woman, and a Brava Smart CEO Winner. In 2013 and 2009, Ms. Kampf was
recognized as one of the PharmaVoice 100 most inspiring people in the Life Science Industry. 

97 

Ms.
Kampf earned a BA in Political Science from the University of Rhode Island, where she minored in Marketing. 

Our
board of directors believes that Ms. Kampf is qualified to serve as a member of the board due to her experience holding executive committee
positions on non-profit boards and having been the president of a non-profit board with more than 1,700 members. Additionally, Ms. Kampf
serves public companies in her business life and works directly with public company boards in many cases. Ms. Kampf has built a business
from the group up to a multi-million-dollar businesses; therefore Ms. Kampf is keenly aware of the drivers for growth. Ms. Kampf is a
compensation expert given the work that she does in the search industry, and her knowledge of talent management, culture and diversity. 

Dr.
Nilesh Patel. Dr. Patel has been a member of our board of directors since April 2022. Dr. Patel has been a practicing physician
with and Chairman of Advanced Cardiovascular Specialists LLC since August 2013. Our board of directors believes that Dr. Patel is qualified
to serve as a member of the board due to his experience as a director, ten years of practice in the medical profession, and as a business
owner. 

Mr.
Michael Stewart. Mr. Stewart has been a member of our board of directors since June 2022. Mr. Steward also serves as chairman
of the Company s Audit Committee. Mr. Stewart has served as the Chief Operating Officer and a director of CyDuct, LLC, a bioinformatics
startup, since January 2018. Since May 2022, Mr. Stewart has also served as a director of The Lotus Group Inc., doing business as GlobalMed
Technologies, a health technology company. Since November 2016, Mr. Stewart has also been a consultant for various clients. From June
2018 to April 2019, Mr. Stewart was a consultant and director of Gadsden Properties, Inc., formerly known as FC Global Realty Incorporated,
a formerly-public real estate development company. From May 2017 to June 2018, Mr. Stewart was the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial
Officer, the chairman of the Audit Committee and a member of the Compensation Committee and Governance Committee of Gadsden Properties.
From December 2014 to October 2016, Mr. Stewart was the Chief Executive Officer, President and a director of Strata Skin Sciences, Inc.
(Nasdaq: SSKN), a public medical devices company. From December 2002 to December 2014, Mr. Stewart was Executive Vice President and Chief
Operating Officer of PhotoMedex, Inc., a formerly-public medical device company, now known as Gadsden Properties, Inc. From October 1999
to December 2002, Mr. Stewart was Chief Executive Officer and President and a director of Surgical Laser Technologies, Inc., a medical
devices company. From October 1990 to December 1999, Mr. Stewart was Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Surgical Laser Technologies.
From July 1983 to October 1990, Mr. Stewart was a financial manager at Decision One Corporation, a computer products company. From July
1980 to July 1983, Mr. Stewart was an accountant at Texaco, Inc., now owned by Chevron Corporation (NYSE: CVX), a public energy company.
Mr. Stewart earned a Bachelor of Science degree in Accounting and a Master of Business Administration in Finance from La Salle University.
The board of directors believes that Mr. Stewart is qualified to serve as a member of the board due to his many years of executive leadership
at early-stage and public companies in the healthcare and medical devices industries and financial expertise. 

Family
Relationships 

There
are no family relationships among any of our directors or executive officers. 

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings 

Except
as described below, none of our directors or executive officers has, during the past ten years: 

been
 convicted in a criminal proceeding or been subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding
 traffic violations and other minor offences); 

had
 any bankruptcy petition filed by or against the business or property of the person, or of
 any partnership, corporation or business association of which he was a general partner or
 executive officer, either at the time of the bankruptcy filing or within two years prior
 to that time; 

been
 subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated,
 of any court of competent jurisdiction or federal or state authority, permanently or temporarily
 enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting, his involvement in any type of business,
 securities, futures, commodities, investment, banking, savings and loan, or insurance activities,
 or to be associated with persons engaged in any such activity; 

been
 found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the SEC or the Commodity
 Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities
 law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated; 

been
 the subject of, or a party to, any federal or state judicial or administrative order, judgment,
 decree, or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated (not including any settlement
 of a civil proceeding among private litigants), relating to an alleged violation of any federal
 or state securities or commodities law or regulation, any law or regulation respecting financial
 institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent
 injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent
 cease-and-desist order, or removal or prohibition order, or any law or regulation prohibiting
 mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or 

been
 the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended
 or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange
 Act (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(26))), any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the
 Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1(a)(29))), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity
 or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with
 a member. 

98 

Committees
of the Board of Directors 

Our
board of directors has the authority to appoint committees to perform certain management and administration functions. On January 26,
2022, the Board restructured its committees and established or reestablished an Audit Committee, a Compensation Committee, and a Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee. The board also adopted a committee charter for the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee, and
the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. The committee charters are available on our website at https://www.marizyme.com. 

In
addition, our board of directors may, from time to time, designate one or more additional committees, which shall have the duties and
powers granted to it by our board of directors. 

Audit
Committee Members 

Michael
Stewart, Terry Brostowin, and Dr. William Hearl, each of whom satisfies the independence requirements of Rule 10A-3 under
the Exchange Act and Nasdaq s rules, were selected to serve on our Audit Committee, with Mr. Stewart serving as the chairman. Mr.
Stewart has been determined by our board to be qualified as an audit committee financial expert as defined under Item 407(d)(5)(ii)
and (iii) of Regulation S-K. 

Material
Changes to Director Nomination Procedures 

There
have been no material changes to the procedures by which stockholders may recommend nominees to our board of directors since such procedures
were last disclosed. 

Code
of Business Conduct and Ethics 

We
have adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to all of our directors, officers and employees, including our principal
executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer. Such Code of Business Conduct and Ethics addresses,
among other things, honesty and ethical conduct, conflicts of interest, compliance with laws, regulations and policies, including disclosure
requirements under the federal securities laws, and reporting of violations of the code. 

A
copy of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics has been filed as an exhibit to this report. The full text of the Code of Business Conduct
and Ethics is also posted on our website at https://www.marizyme.com/. We are required to disclose any amendment to, or waiver from,
a provision of our code of ethics applicable to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer,
controller, or persons performing similar functions. We intend to use our website as a method of disseminating this disclosure as well
as by SEC filings, as permitted or required by applicable SEC rules. Any such disclosure will be posted to our website within four (4)
business days following the date of any such amendment to, or waiver from, a provision of our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. 

Delinquent
Section 16(a) Reports 

Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act requires the Company s directors, executive officers and persons who beneficially own 10 or more of
a class of securities registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act to file reports of beneficial ownership and changes in beneficial
ownership with the SEC. Directors, executive officers and greater than 10 stockholders are required by the rules and regulations of
the SEC to furnish the Company with copies of all reports filed by them in compliance with Section 16(a). 

99 

Based
solely on our review of certain reports filed with the SEC pursuant to Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act, or Section 16(a), the reports
required to be filed pursuant to Section 16(a) during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 or in prior years, were timely filed except
as otherwise disclosed in our previous filings with the SEC, or as follows: Dr. William Hearl, did not timely file a Form 4; and Dr.
Nilesh Patel, a director, did not timely file a Form 3. 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The
following table presents information regarding the total compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid to each person serving as Chief
Executive Officer during the year ended December 31, 2022 and other individuals as required by Item 402(m)(2) of Regulation S-K, during
the noted periods. These individuals are our named executive officers for 2022. 

The
following table sets forth information concerning all cash and non-cash compensation awarded to, earned by or paid to all individuals
who served as the Company s principal executive officer or acting in similar capacity during the last two completed fiscal years,
regardless of compensation level, and other individuals as required by Item 402(m)(2) of Regulation S-K, during the noted periods. 

Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus ) 
 Stock Awards ) 
 Option Awards ) 
 Nonequity Incentive Plan Compensation ) 
 Non- qualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ) 
 All Other Compensation ) 
 Total ) 
 
 David Barthel, 
 2022 
 350,000 
 - 
 - 
 - (1) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 350,000 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 2021 
 58,336 
 - 
 - 
 503,997 (2) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 562,333 

Dr. Catherine Pachuk, 
 2022 
 325,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 325,000 
 
 Chief Scientific Officer and Executive Vice President 
 2021 
 298,750 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 298,750 

Dr. Steven Brooks, 
 2022 
 300,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 300,000 
 
 Chief Medical Officer 
 2021 
 300,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 300,000 

(1) See footnote (2) below. On February 8, 2022, an outstanding option granted
to David Barthel to purchase 400,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 2.25 was amended, resulting in the deemed cancellation
of the original option, and the grant of a replacement option for the same number of shares at an exercise price of 1.75 per share. The
incremental fair value, computed as of the repricing or modification date in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718, with respect to that
repriced or modified award, was computed based on the assumptions described in footnote 3 to the Company s unaudited financial statements
included with this registration statement. 

(2)
David Barthel was granted an option to purchase 400,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 2.25 per share, subject to vesting
conditions, on October 31, 2021. The grant date fair value was computed in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718 based on the assumptions
described in footnote 3 to the Company s unaudited financial statements included with this registration statement. 

100 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End of Named Executive Officers 

As
of December 31, 2022, the following named executive officers had the following unexercised options, stock that has not vested, and equity
incentive plan awards: 

Option Awards 
 Stock Awards 
 
 Name 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Unexercisable 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Unearned Options (#) 
 Option Exercise Price ) 
 Option Expiration Date 
 Number of Shares or Units of Stock Not Vested (#) 
 Market Value of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested ) 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested (#) 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Market or Payout Value of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested ) 
 
 David Barthel, Chief Executive Officer 
 160,000 (1) 
 240,000 (1) 
 - 
 1.75 
 10/31/2031 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Dr. Catherine Pachuk, Chief Scientific Officer and Executive Vice President 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Dr. Steven Brooks, Chief Medical Officer 
 26,666 (2) 
 13,334 (2) 
 - 
 1.25 
 11/30/2030 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

(1)
David Barthel was granted an option to purchase 400,000 shares of common stock on October 31, 2021. The option vested as to 40,000 shares
upon grant, and the balance of 360,000 shares will vest quarterly over a three-year period in equal 30,000-share installments. 

(2)
Dr. Steven Brooks was granted an option to purchase 40,000 shares of common stock on December 1, 2020. The option is subject
to vesting in quarterly equal installments over three years. 

Executive
Compensation Agreements 

David
Barthel 

On
October 31, 2021, the Company entered into an executive employment agreement (the CEO Employment Agreement ), with Mr. Barthel
setting forth the terms of the compensation for his services as Chief Executive Officer of the Company. Pursuant to the CEO Employment
Agreement, Mr. Barthel is entitled to an annual fixed gross salary of 350,000. Upon execution of the CEO Employment Agreement, Mr. Barthel
received incentive stock options, or ISOs, to purchase 400,000 shares of the Company s common stock at the agreed upon fair market
price of 2.25 per share. On February 8, 2022, the board of directors determined to approve an amendment to the CEO Employment Agreement
to provide that the fair market price of the ISOs be amended to 1.75 per share of common stock. The board of directors made this determination
in part based on recent arms -length transactions with certain private placement investors in the Units Private Placement, in which
such investors purchased units comprised of a secured Convertible Note, convertible into common stock at a price per share of 1.75,
subject to adjustment, as well as a Class C Warrant to purchase two shares of common stock with an exercise price equal to the lower
of (i) 2.25 per share, subject to adjustment, or (ii) 75 of the cash price per share to be paid by the purchasers in a qualified
financing as defined in the applicable unit purchase agreement. In addition, Mr. Barthel will be eligible to receive certain equity
in the form of ISOs of the Company based upon the attainment of certain metrics, as follows: Nasdaq Listing 100,000 ISOs; FDA
approval of DuraGraft 75,000 ISOs; FDA approval of MATLOC 1 75,000 ISOs; Material 3 rd Party Partnerships for
DuraGraft 50,000 ISOs; and Material 3 rd Party Partnerships for MATLOC 1 50,000 ISOs. All ISOs listed above
will have 10 vesting upon grant and the balance will vest quarterly over a three (3) year period in equal installments. Mr. Barthel
must be employed with the Company in good standing at the time any such ISOs are awarded according to the milestones set forth above.
In the event that Mr. Barthel s employment is terminated prior to any milestone being achieved, he will forfeit his right to receive
such ISOs. Mr. Barthel is also eligible to participate in all employee benefit plans, including health insurance, commensurate with his
position. Mr. Barthel will receive 3,000 per month to cover healthcare and related expenses. Mr. Barthel s employment is at-will
and may be terminated by him or by the Company at any time. Through October 31, 2022, if the Company had terminated Mr. Barthel s
employment with the Company without Cause (as defined in the CEO Employment Agreement), and if Mr. Barthel had executed a full release
in favor of the Company (in a form acceptable to the Company, which would have included non-competition, non-solicitation, and non-disparagement
provisions), the Company would only have been required to pay Mr. Barthel the total sum equal to six months of his gross annual salary.
Beginning November 1, 2022, if the Company terminates Mr. Barthel s employment with the Company without Cause, and if Mr. Barthel
executes a full release in favor of the Company, the Company will only pay Mr. Barthel the total sum equal to 12 months of his annual
gross salary. In the event of a termination with Cause, or in the event of a resignation by Mr. Barthel, Mr. Barthel will not be entitled
to any separation payment or any other post-termination severance. The CEO Employment Agreement contains customary confidentiality provisions
and restrictive covenants prohibiting Mr. Barthel from (i) owning or operating a business that competes with the Company during the term
of his employment and for a period of 18 months following the termination of his employment or (ii) soliciting the Company s employees
for a period of 18 months following the termination of his employment. 

On
August 22, 2022, Mr. Barthel executed a limited waiver and consent agreement waiving his option exercise rights. The limited waiver and
consent agreement was to expire on December 31, 2022, or if earlier to occur, upon the approval of an increase in the number of the authorized
shares of common stock under the Company s articles of incorporation by the Company s stockholders by majority written consent
or via stockholder vote at the Company s next stockholder meeting and the implementation of such increase, which were to occur
as soon as practicable after such stockholder approval. On December 27, 2022, we held the Annual Meeting. At the Annual Meeting, stockholders
holding shares of common stock in the Company representing at least a majority of the voting power approved, among other matters, the
Authorized Capital Increase. As a result, the limited waiver and consent agreement expired in accordance with its terms. 

101 

George
Kovalyov 

On
December 21, 2021, the Company entered into a consulting agreement (the CFO Consulting Agreement ), with George Kovalyov,
its Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, and AAT Services Inc., a corporation incorporated pursuant to the laws of British Columbia,
Canada and, together with Mr. Kovalyov, the CFO Consultant . Under the CFO Consulting Agreement, the Company engaged the
CFO Consultant for a 12-month term to provide such services as the Company may from time to time request, including, without limiting
the generality of the foregoing, the following: Proper filing with the SEC of quarterly and annual reports; budgeting, allocation of
capital, and payroll processes; assistance in the preparation of a Form S-1 and other Nasdaq listing preparations; assistance with corporate
governance creations and procedures; the creation of valuation reports for the Company s products and medical devices such as DuraGraft,
MATLOC 1 and Krillase; preparation of investment material for current and prospective stockholders; general business development; and
seeking potential partners and financing opportunities. 

Under
the CFO Consulting Agreement, the Company will pay the CFO Consultant a monthly base salary of 7,143 and reimburse
all reasonable business-related travel and other business expenses. Notwithstanding this provision, the Company has paid the CFO Consultant 7,200 per month based on the understanding
that such amount was the intended compensation. The Company will also grant the following equity compensation: (i)
cashless warrants to purchase 100,000 shares of common stock of the Company, with an exercise price of 1.26 per share, expiring on December
21, 2026; (ii) options to purchase 200,000 shares of common stock of the Company, vesting monthly over two years, with an exercise price
of 1.75 per share, expiring on December 21, 2031; and (iii) 175,000 restricted shares of common stock of the Company, subject to the
following milestone vesting schedule: (a) 75,000 restricted shares will vest upon the Company successfully listing its common stock on
Nasdaq or the NYSE; 50,000 restricted shares will vest upon any Company financing after January 1, 2022 of debt or equity in which the
gross proceeds equal or exceed 5,000,000; (c) 25,000 restricted shares will vest upon the completion of valuation reports for both Somahlution
LLC and HLII; and (d) 25,000 restricted shares will vest upon a material commercial partnership for MATLOC 1. The CFO Consultant will
not receive any other employee benefits from the Company. AAT Services Inc. is subject to a side agreement, under which the granting
of its restricted shares will occur upon vesting. Under a limited waiver and consent agreement, AAT Services Inc. waived its exercise
rights under its options until certain conditions were met or December 31, 2022, whichever were to occur first. On December 27, 2022,
such conditions were met, and as a result, the limited waiver and consent agreement expired in accordance with its terms. 

The
CFO Consulting Agreement automatically renews for additional six-month terms and may be terminated by either party upon 30 days 
notice. If the CFO Consultant is terminated without cause prior to the end of the term, the Company must pay the CFO Consultant 21,429.00
in severance as well as any other due and unpaid compensation. The CFO Consulting Agreement provides for customary confidentiality and
non-solicitation terms. 

On
March 3, 2022, we designated Mr. Kovalyov as a recipient of part of the unexercised portion of a fully-vested option to purchase 1,100,000
shares of common stock at 1.01 that we and our designees purchased from a former executive. The designated option is exercisable to
purchase 273,750 shares of common stock. The option was granted on March 17, 2022, and expires on March 16, 2024. In connection with
this stock option designation, Mr. Kovalyov paid the former executive 25,000. The Company recorded the change in ownership upon proof
of Mr. Kovalyov s payment for such option and the Company did not pay or receive cash or other consideration for the repurchase
and designation of the stock option. 

Dr.
Steven Brooks 

On
December 1, 2020, Dr. Steven Brooks signed an offer letter from us accepting the position as our Chief Medical Officer effective as of
that date. This position provides annual compensation of 300,000, an annual discretionary bonus of potentially 25 of base salary based
upon discretionary objectives to be outlined, and options to purchase 40,000 shares of common stock. We also provided Dr. Brooks a benefit
package to include insurance coverage. 

102 

Catherine
Pachuk 

Under
an Executive Employment Agreement, dated July 26, 2021, with Dr. Catherine Pachuk, we agreed to appoint Dr. Pachuk as our Chief Scientific
Officer and Executive Vice President. Under the agreement, Dr. Pachuk s annual salary is 325,000. If terminated without cause
through August 31, 2022, Dr. Pachuk is entitled to eight months severance payments. If terminated without cause after August 1,
2022, Dr. Pachuk is entitled to six months severance payments. If terminated with cause, Dr. Pachuk is not entitled to any post-termination
or severance compensation. Dr. Pachuk is eligible for all standard employee benefits and certain holiday and leave allowances. The agreement
contains standard intellectual property assignment, non-competition, non-solicitation, non-association, non-disparagement, and confidentiality
provisions. Dr. Pachuk s employment is at-will, and may be terminated at any time, with or without cause, provided that in the
case of termination with cause based solely on a finding of breach of her agreement, Dr. Pachuk will be given written notice of such
breach and 15 days in which to cure it. 

Other
Management Compensation 

Bradley
Richmond 

Bradley
Richmond was appointed our Acting Vice President of Finance on July 19, 2021. Mr. Richmond resigned from this position upon the appointment
of Harrison Ross as Vice President of Finance on December 21, 2021. Previously, on September 30, 2020, we entered into a consulting agreement
with Mr. Richmond pursuant to which we engaged Mr. Richmond to act as a licensing and market advisor providing services to us relating
to the introduction of licensing, joint venture, and other business development transactions. Under this agreement, Mr. Richmond specifically
agreed that he would not solicit investments, make any recommendations regarding investments or provide any analysis or advice regarding
investments. Under the agreement, Mr. Richmond received a non-refundable retainer of 50,000 paid as follows: 25,000 in 20,000 shares
of common stock issued on December 29, 2020, with an estimated value of 1.25 per share; 12,500 on October 1, 2020; and 12,500 on November
1, 2020. Also pursuant to the agreement, we issued Mr. Richmond a warrant to purchase up to 36,364 shares of our common stock with an
exercise price of 1.375 per share and an expiration date of October 2, 2026. In addition, we agreed to pay Mr. Richmond a fee on any
 revenue or value to the Company from his consulting activities outlined as follows, but to be memorialized under a separate
written agreement: A cash payment equal to 5 on the first 10 million of value, 3 on the next 90 million of value, and 1.5 on any
value above 90 million. Mr. Richmond was also entitled to receive 100 warrant coverage on the same scale. Revenue or value 
are defined in the agreement to mean net revenue, which will include any royalty that is paid out, net of the cost of the product. The
consulting agreement terminated according to its terms on September 30, 2022. 

In
exchange for services that Mr. Richmond rendered to us under his consulting agreement, on each of January 26, 2022 and February 14, 2022,
we granted Mr. Richmond a warrant to purchase up to 150,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 0.01 per share, issuable
immediately. Mr. Richmond fully exercised both of the warrants in March 2022 for 300,000 shares. Pursuant to the October 2022 Letter
Agreement entered into with the Company, Mr. Richmond, a registered representative of Univest, agreed to forego his rights to such shares
of common stock, as the FINRA Staff determined that such shares constituted underwriting compensation in connection with this public
offering based on the FINRA Staff s interpretation of FINRA Rule 5110 (see Item 7. Management s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Key Highlights of Fiscal Year 2022 October 2022 Letter Agreement ). 

After
Mr. Richmond s resignation from the position as Acting Vice President of Finance upon the appointment of Harrison Ross as Vice
President of Finance on December 21, 2021, Mr. Richmond continued to serve as an employee of Marizyme until September 24, 2022. During
his employment with us, Mr. Richmond assisted in management of our compliance, personnel and human resources departments as well as our
management team, in filling the gap created by a continuing lack of human and financial resources to enable us to advance our operations.
Mr. Richmond significantly decreased such services by the end of 2021 and ceased providing such services as of September 24, 2022. Mr.
Richmond s services to us in this capacity were not related to his role as a registered representative of Univest and the services
Univest provides to us in connection with its position as the representative of the underwriters for the
Company s proposed public offering. From July 2021 to June 2022, we paid Mr. Richmond 5,000 per month as employment
compensation for his services to us in this capacity and from July 2022 to September 24, 2022, we paid Mr. Richmond 2,000 per month. 

On
March 3, 2022, we designated Mr. Richmond as a recipient of part of the unexercised portion of a fully-vested option to purchase 1,100,000
shares of common stock at 1.01 that we purchased from a former executive. The designated option is exercisable to purchase 273,750 shares
of common stock. The option was granted on March 17, 2022, and expires on March 16, 2024. The Company recorded the change in ownership
upon proof of Mr. Richmond s payment for such option and the Company did not pay or receive cash or other consideration in connection
with the purchase of such option. Pursuant to the October 2022 Letter Agreement entered into with the Company, Mr. Richmond agreed to
forego his rights to such option, effectively unwinding such transaction, and we and Mr. Richmond agreed to the transfer of such option
to a Company designee who is unaffiliated with Mr. Richmond, in accordance with the FINRA Staff s interpretation of Rule 5110 (see
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Key Highlights of Fiscal
Year 2022 October 2022 Letter Agreement ). 

Harrison
Ross 

On
December 21, 2021, the Company entered into a consulting agreement (the VP-Finance Consulting Agreement ), with Harrison
Ross, its Vice President of Finance, and Rydra Capital Corp., a corporation incorporated pursuant to the laws of British Columbia, Canada
and, together with Mr. Ross, the VP-Finance Consultant . Under the VP-Finance Consulting Agreement, the Company engaged
the VP-Finance Consultant for a 12-month term to provide such services as the Company may from time to time request, including, without
limiting the generality of the foregoing, the following: Budgeting, allocation of capital, and payroll processes; assistance in the preparation
of a Form S-1 and other Nasdaq listing preparations; assistance with corporate governance creations and procedures; the creation of valuation
reports for the Company s products and medical devices such as DuraGraft, MATLOC and Krillase; and assistance in the preparation
of investment material for current and prospective stockholders. 

103 

Under
the VP-Finance Consulting Agreement, the Company will pay the VP-Finance Consultant a monthly base salary of 7,200 and reimburse all
reasonable business-related travel and other business expenses. The Company will also grant the following equity compensation: (i) cashless
warrants to purchase 100,000 shares of common stock of the Company, with an exercise price of 1.26 per share, expiring on December 21,
2026; (ii) options to purchase 200,000 shares of common stock of the Company, vesting monthly over two years, with an exercise price
of 1.75 per share, expiring on December 21, 2031; and (iii) 175,000 restricted shares of common stock of the Company, subject to the
following milestone vesting schedule: (a) 75,000 restricted shares will vest upon the Company successfully listing its common stock on
Nasdaq or the NYSE; 50,000 restricted shares will vest upon any Company financing after January 1, 2022 of debt or equity in which the
gross proceeds equal or exceed 5,000,000; (c) 25,000 restricted shares will vest upon the completion of valuation reports for both Somahlution
LLC and HLII; and (d) 25,000 restricted shares will vest upon a material commercial partnership for MATLOC. The VP-Finance Consultant
will not receive any other employee benefits from the Company. Rydra Capital Corp. is subject to a side agreement, under which the granting
of its restricted shares will occur upon vesting. Under a limited waiver and consent agreement, Rydra Capital Corp. waived its exercise
rights under its options until certain conditions were met or December 31, 2022, whichever occurs first. On December 27, 2022, such conditions
were met, and as a result, the limited waiver and consent agreement expired in accordance with its terms. 

The
VP-Finance Consulting Agreement automatically renews for additional six-month terms and may be terminated by either party upon 30 days 
notice. If the VP-Finance Consultant is terminated without cause prior to the end of the term, the Company must pay the VP-Finance Consultant
 21,600 in severance as well as any other due and unpaid compensation. The VP-Finance Consulting Agreement provides for customary confidentiality
and non-solicitation terms. 

On
March 3, 2022, we designated Mr. Ross as a recipient of part of the unexercised portion of a fully-vested option to purchase 73,333 shares
of common stock at 15.15 that we purchased from a former executive. The designated option is exercisable to purchase 18,249 shares of
common stock. The option was granted on March 17, 2022, and expires on March 16, 2024. In connection with this stock option designation,
Mr. Ross paid the former executive 25,000. The Company did not pay or receive cash or other consideration for the repurchase and designation
of the stock option. 

Director
Compensation 

The
table below provides information concerning compensation for services as a director paid to all persons who served as members of our
board of directors during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, except for those persons who served as a director and are included
in our executive compensation table above: 

Name 
 Fees Earned or Paid 
 Stock 
 Option 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation 
 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation 
 All Other 

in Cash 
 Awards 
 Awards 
 Earnings 
 Earnings 
 Compensation 
 Total 
 
 Dr. Vithalbhai Dhaduk 
 24,750 (1)(2) 
 - 
 83,175 (3) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 107,925 
 
 Dr. William Hearl 
 24,750 (4) 
 - 
 83,175 (3) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 107,925 
 
 Julie Kampf 
 24,750 (5) 
 - 
 83,175 (3) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 107,925 
 
 Terry Brostowin 
 21,000 (6) 
 - 
 83,175 (3) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 104,175 
 
 Dr. Nilesh Patel (7) 
 13,500 (8) 
 - 
 249,525 (9) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 263,025 
 
 Michael Stewart (10) 
 21,000 (11) 
 - 
 249,525 (9) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 270,525 

(1) Under an independent director agreement with Dr.
Dhaduk, Dr. Dhaduk was entitled to be paid 28,000 annual cash compensation in four equal quarterly installments beginning in the third
quarter of 2022. On September 19, 2022, the board of directors adopted resolutions that provided for the compensation to be paid to directors
to accrue beginning on April 1, 2022. As a result, Dr. Dhaduk earned 21,000 under his independent director agreement. However, Dr. Dhaduk
was paid 19,000 including the 5,000 payment described in footnote (2) below. See Director Agreements below. 

(2) On April 22, 2022,
the board of directors adopted resolutions that provided for directors to receive 5,000 as a member of any board committee. Pursuant
to these resolutions, Dr. Dhaduk was entitled to annual compensation of 5,000 as a member of the board s pricing committee, in
addition to the annual and other compensation provided for under his independent director agreement. This additional annual compensation
for 2022 was paid retroactively for the full 2022 calendar year although such compensation was to accrue beginning as of April 1, 2022
as described in footnote (1) above. See also Director
Agreements below. 

(3) Each of Dr. Dhaduk, Dr. Hearl, Ms. Kampf,
and Mr. Brostowin held a fully-vested option to purchase 125,000 shares of common stock and an option to purchase 40,000 shares of
common stock subject to vesting conditions as of December 31, 2022. 

(4) Under an independent director agreement with Dr.
Hearl, Dr. Hearl was entitled to be paid 33,000 annual cash compensation in four equal quarterly installments beginning in the third
quarter of 2022. On September 19, 2022, the board of directors adopted resolutions that provided for the compensation to be paid to directors
to accrue beginning on April 1, 2022. As a result, Dr. Hearl earned 24,750 in 2022 under his independent director agreement. However,
Dr. Hearl was paid 16,500 in 2022. See Director Agreements below. 

(5) Under an independent director agreement with Ms.
Kampf, Ms. Kampf was entitled to be paid 33,000 annual cash compensation in four equal quarterly installments beginning in the third
quarter of 2022. On September 19, 2022, the board of directors adopted resolutions that provided for the compensation to be paid to directors
to accrue beginning on April 1, 2022. As a result, Ms. Kampf earned 24,750 in 2022 under her independent director agreement. However,
Ms. Kampf was paid 16,500 in 2022. See Director Agreements below. 

104 

(6) Under an independent director agreement with Mr.
Brostowin, Mr. Brostowin was entitled to be paid 28,000 annual cash compensation in four equal quarterly installments beginning in the
third quarter of 2022. On September 19, 2022, the board of directors adopted resolutions that provided for the compensation to be paid
to directors to accrue beginning on April 1, 2022. As a result, Mr. Brostowin earned 21,000 in 2022 under his independent director agreement.
However, Mr. Brostowin was paid 14,000 in 2022. See Director Agreements below. 

(7) Appointed effective April 22, 2022. 

(8) Under an independent director agreement with Dr.
Patel, Dr. Patel was entitled to be paid 18,000 annual cash compensation in four equal quarterly installments beginning in the third
quarter of 2022. On September 19, 2022, the board of directors adopted resolutions that provided for the compensation to be paid to directors
to accrue beginning on April 1, 2022. As a result, Dr. Patel earned 13,500 in 2022 under his independent director agreement. However,
Dr. Patel was paid 9,000 in 2022. See Director Agreements below. 

(9) Each of Dr. Nilesh Patel and Michael Stewart held an option to purchase 120,000 shares of common stock
subject to vesting conditions as of December 31, 2022. 

(10) Appointed effective June 1, 2022. 

(11) Under an independent director agreement with
Mr. Stewart, Mr. Stewart was entitled to be paid 28,000 annual cash compensation in four equal quarterly installments beginning in the
third quarter of 2022. On September 19, 2022, the board of directors adopted resolutions that provided for the compensation to be paid
to directors to accrue beginning on April 1, 2022. As a result, Mr. Stewart earned 21,000 in 2022 under his independent director agreement.
Mr. Stewart was paid 14,000 in 2022. See Director Agreements below. 

In
March 2021, the members of the Company s board of directors at the time (James Sapirstein, Terry Brostowin, Dr. William Hearl,
Julie Kampf and Dr. Vithalbhai Dhaduk) were each granted 125,000 stock options with an exercise price of 1.25, three-year vesting and
a ten-year term. Black-Scholes was used to determine that each option s value was 148,750 fully vested. On March 3, 2022, the
Company s Compensation Committee resolved to accelerate the vesting of these options as to those held by Mr. Brostowin, Dr. Hearl,
Ms. Kampf and Dr. Dhaduk, and such options therefore became fully-vested on that date. 

On
August 22, 2022, Mr. Brostowin executed a limited waiver and consent agreement waiving his option exercise rights. The limited waiver
and consent agreement was to expire on December 31, 2022, or if earlier to occur, upon the approval of an increase in the number of the
authorized shares of common stock under the Company s articles of incorporation by the Company s stockholders by majority
written consent or via stockholder vote at the Company s next stockholder meeting and the implementation of such increase, which
were to occur as soon as practicable after such stockholder approval. On December 27, 2022, we held the Annual Meeting. At the Annual
Meeting, stockholders holding shares of common stock in the Company representing at least a majority of the voting power approved, among
other matters, the Authorized Capital Increase. As a result, the limited waiver and consent agreement expired in accordance with its
terms. 

Director Agreements 

Our independent director agreements with our non-executive
directors provide that they will receive annual cash fees and equity compensation in the form of options at fair market value for their
service to the board of directors. 

Under their independent director
agreements, dated June 7, 2022, each non-executive director will receive an annual cash fee and an annual award of stock options. We will
pay the annual cash compensation fee to each independent director in four equal installments no later than the fifth business day of each
calendar quarter commencing in the quarter ending September 30, 2022. We granted the stock options to the non-executive directors on July
7, 2022. The annual cash fee paid to each non-executive director will be 28,000 as to Dr. Dhaduk; 28,000 as to Mr. Brostowin; 33,000
as to Dr. Hearl; 33,000 as to Ms. Kampf; 18,000 as to Dr. Patel; and 28,000 as to Mr. Stewart. On August 26, 2022, the board of directors
adopted resolutions providing that the cash compensation to the independent directors began to accrue as of April 1, 2022. Under the independent
director agreements, the annual award of stock options granted to Dr. Dhaduk, Mr. Brostowin, Dr. Hearl and Ms. Kampf may be exercised
to purchase 40,000 shares of common stock. The exercise price of the initial grant is 2.20 per share. These stock options vest and become
exercisable in 12 equal monthly installments over the first year following the date of grant, subject to the respective director continuing
in service on our board of directors through each such vesting date. The stock options awarded to Dr. Patel and Mr. Stewart may be exercised
to purchase 120,000 shares of common stock. These stock options will vest and become exercisable in twelve (12) equal quarterly installments
over the first three years following the date of grant, subject to the respective director continuing in service on our board of directors
through each such vesting date. The exercise price of the initial grant is 2.20 per share. The term of each stock option is ten (10)
years from the date of grant. We will also reimburse each non-executive director for pre-approved reasonable business-related expenses
incurred in good faith in connection with the performance of the director s duties for us. As also required under the independent
director agreements, we have separately entered into our standard indemnification agreement for executive officers and directors with
each of our non-executive directors. 

Pursuant to a previous director agreement, Terry Brostowin,
one of our independent directors, received options to purchase 140,000 shares of the Company s common stock on December 6, 2018,
at an exercise price equal to 1.01 per share, and options to purchase 250,000 shares of the Company s common stock, at an exercise
price equal to 1.01 per share, for service on the board. All of these options are fully vested. 

105 

Retirement 

There
are no annuity, pension or retirement benefits proposed to be paid to officers, directors or employees in the event of retirement at
normal retirement date pursuant to any presently existing plan provided or contributed to by the Company or any of its subsidiaries,
if any. 

Long-Term
Incentive Plans 

There
are no arrangements or plans in which we provide pension, retirement or similar benefits for directors or executive officers. We do not
have any material bonus or profit-sharing plans pursuant to which cash or non-cash compensation is or may be paid to our directors or
executive officers. 

Amended
and Restated 2021 Stock Incentive Plan 

On May 18, 2021, the board of directors of the Company
approved the SIP, which was ratified by the Company s stockholders on September 20, 2021 .
The SIP governs stock options issued prior to May 18, 2021. On August 30, 2022 and October 21, 2022, the board approved an amendment to
the SIP to increase the number of shares of common stock reserved for issuance under the SIP, which was ratified by the Company s
stockholders on December 27, 2022. 

The
purpose of the SIP is to advance our interests and the interests of our stockholders by providing an incentive to attract, retain and
reward persons performing services for us and by motivating such persons to contribute to our growth and profitability. The maximum number
of shares of common stock that may be issued pursuant to awards granted under the SIP is 7,200,000 shares. Cancelled and forfeited stock
options and stock awards may again become available for grant under the SIP. As of March 24, 2023, 2,924,057 shares remained available
for issuance under the SIP. We intend that awards granted pursuant to the SIP be exempt from or comply with Section 409A of the Code (including any amendments or replacements of such section), and the SIP shall be so construed. 

106 

The
following summary briefly describes the principal features of the SIP and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text
of the SIP. 

Awards
that may be granted include: (a) Incentive Stock Options, or ISOs, (b) Nonstatutory Stock Options, (c) Stock Appreciation Rights, or
SARs, (d) Restricted Stock, (e) Restricted Stock Units, or RSUs, (f) Stock granted as a bonus or in lieu of another award, and (g) Performance
Awards. These awards offer us and our stockholders the possibility of future value, depending on the long-term price appreciation of
our common stock and the award holder s continuing service with us. 

Stock
options give the option holder the right to acquire from us a designated number of shares of common stock at a purchase price that is
fixed at the time of the grant of the option. The exercise price must generally not be less than the fair market value of the common stock on the
date of grant. Stock options granted may be either incentive stock options or non-statutory stock options. 

SARs,
which may be granted alone or in tandem with options, have an economic value similar to that of options. When an SAR for a particular
number of shares is exercised, the holder receives a payment equal to the difference between the fair market value of the shares on the
date of exercise and the exercise price of the shares under the SAR. The exercise price for SARs normally is the market price of the
shares on the date the SAR is granted. Under the SIP, holders of SARs may receive this payment the appreciation value 
either in cash or shares of common stock valued at the fair market value on the date of exercise. The form of payment will be determined
by the Company. 

Restricted stock awards represent issued and outstanding
shares of common stock subject to vesting criteria. RSUs represent the right to receive shares of common stock subject to satisfaction
of vesting criteria. Restricted stock and the rights under RSUs are forfeitable and non-transferable until they vest. The vesting date
or dates and other conditions for vesting are established when the shares are awarded. 

Our
board of directors may grant common stock to any eligible recipient as a bonus, or to grant stock or other awards in lieu of obligations
to pay cash or deliver other property under the SIP or under other plans or compensatory arrangements. 

The
SIP also provides for performance awards, representing the right to receive a payment, which may be in the form of cash, shares of common
stock, or a combination, based on the attainment of pre-established goals. 

All
of the permissible types of awards under the SIP are described in more detail below. 

Administration
of the SIP . The SIP is currently administered by our Compensation Committee. All questions of interpretation of the SIP, of any
award agreement or of any other form of agreement or other document employed by us in the administration of the SIP or of any award shall
be determined by the Compensation Committee, and such determinations shall be final, binding and conclusive upon all persons having an
interest in the SIP or such award, unless fraudulent or made in bad faith. Any and all actions, decisions and determinations taken or
made by the Compensation Committee in the exercise of its discretion pursuant to the SIP or award agreement or other agreement thereunder
(other than determining questions of interpretation pursuant to the preceding sentence) shall be final, binding and conclusive upon all
persons having an interest therein. 

Eligible Recipients . Persons eligible
to receive awards under the SIP are employees (including officers or directors who are also treated as employees); consultants, i.e.,
persons engaged to provide consulting or advisory services to the Company; and directors. 

Shares
Available Under the SIP . The maximum aggregate number of shares of common stock that may be issued under the SIP shall be 7,200,000
shares and shall consist of authorized but unissued or reacquired shares of common stock or any combination thereof, subject to adjustment
for certain corporate changes affecting the shares, such as stock splits, merger, consolidation, reorganization, reincorporation, recapitalization,
reclassification, or stock dividend. Shares subject to an award under the SIP which is canceled, forfeited or expires again
become available for grants under the SIP. 

Stock
Options and Stock Appreciation Rights 

General.
 Stock options and SARs shall be evidenced by award agreements specifying the number of shares of common stock covered thereby, in
such form as the Compensation Committee shall from time to time establish. Each stock option grant will identify the option as an ISO
or Nonstatutory Stock Option. Subject to the provisions of the SIP, the Compensation Committee has the authority to determine all grants
of stock options. That determination will include: (i) the number of shares subject to any option; (ii) the exercise price per share;
(iii) the expiration date of the option; (iv) the manner, time and date of permitted exercise; (v) other restrictions, if any, on the
option or the shares underlying the option; and (vi) any other terms and conditions as the Compensation Committee may determine. 

107 

Exercise
Price . The exercise price for each stock option or SAR shall be established in the discretion of the Compensation Committee; provided,
however, that the exercise price per share for the stock option or SAR shall be not less than the fair market value of a share of common
stock on the effective date of grant of the stock option or SAR. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a stock option or SAR may be granted
with an exercise price lower than the minimum exercise price set forth above if such stock option or SAR is granted pursuant to an assumption
or substitution for another option in a manner qualifying under the provisions of Section 424(a) of the Code. 

Exercise
Terms. Stock options may be immediately exercisable but subject to repurchase or may be exercisable at such time or times, or upon
such event or events, and subject to such terms, conditions, performance criteria and restrictions as shall be determined by the Compensation
Committee and set forth in the award agreement evidencing such stock option. No stock option or SAR shall be exercisable after the expiration
of ten years after the effective date of grant of such stock option or SAR. Subject to the foregoing, unless otherwise specified
by the Compensation Committee in the grant of a stock option or SAR, any stock option or SAR granted under the SIP shall terminate ten
 years after the effective date of grant of the stock option or SAR, unless earlier terminated in accordance with its provisions.
The Compensation Committee may set a reasonable minimum number of shares of common stock that may be exercised at any one time. 

Expiration
or Termination. Options, if not previously exercised, will expire on the expiration date established by the Compensation Committee
at the time of grant. In the case of incentive stock options, such term cannot exceed ten years provided that in the case of holders
of more than 10 of our total combined voting stock, such term cannot exceed five years. Options will terminate before their expiration
date if the holder s service with our company or a subsidiary terminates before the expiration date. The option may remain exercisable
for specified periods after certain terminations of employment, including terminations as a result of death, disability or retirement,
with the precise period during which the option may be exercised to be established by the Compensation Committee and reflected in the
grant evidencing the award. 

Incentive
Stock Options. Stock options intending to qualify as ISOs may only be granted to employees, as determined by the board of directors.
No ISO shall be granted to any person if immediately after the grant of such award, such person would own common stock, including common
stock subject to outstanding awards held by him or her under the SIP or any other plan established by the Company, amounting to more
than 10 of the total combined voting power or value of all classes of stock of the Company. To the extent that the award
agreement specifies that an option is intended to be treated as an ISO, the option is intended to qualify to the greatest extent possible
as an incentive stock option within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code, and shall be so construed; provided, however,
that any such designation shall not be interpreted as a representation, guarantee or other undertaking on the part of the Company that
the option is or will be determined to qualify as an ISO. If and to the extent that any shares of stock are issued under a portion of
any option that exceeds the 100,000 limitation of Section 422 of the Code, such shares of common stock shall not be treated as issued
under an ISO notwithstanding any designation otherwise. 

Restricted Stock Awards . A restricted
stock award is a grant of shares of common stock. These awards will be subject to such conditions, restrictions and contingencies as the
Compensation Committee shall determine at the date of grant, including the attainment of one or more performance criteria. Those may include
requirements for continuous service and/or the achievement of specified performance goals. Restricted stock is forfeitable and generally
non-transferable until it vests. The vesting date or dates and other conditions for vesting are established when the shares are awarded.
Holders of restricted stock otherwise generally have the rights of stockholders of the Company, including voting and dividend rights,
to the same extent as other stockholders of the Company. 

Restricted Stock Units . An RSU
is a right to receive stock on a future date. The purchase price for shares of stock issuable under each RSU award shall be established
by the board of directors in its discretion. Except as may be required by applicable law or established by the Compensation Committee,
no monetary payment (other than applicable tax withholding) shall be required as a condition of receiving a RSU award. Shares issued pursuant
to any RSU award may (but need not) be made subject to vesting conditions based upon the satisfaction of such service requirements, conditions,
restrictions or performance criteria, as shall be established by the Compensation Committee and set forth in the award agreement evidencing
such award. 

Performance Awards . The
Compensation Committee shall designate the terms and conditions of each performance award, including the applicable performance criteria
and performance period. Each performance award shall entitle the participant to a payment in cash or common stock upon the attainment
of performance criteria and other terms and conditions specified by the Compensation Committee. Notwithstanding the satisfaction of any
performance criteria, the amount to be paid under a performance award may be adjusted by the Compensation Committee on the basis of such
further consideration as the Compensation Committee in its sole discretion shall determine. The Compensation Committee may, in its discretion,
substitute actual common stock for the cash payment otherwise required to be made to a participant pursuant to a performance award. 

Performance Criteria . Under the
SIP, performance criteria means business criteria including, but not limited to: revenue; revenue growth; earnings before interest and
taxes; earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization; earnings per share; operating income; pre-or after-tax income;
net operating profit after taxes; economic value added (or an equivalent metric); ratio of operating earnings to capital spending; cash
flow (before or after dividends); cash-flow per share (before or after dividends); net earnings; net sales; sales growth; share price
performance; return on assets or net assets; return on equity; return on capital (including return on total capital or return on invested
capital); cash flow return on investment; total stockholder return; improvement in or attainment of expense levels; and improvement in
or attainment of working capital levels or performance criteria. Any performance criteria may be used to measure the Company s performance
as a whole or any of the Company s business units and may be measured relative to a peer group or index. 

Bonus
Stock and Awards in Lieu of Obligations . The Compensation Committee may grant common stock to any eligible recipient as a bonus,
or to grant common stock or other awards in lieu of obligations to pay cash or deliver other property under the SIP or under other plans
or compensatory arrangements, provided that, in the case of participants subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act, the amount of such
grants remains within the discretion of the Compensation Committee to the extent necessary to ensure that acquisitions of common stock
or other awards are exempt from liability under Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act. Common stock or awards granted under the SIP shall be
subject to such other terms as shall be determined by the Compensation Committee. 

108 

Other Material
Provisions . Awards will be evidenced by a written agreement, in such form as may be approved by the Compensation Committee.
In the event of various changes to the capitalization of our company, such as stock splits, stock dividends and similar re-capitalizations,
an appropriate adjustment will be made by the Compensation Committee to the number of shares covered by outstanding awards or to the exercise
price of such awards. The Compensation Committee generally has the power to accelerate the exercise or vesting period of an award. The
Compensation Committee is also permitted to include in the written agreement provisions that provide for certain changes in the award
in the event of a change of control of our company, including acceleration of vesting or payment of the value of the vested portion
or, in its discretion, unvested portion of an award in cash, stock, or property. Except as otherwise determined
by the Compensation Committee at the date of grant, and subject to the terms of the SIP, awards will not be transferable, other than by
will or the laws of descent and distribution. Prior to any award distribution, we are permitted to deduct or withhold amounts sufficient
to satisfy any employee withholding tax requirements. The Compensation Committee has the authority, at any time, to discontinue the granting
of awards. The Compensation Committee also has the authority to alter or amend the SIP or any outstanding award or may terminate the SIP
as to further grants, provided that no amendment may be made without the approval of our stockholders to the extent that such approval
is required by law or applicable rules of a securities exchange, and except as otherwise provided by the SIP, no amendment that would
adversely affect any outstanding award made under the SIP may be made without the consent of the holder of such award. 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The
following table sets forth certain information with respect to the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of March 31, 2022 (i)
each of our named executive officers, other executive officers, and directors; (ii) all of our executive officers and directors as a
group; and (iii) each other person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding common stock. 

Beneficial
ownership is determined in accordance with SEC rules and generally includes voting or investment power with respect to securities. For
purposes of this table, a person or group of persons is deemed to have beneficial ownership of any shares of common stock
that such person or any member of such group has the right to acquire within sixty (60) days of March 24, 2023, except as otherwise disclosed
in the footnotes to the table. For purposes of computing the percentage of outstanding shares of our common stock held by each person
or group of persons named above, any shares that such person or persons has the right to acquire within sixty (60) days of March 24, 2023. are deemed to be outstanding for such person, but not deemed to be outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership
of any other person. The inclusion herein of any shares listed as beneficially owned does not constitute an admission of beneficial ownership
by any person. Unless otherwise indicated, the address of each beneficial owner listed in the table below is c/o our company, Marizyme,
Inc., 555 Heritage Drive, Suite 205, Jupiter, Florida 33458. 

Amount and Nature of Shares of Common Stock Beneficially Owned 
 Percentage of Shares Beneficially Owned 
 
 Name of Beneficial Owner 
 # (1) 
 (2) 
 
 David Barthel (3)(4) 
 190,000 (5) 
 0.5 
 
 Dr. Catherine Pachuk (3) 
 349,323 (6) 
 0.9 
 
 Dr. Steven Brooks (3) 
 50,000 (7) 
 0.1 
 
 Terry Brostowin (4) 
 551,667 (8) 
 1.3 
 
 Dr. William Hearl (4) 
 151,667 (9) 

Dr. Vithalbhai Dhaduk (4) 
 4,841,377 (10) 
 11.5 
 
 Julie Kampf (4) 
 151,667 (11) 

Dr. Nilesh Patel (4) 
 30,000 (12) 

Michael Stewart (4) 
 30,000 (13) 

George Kovalyov (14) 
 751,802 (15) 
 1.8 
 
 Harrison Ross (14) 
 669,094 (16) 
 1.6 
 
 All directors and executive officers as a group (11 persons) 
 7,756,596 
 17.5 
 
 ESC Holdings LLC (17) 
 2,555,640 
 6.3 

Non-officer director beneficially owning less than 1 of the shares of the Company s common stock. 

(1)
Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC and generally includes voting or investment power with respect
to securities. Except as disclosed in the following footnotes, each of the beneficial owners listed above has direct ownership of and
sole voting and investment power to the shares of the Company s common stock. 

(2)
As of March 24, 2023, a total of 40,768,191 shares of the Company s common stock are considered to be outstanding. This number
does not include shares of common stock issuable upon conversion or exercise of outstanding convertible or exercisable securities. Pursuant
to Exchange Act Rule 13d-3(d)(1), for each beneficial owner listed above, any options, warrants, or other convertible securities that
are exercisable within 60 days have also been included for purposes of calculating their percent of class, but not for any other beneficial
owner listed above. 

109 

(3)
Named executive officer. 

(4)
Director. 

(5)
Consists of an option to purchase 190,000 shares of common stock within 60 days of March 24, 2023. 

(6)
Consists of (i) 268,710 shares of common stock, and (ii) a warrant to purchase 80,613 shares of common stock. 

(7)
Consists of (i) 20,000 shares of common stock, and (ii) an option to purchase 30,000 shares of common stock within 60 days of March 24, 2023. 

(8)
Consists of (i) a fully-vested option to purchase 140,000 shares of common stock, (ii) a fully-vested option to purchase 250,000 shares
of common stock, (iii) a fully-vested option to purchase 125,000 shares of common stock and (iv) an option to purchase 36,667 shares
of common stock within 60 days of March 24, 2023. 

(9)
Consists of (i) fully vested option to purchase 125,000 shares of common stock, and (ii) an option to purchase 36,667 shares of common
stock within 60 days of March 24, 2023. 

(10)
Consists of (i) 3,546,610 shares of common stock held indirectly through Dr. Dhaduk s wife, (ii) a warrant to purchase 1,133,100
shares of common stock held indirectly through Dr. Dhaduk s wife, (iii) a fully-vested option to purchase 125,000 shares of common
stock, and (iv) an option to purchase 36,667 shares of common stock within 60 days of March 24, 2023. 

(11)
Consists of (i) fully vested option to purchase 125,000 shares of common stock, and (ii) an option to purchase 36,667 shares of common
stock within 60 days of March 24, 2023. 

(12)
Consists of an option to purchase 30,000 shares of common stock within 60 days of March 24, 2023. 

(13)
Consists of an option to purchase 30,000 shares of common stock within 60 days of March 24, 2023. 

(14)
Executive officer. 

110 

(15)
George Kovalyov may be deemed to beneficially own (i) 111,509 shares of common stock held directly; (ii) a fully-vested option
to purchase 273,750 shares of common stock held directly; (iii) 124,877 shares of common stock held by AAT Services Inc.,
of which George Kovalyov is the sole beneficial owner; and (iv) 241,667 shares of common stock beneficially owned through AAT Services
Inc., consisting of (a) a cashless warrant to purchase 100,000 shares of common stock; and (b) an option to purchase 141,666 shares of
common stock that is exercisable within 60 days of March 24, 2023. AAT Services Inc. was also granted 175,000 restricted shares of common
stock, subject to the following milestone vesting schedule: (A) 75,000 restricted shares vesting upon the Company successfully listing
its common stock on Nasdaq or the NYSE; (B) 50,000 restricted shares vesting upon any Company financing after January 1, 2022 of debt
or equity in which the gross proceeds equal or exceed 5,000,000; (C) 25,000 restricted shares vesting upon the completion of valuation
reports for both Somahlution LLC and HLII; and (D) 25,000 restricted shares vesting upon a material commercial partnership for MATLOC
1. AAT Services Inc. is subject to a side agreement, under which the granting of its restricted shares will occur upon vesting, and therefore
such restricted shares are not considered to be beneficially owned on March 24, 2023. 

(16)
Harrison Ross may be deemed to beneficially own (i) 141,948 shares of common stock held directly; (ii) a fully-vested option to purchase
273,750 shares of common stock held directly; (iii) 11,730 shares of common stock held by Rydra Capital Corp., of which Harrison Ross
is the sole beneficial owner; and (iv) 241,667 shares of common stock beneficially owned through Rydra Capital Corp., consisting of (a)
a cashless warrant to purchase 100,000 shares of common stock; and (b) an option to purchase 141,666 shares of common stock that is exercisable
within 60 days of March 24, 2023. Rydra Capital Corp. was also granted 175,000 restricted shares of common stock, subject to the following
milestone vesting schedule: (A) 75,000 restricted shares vesting upon the Company successfully listing its common stock on Nasdaq or
the NYSE; (B) 50,000 restricted shares vesting upon any Company financing after January 1, 2022 of debt or equity in which the gross
proceeds equal or exceed 5,000,000; (C) 25,000 restricted shares vesting upon the completion of valuation reports for both Somahlution
LLC and HLII; and (D) 25,000 restricted shares vesting upon a material commercial partnership for MATLOC 1. Rydra Capital Corp. is subject
to a side agreement, under which the granting of its restricted shares will occur upon vesting, and therefore such restricted shares
are not considered to be beneficially owned on March 24, 2023. 

(17)
Emmanuelle Schleipfer-Conley has voting and dispositive control over ESC Holding LLC. Its business address is 1 Channel Drive #1706,
Monmouth Beach, New Jersey 07750. The beneficial ownership information of this person is as of February 6, 2022. 

Changes
in Control 

We
do not currently have any arrangements which if consummated may result in a change of control of our company. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

The
following table summarizes information about our equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2022. 

Plan Category 
 Number of Shares of Common Stock to be Issued upon Exercise of Outstanding Options (a) 
 Weighted-Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options (b) 
 Number of Options Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) (c) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by stockholders (1) 
 3,925,943 (2) 
 1.33 
 2,924,057 (3) 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by stockholders 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 
 3,925,943 
 1.33 
 2,924,057 

(1) On
May 18, 2021, our board of directors approved the SIP, which was ratified
by the Company s stockholders on September 20, 2021 . On August 30, 2022 and October
21, 2022, the board approved an amendment to the SIP to increase the number of shares of common stock reserved for issuance under the
SIP, which was ratified by the Company s stockholders on December 27, 2022. The maximum number of shares of common stock that may
be issued pursuant to awards granted under the SIP is 7,200,000 shares. Cancelled and forfeited stock options and stock awards may again
become available for grant under the SIP. For a further description of the SIP, see Item 11. Executive Compensation 
Amended and Restated 2021 Stock Incentive Plan . 

(2) Includes
 both vested and unvested options to purchase common stock and unvested stock grants under
 the SIP. 

(3) Represents
 shares available for award grant purposes under the SIP. 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Transactions
with Related Persons 

The
following includes a summary of transactions since at least January 1, 2021, or any currently proposed transaction, in which we were
or are to be a participant and the amount involved exceeded or exceeds the lesser of 120,000 or 1 of the average of our total
assets at year-end for the last two completed fiscal years, and in which any related person had or will have a direct or indirect material
interest (other than compensation described under Item 11. Executive Compensation , above). We believe the terms
obtained or consideration that we paid or received, as applicable, in connection with the transactions described below were comparable
to terms available or the amounts that would be paid or received, as applicable, in arm s-length transactions. 

On
 December 15, 2019, the Company entered into the Somahlution Agreement, as amended on March
 31, 2020 and May 29, 2020 to extend the termination date, with Somaceutica, LLC to acquire
 the Somahlution Assets and none of the liabilities of Somahlution, including DuraGraft ,
 a one-time intraoperative vascular graft treatment for use in vascular and bypass surgeries
 that maintains endothelial function and structure, and other related properties. 

111 

On
July 31, 2020, the Company and Somahlution entered into Amendment No. 3 and the Somahlution Agreement was finalized. Pursuant to the
terms of this amendment, it was agreed that, as part of the acquisition, the Company would acquire the outstanding capital stock of Somahlution,
Inc., held by Somahlution, LLC, rather than the assets of Somahlution, Inc., in addition to the Somahlution Assets. This change to the
Somahlution Agreement was made to accommodate the EU requirements with respect to the future manufacturing under Somahlution, Inc. of
CE marked products for sale in the EU. In Amendment No. 3, the Company agreed to assume certain payables of Somahlution related to clinical
and medical expenses. It was also orally agreed by the parties that the payments on the assumed debts would be recorded as a prepaid
royalty against future royalties. 

Pursuant
to the Somahlution Agreement and in consideration of the outstanding capital stock of Somahlution, Inc., the Company agreed to issue
the following securities and pay the following contingent consideration to certain beneficial owner designees of Somahlution: 

10,000,000
 restricted shares of common stock of the Company (the Somahlution Purchase Shares 

Warrants
 to purchase 3,000,000 shares of common stock of the Company with a strike price of 5.00
 per share and a term of five years; 

The
 following contingent consideration upon receiving FDA final approval and insurance reimbursement
 approval on the products, and in the amounts, specified below, subject to certain expiration
 terms, none of which had been earned or granted as of December 31, 2022 except
 as otherwise disclosed below: 

DuraGraft
 products: 

Grant
 of warrants on a pro rata basis for 4,000,000 shares of common stock of the Company, with
 a strike price determined based on the average of the closing prices of the common stock
 for the 30 calendar days following the date of the acquisition; 

Royalties
 to be paid on all net sales of the product of 6 on the first 50 million of international
 net sales (and 5 on the first 50 million of U.S. net sales), 4 for greater than 50 million
 up to 200 million, and 2 for greater than 200 million; 

Payment
 on a pro rata basis of 10 of the cash value of rare pediatric voucher sales following FDA
 approval and subsequent sale to an unaffiliated third party of a rare pediatric voucher based
 on Somahlution s DuraGraft product; 

Following
 the FDA approval and subsequent sale to an unaffiliated third party of a rare pediatric voucher
 based on Somahlution s DuraGraft product, grant of warrants on a pro rata basis to
 purchase an aggregate of 250,000 shares of common stock with a term of five years and a strike
 price determined based on the average of the closing prices of the common stock for the 30
 calendar days following the date of the public announcement of FDA approval; and 

Upon
 the sale of DuraGraft products, the Company will pay pro rata the Somahlution designees 15 
 of the net sale proceeds towards the liquidation preference maximum amount of 20 million
 described below ; 

Somahlution
 derived solid organ transplant products: 

Grant
 of warrants on a pro rata basis for 2,000,000 shares of common stock of the Company, with
 a strike price determined based on the average of the closing prices of the common stock
 for the 30 calendar days following the date of the acquisition; 

Royalties
 to be paid on all net sales of the product of 6 on the first 50 million of international
 net sales, 4 for greater than 50 million up to 200 million, and 2 for greater than 200
 million; 

Upon
 the sale of DuraGraft products, the Company will pay pro rata the Somahlution designees 15 
 of the net sale proceeds towards the liquidation preference maximum amount of 20 million
 described below ; 

Somahlution
 Assets-derived over-the-counter products: 

Royalties
 to be paid on all net sales of the product of 6 on the first 50 million of international
 net sales, 4 for greater than 50 million up to 200 million, and 2 for greater than 200
 million 

Other
 Somahlution Assets-derived products from existing Somahlution pipelines: 

Royalties
 to be paid on all net sales of the product of 1 ; 

112 

If
 the Company raised more than 20 million in a fundraising concurrent with the closing of
 this transaction, Marizyme was required to issue to the Somahlution designees, pro rata,
 a number of additional restricted shares of common stock such that the percentage of the
 total number of outstanding common stock of the Company represented by the Somahlution Purchase
 Shares prior to such fundraising equals that percentage following the termination of the
 fundraising. The Company did not raise more than 20 million in a fundraising concurrent
 with the closing of this transaction, and additional restricted shares were not issued to
 the Somahlution designees in connection with the Somahlution Agreemen; 

Upon
 the sale by the Company of all or substantially all of the Somahlution Assets, a liquidation
 preference, up to a maximum of 20 million, to be paid pro rata to the Somahlution designees;
 and 

Upon
 closing, Dr. Dhaduk and/or such family member as he may designate had the right to appoint
 two of the members of the board of directors of the Company, one of whom shall be an independent
 director, and both of whom shall be subject to qualifications reasonably determined by the
 Company and Company approval, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed
 or conditioned. At closing, Dr. Dhaduk exercised this right to appoint Dr. Nilesh Patel to
 the board of directors. No dollar value has been attributed to these appointments. 

On
July 30, 2020, the Company completed the acquisition of the Somahlution Assets. On July 31, 2020, the Company issued a total of 10,000,000
shares of common stock, warrants to purchase 3,000,000 shares with an exercise price of 5.00 to the designees of Somahlution, and issued
royalties to the Somahlution beneficial owner designees with a total dollar value of 339,091. The value of the royalties
issued to Somahlution was attributed to its primary beneficial owner, Dr. Vithalbhai Dhaduk, our Chairman. Each of the following Somahlution
designees became officers or directors of the Company and received the following amounts of shares and warrants: Dr. Catherine Pachuk,
Chief Scientific Officer and Executive Vice President, received 268,710 shares having a total value of 499,801 based on the closing
price of the common stock on the OTCQB on July 30, 2020 and a warrant to purchase 80,613 shares with an aggregate dollar value of 403,065
based on each warrant s 5.00 per share exercise price; and Dr. Vithalbhai Dhaduk, director, received 3,546,610 shares having a
total value of 6,596,695 based on the closing price of the common stock on the OTCQB on July 30, 2020 and a warrant to purchase 1,133,100
shares with an aggregate dollar value of 5,665,500 based on each warrant s 5.00 per share exercise price. Somahlution, Inc.
became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. 

On
 December 22, 2021, we closed the acquisition of My Health Logic from HLII. Effective December
 21, 2021, George Kovalyov, previously the chief operating officer and a director of HLII,
 was appointed our Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Also effective December 21, 2021,
 Harrison Ross, previously the chief financial officer and a director of My Health Logic,
 was appointed our Vice President of Finance. We have entered into consulting agreements with
 Mr. Kovalyov and Mr. Ross, as described above under Item 11. Executive Compensation
 Executive Compensation Agreements. As a result of the closing of the acquisition
 of My Health Logic, Mr. Kovalyov and Mr. Ross acquired beneficial ownership of 236,386 and
 153,678 shares of common stock, respectively. Mr. Kovalyov and Mr. Ross are currently also
 serving as the Chief Financial Officer and Chief Executive Officer of HLII, respectively. 

On
September 30, 2020, we entered into a consulting agreement with Bradley Richmond, which terminated in accordance with its terms on September
30, 2022. For a further description of this consulting agreement and related compensation to Mr. Richmond as a consultant to the Company,
and Mr. Richmond s October 2022 Letter Agreement to forego certain compensation received in order to comply with the FINRA Staff s
interpretation of FINRA Rule 5110, see Item 11. Executive Compensation Other Management Compensation Bradley
Richmond above and a summary of such compensation received below. 

On
July 19, 2021, Bradley Richmond was appointed our Acting Vice President of Finance, which position he held until December 21, 2021. After
Mr. Richmond s resignation from this position upon the appointment of Harrison Ross as Vice President of Finance on December 21,
2021, Mr. Richmond continued to serve as an employee of Marizyme until September 24, 2022. During his employment with us, Mr. Richmond
assisted in management of our compliance, personnel and human resources departments as well as our management team, in filling the gap
created by a continuing lack of human and financial resources to enable us to advance our operations. Mr. Richmond significantly decreased
such services by the end of 2021 and ceased providing such services as of September 24, 2022. Mr. Richmond s services to us in
this capacity were not related to his role as a registered representative of Univest and the services Univest is providing to us in connection
with its position as the representative of the underwriters for the
Company s proposed public offering. From July 2021 to June 2022, we paid Mr. Richmond 5,000 per month as employment compensation for his services to
us in this capacity and from July 2022 to September 24, 2022, we paid Mr. Richmond 2,000 per month. For a description of these services
and related compensation to Mr. Richmond, see Item 11. Executive Compensation Other Management Compensation 
Bradley Richmond above. 

On
December 29, 2021, our board of directors resolved to issue to Mr. Richmond warrants to purchase 300,000 shares of the Company s
common stock at an exercise price of 0.01 per share, with a warrant for the purchase of 150,000 of those shares to be issued to Mr.
Richmond immediately and a warrant for 150,000 shares of these shares to be issued upon the filing of the registration statement for
our proposed public offering, as compensation for these additional management services, valued at 1.75 per share, for an approximate
total dollar value to us and Mr. Richmond of 525,000. On January 26, 2022, we granted to Mr. Richmond the first warrant to purchase
150,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 0.01 per share, and on February 14, 2022, we granted Mr. Richmond the second
warrant to purchase an additional 150,000 shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of 0.01 per share. In March
2022, Mr. Richmond fully exercised these warrants for 300,000 shares of common stock and paid 3,000. Pursuant to the October 2022 Letter
Agreement that we entered into with him, Mr. Richmond agreed to forego his rights to such shares of common stock in accordance with the
FINRA Staff s determination that such shares constituted underwriting compensation in connection with this public offering based
on the FINRA Staff s interpretation of FINRA Rule 5110. 

113 

Mr. Richmond has been a Co-Head of Investment
Banking at Univest since July 2020. Mr. Richmond is not an executive officer, director or equity owner of Univest. Univest is the representative
of the underwriters for the Company s proposed public offering and, as such, will be receiving the compensation that will be set
forth under the section Underwriting (Conflict of Interest) of the prospectus for the Company s proposed public
offering, to the extent that such compensation is earned by Univest in accordance with the underwriting agreement that we intend to enter
into with Univest. Mr. Richmond, as a registered representative of Univest who is entitled to a portion of Univest s compensation
due to his employment terms, will receive a percentage of the commissions and a percentage of the representative s warrants earned
by Univest in our proposed public offering, to the extent that such commissions and warrants are earned by Univest in accordance with
the underwriting agreement that we intend to enter into with Univest. 

In
2020, prior to Mr. Richmond s engagement with us as a consultant, we conducted a private placement in which we sold 5,600,192 shares
of common stock at 1.25 per share for an aggregate of 7,000,240 . This private placement was completed on September 25,
2020. Under an exclusive engagement agreement with Univest dated May 22, 2020, as amended, Univest acted as the exclusive placement agent
for this private placement. As a Managing Director of Univest, Mr. Richmond received from Univest 4,000 shares of common stock, as a
registered representative of Univest entitled to a portion of Univest s compensation due to his employment terms, upon Univest s
signing of our engagement agreement with them, with an approximate dollar value of 5,240 based on the closing price of the common stock
on September 25, 2020 on the OTCQB of 1.31. Univest received a total of 10,000 shares of common stock at this time, with an approximate
dollar value of 13,100 based on the closing price of the common stock on September 25, 2020 on the OTCQB of 1.31. Upon the completion
of this private placement, we paid Univest 560,019.20 in cash commissions, of which Mr. Richmond received from Univest 161,381.53.
We also sold to Univest warrants to purchase 186,667 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 1.375 per share, with a total approximate
dollar value of 256,667 based on the exercise price of the warrants. Of this amount, as a registered representative of Univest entitled
to a portion of Univest s compensation due to his employment terms, Mr. Richmond received warrants to purchase 112,006 shares of
common stock, with a total approximate dollar value of 154,008 based on the exercise price of the warrants. All of these warrants have
been exercised. 

As
discussed under Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
Liquidity and Capital Resources Units Private Placement , in May 2021, as modified in December 2021, we entered into
an exclusive private placement agreement with Univest pursuant to which Univest agreed to act as our exclusive placement agent for a
private placement of up to 18,000,000 in units comprised of our convertible notes and warrants to purchase our common stock. Through
the end of 2021, we conducted a number of closings of this private placement and raised an aggregate gross amount of 7,456,039. In connection
with the placement agent agreement and our completion of the 2021 closings, we paid Univest 596,483 in cash commissions, of which Mr.
Richmond received from Univest 17,473. In 2022, a number of additional closings in this private placement occurred, including a final
closing on August 12, 2022, in which we raised an aggregate gross amount of 7,315,138, and issued units in exchange for services or
other non-cash consideration valued at approximately 618,678. In connection with these closings, we paid Univest 415,716.80, of which
Mr. Richmond received from Univest 110,693.41, and paid an aggregate of 30,000 to Univest s legal counsel. Also, on January 24,
2022, for services in connection with our My Health Logic Acquisition, we issued Univest 68,571 units and Mr. Richmond, as a registered
representative of Univest entitled to a portion of Univest s compensation due to his employment terms, 102,857 units in exchange
for Univest s and Mr. Richmond s services valued at a total of 300,000 provided to us in connection therewith. On June 26,
2022, in anticipation of the final closing of this private placement and pursuant to our placement agency agreement with Univest, we
issued Univest, as placement agent, a placement agent warrant for the purchase of 231,359 shares of common stock, and a warrant to Mr.
Richmond, as a registered representative of Univest entitled to a portion of Univest s compensation due to his employment terms,
a placement agent warrant for the purchase of 347,039 shares of common stock. In accordance with the placement agency agreement, the
placement agent warrants were issued in exchange for a 100 payment by Univest, and were exercisable on a cash or cashless basis, in
aggregate, to purchase a number of shares of common stock equal to approximately 8 of the units sold in the units private placement.
The placement agent warrants exercise price per share was equal to the price per unit of the units sold in the units private placement,
which, at the time of the placement agent warrants issuance was 1.75, subject to adjustment. The approximate dollar value of
the transaction was 1,012,197 based on the exercise price of the warrants. The warrants were to expire on June 26, 2027. Pursuant to
the October 2022 Letter Agreement, each of Univest and Mr. Richmond agreed to forego their applicable rights to such securities issued
to them in connection with the My Health Logic acquisition, because the FINRA Staff determined that such securities constituted underwriting
compensation in connection with this public offering based on the FINRA Staff s interpretation of FINRA Rule 5110 (see Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Key Highlights of Fiscal Year
2022 October 2022 Letter Agreement ). 

Between
July 2021 and August 2021, Mr. Richmond made loans to the Company of a total of 691,712 for working capital purposes. These loans, which
were undocumented, carried interest at the annual rate of 1 . The loans were repaid in January 2022, and Mr. Richmond earned
and was paid 6,917.12 in interest on the loans. 

In
March 2022, Mr. Richmond, along with several persons, acting individually, purchased a portion of the unexercised balance of a fully-vested
option to purchase 1,100,000 shares of common stock at 1.01 per share from one of our former executives, which remaining balance was
transferred directly to Mr. Richmond. Such option purchased by Mr. Richmond was exercisable to purchase 273,750 shares of common stock,
was granted on March 17, 2022, and was to expire on March 16, 2024. Mr. Richmond paid the former executive 25,000 for such option. The
Company recorded the changes in ownership upon proof of Mr. Richmond s payment for such option and the Company did not pay or receive
cash or other consideration in connection with the purchase of such option. Pursuant to the October 2022 Letter Agreement entered into
with the Company, Mr. Richmond agreed to forego his rights to such option, effectively unwinding such transaction, and we and Mr. Richmond
agreed to the transfer of the option to a Company designee who is unaffiliated with Mr. Richmond, in accordance with the FINRA Staff s
interpretation of Rule 5110 (see Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
 Key Highlights of Fiscal Year 2022 October 2022 Letter Agreement ). 

114 

On
 December 21, 2021, as part of our Units Private Placement, we agreed to issue Viner Total
 Investment Fund, or Viner, a Convertible Note and a Class C Warrant in exchange for 6 million,
 a commitment to invest an additional 2 million for securities with the same terms upon our
 filing of a registration statement on Form S-1 in connection with this public offering, and
 a commitment to invest another 2 million for securities with the same terms upon our responding
 in a satisfactory manner to the first round of SEC comments. The Convertible Note may be
 converted into 3,428,571 shares of common stock at the conversion price of 1.75 per share,
 subject to adjustment, and additional shares at the conversion price due to accrued interest.
 In the event the Company consummates, while the Convertible Note is outstanding, an equity
 financing with a gross aggregate amount of securities sold of not less than 10,000,000,
 or a qualified financing, and provided that the Company is listed on a national securities
 exchange and the shares into which the Convertible Note may be converted may be issued or
 resold under an effective registration statement, then all outstanding principal, together
 with all unpaid accrued interest under the Convertible Note, would automatically convert
 into shares of common stock at the lesser of (i) 75 of the cash price per share paid in
 the qualified financing and the conversion price, subject to antidilution adjustments. In
 addition, if at any time following the sixty (60) day anniversary of the final closing date
 or termination of the Units Private Placement, and provided there is an effective registration
 statement permitting the issuance or resale of the shares of common stock into which the
 convertible notes may be converted, if (A) the Company s common stock is listed on
 a senior national securities exchange, (B) the daily volume-weighted average price for the
 prior 20 consecutive trading days is 6.00 or more (adjusted for splits and similar distributions)
 and (C) the daily trading volume is at least 1,000,000 during such 20-day period, then the
 Company would have the right to require Viner to convert all or any portion of the principal
 and accrued interest then remaining under its Convertible Note into shares of common stock
 at the above conversion price in effect on the mandatory conversion date. The Convertible
 Note and Class C Warrant also provide that a lower price per share, or more favorable terms,
 respectively, under subsequent equity issuances, not including qualified financings, will
 become part of the conversion or exercise rights of the Convertible Note and Class C Warrant,
 respectively. The Convertible Note is secured by a first priority security interest in all
 assets of the Company. The Convertible Note entitles its holder to vote with the shares of
 common stock, on an as-converted to common stock basis, with respect to all corporate matters
 of the Company on which the holders of common stock are entitled to vote, subject to any
 applicable beneficial ownership limitations. The Class C Warrant may be exercised to purchase
 6,857,142 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 2.25 per share, subject to adjustment.
 The Convertible Note and Class C Warrant also carry certain antidilution and registration
 rights as to the underlying shares of common stock. For further discussion of the terms of
 these securities, see Item 7. Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity
 and Capital Resources Units Private Placement . As a result of this investment,
 Viner would be considered to beneficially own an aggregate of 10,778,863 shares, or approximately
 20.9 , of common stock as of March 24, 2023, based on 40,768,191 shares of common stock
 outstanding as of March 24, 2023, including accrued convertible interest under the Convertible
 Note and convertible securities that are exercisable within 60 days, but for
 its execution of a waiver of its exercise and conversion rights under its Convertible Note
 and Class C Warrant, as well as certain beneficial ownership limitations under the Convertible
 Note and Class C Warrant which currently prevent the holder from becoming the beneficial
 owner of more than 4.99 of the outstanding shares of common stock, which limitations may
 not apply to additional shares that Viner could potentially purchase upon certain adjustments
 to the Class C Warrant exercise provisions if our proposed public offering is completed and
 does not constitute a qualified financing. In addition, we and Univest, as placement agent
 for the Units Private Placement, have determined that the final closing under our Units Private
 Placement has occurred, and in accordance with Viner s unit purchase agreement with
 the Company, Viner will not be permitted to invest any further amounts in the Units Private
 Placement. Viner has also executed a waiver relating to its subscription rights under its
 unit purchase agreement with the Company. At the time of Viner s investment in December
 2021, Peter Kwong Yun Kai, Yuan Xiaoxi, and Cheng Wan Wing were the directors of Viner, Fulixin
 Global Wealth Management Limited was the investment manager of Viner, and Peter Kwong Yun
 Kai was the sole officer, director or other affiliate of Fulixin Global Wealth Management
 Limited, and shared voting and investment control over the securities held by Viner. Cheng
 Wan Wing, Chen Hua, and Hu Mingyue, the current directors of Viner, Apollo Asset Management
 Limited, Viner s current investment manager, and Wong Ho Tim, the current sole officer,
 director or other affiliate of Apollo Asset Management Limited, currently share voting and
 investment control over the securities held by Viner. 

On
March 24, 2022, Waichun Logistics Technology Limited, or Waichun, agreed to purchase 4 million of our Convertible Notes and Class C
Warrants. On March 24, 2022, Waichun invested 2 million and received a Convertible Note for a principal amount of 2 million and corresponding
Class C Warrant. On each of June 17, 2022 and August 12, 2022, under separate agreements, Waichun invested 500,000 and 1,500,000 respectively,
and received additional Convertible Notes and corresponding Class C Warrants. In total, the Convertible Notes held by Waichun may be
converted into 2,285,713 shares of common stock at the Conversion Price, and additional shares at the Conversion Price due to accrued
interest. The Convertible Notes and Class C Warrants issued to Waichun have similar terms as those issued to Viner described above, except
that Waichun s Convertible Notes do not automatically convert upon the occurrence of a qualified financing and the other conditions
described above as to such other Convertible Notes holder s automatic conversion provisions. However, the Convertible Notes held
by Waichun will become convertible at Waichun s option at the discounted conversion price described above, and an effective registration
statement covering the conversion shares is not required for such conversion. Waichun s Class C Warrants may be exercised to purchase
4,571,427 shares of common stock for 2.25 per share, subject to adjustment. For further discussion of the terms of these
securities, see Description of Securities Units Private Placement . As a result of these investments, Waichun
would be considered to beneficially own an aggregate of 7,087,902 shares, or approximately 14.8 , of our common stock as of March 24, 2023, based on 40,768,191 shares of common stock outstanding as of March 24, 2023, including accrued convertible interest under
the Convertible Note , but for certain beneficial ownership limitations under the Convertible Note and Class C Warrant which
currently prevent the holder from becoming the beneficial owner of more than 4.99 of the outstanding shares of common stock, which limitations
may not apply to additional shares that Waichun could potentially purchase upon certain adjustments to the Class C Warrant exercise provisions
if our proposed public offering is completed and does not constitute a qualified financing. We and Univest, as placement agent for the
Units Private Placement, have determined that the final closing under our Units Private Placement has occurred, and in accordance with
Waichun s unit purchase agreement with the Company, Waichun will not be permitted to invest any further amounts in the Units Private
Placement. Waichun also executed a waiver relating to certain subscription rights under its unit purchase agreement with the Company.
Hui Xian, Chief Executive Officer of Waichun, has had sole voting and investment control over the securities held by Waichun since its
investment in our securities. 

115 

Director
Independence 

Our
board of directors currently consists of seven members: David Barthel, Dr. Vithalbhai Dhaduk, Dr. William Hearl, Julie Kampf, Terry Brostowin,
Dr. Nilesh Patel, and Michael Stewart. Our board of directors has determined that Dr. Dhaduk, Dr. Hearl, Ms. Kampf, Mr. Brostowin, Dr.
Patel, and Mr. Stewart are independent directors as that term is defined in Nasdaq Listing Rule 5605(a)(2). 

Our
independent director agreements with our non-executive directors provide that they will receive annual cash fees and equity compensation
in the form of options at fair market value for their service to the board of directors. 

Under
their independent director agreements, dated June 7, 2022, each non-executive director will receive an annual cash fee and an annual
award of stock options. We will pay the annual cash compensation fee to each independent director in four equal installments no later
than the fifth business day of each calendar quarter commencing in the quarter ending September 30, 2022. We granted the stock options
to the non-executive directors on July 7, 2022. The annual cash fee paid to each non-executive director will be 28,000 as to Dr. Dhaduk;
 28,000 as to Mr. Brostowin; 33,000 as to Dr. Hearl; 33,000 as to Ms. Kampf; 18,000 as to Dr. Patel; and 28,000 as to Mr. Stewart.
On August 26, 2022, the Board adopted resolutions providing that the cash compensation to the independent directors began to accrue as
of April 1, 2022. Under the independent director agreements, the annual award of stock options granted to Dr. Dhaduk, Mr. Brostowin,
Dr. Hearl and Ms. Kampf may be exercised to purchase 40,000 shares of common stock. The exercise price of the initial grant is 2.20
per share. These stock options vest and become exercisable in 12 equal monthly installments over the first year following the date of
grant, subject to the respective director continuing in service on our board of directors through each such vesting date. The stock options
awarded to Dr. Patel and Mr. Stewart may be exercised to purchase 120,000 shares of common stock. These stock options will vest and become
exercisable in twelve (12) equal quarterly installments over the first three years following the date of grant, subject to the respective
director continuing in service on our board of directors through each such vesting date. The exercise price of the initial grant is 2.20
per share. The term of each stock option is ten (10) years from the date of grant. We will also reimburse each non-executive director
for pre-approved reasonable business-related expenses incurred in good faith in connection with the performance of the director s
duties for us. As also required under the independent director agreements, we have separately entered into our standard indemnification
agreement for executive officers and directors with each of our non-executive directors. 

Pursuant to a previous director agreement,
Terry Brostowin, one of our independent directors, received options to purchase 140,000 shares of the Company s common stock on
December 6, 2018, at an exercise price equal to 1.01 per share, and options to purchase 250,000 shares of the Company s common
stock, at an exercise price equal to 1.01 per share, for service on the board. All of these options are fully vested. 

See Item 11. Executive Compensation
 Director Compensation for additional discussion regarding compensatory arrangements with the Company s independent
directors. 

Committees
of the Board of Directors 

Our
board of directors has the authority to appoint committees to perform certain management and administration functions. On January 26,
2022, the board restructured its committees and established or reestablished an Audit Committee, a Compensation Committee, and a Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee, and also formed a Pricing Committee for our proposed public offering. The board also adopted a committee charter
for the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee, and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. The committee charters are
available on our website at https://www.marizyme.com. 

In
addition, our board of directors may, from time to time, designate one or more additional committees, which shall have the duties and
powers granted to it by our board of directors. 

Audit
Committee 

Michael
Stewart, Terry Brostowin, and Dr. William Hearl, each of whom satisfies the independence requirements of Rule 10A-3 under
the Exchange Act and Nasdaq s rules, were selected to serve on our Audit Committee, with Mr. Stewart serving as the chairman. Mr.
Stewart has been determined by our board to be qualified as an audit committee financial expert as defined under Item 407(d)(5)(ii)
and (iii) of Regulation S-K. 

116 

Compensation
Committee 

Ms.
Kampf, Mr. Brostowin, and Dr. Hearl, each of whom satisfies the independence requirements of Rule 10C-1 under the Exchange
Act and the Nasdaq Listing Rules, serve on our Compensation Committee, with Ms. Kampf serving as the chairman. The members of the Compensation
Committee are also Non-Employee Directors within the meaning of Section 16 of the Exchange Act. 

Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee 

Dr.
Dhaduk, Dr. Hearl and Ms. Kampf, each of whom satisfies the independent director requirements of the Nasdaq Listing Rules,
serve on our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, with Dr. Dhaduk serving as the chairman. 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

Principal
Accountant Fees 

The
aggregate fees billed to the Company by the Company s principal accountant, WithumSmith+Brown, PC, for the indicated services for
each of the last two fiscal years were as follows: 

Year Ended 

December
 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit Fees 
 124,000 
 112,000 
 
 Audit-Related Fees 

Tax Fees 

All Other Fees 

Total 
 124,000 
 112,000 

As
used in the table above, the following terms have the meanings set forth below. 

Audit
Fees 

Audit
fees consist of aggregate fees billed for each of the last two fiscal years for professional services performed by the Company s principal accountant for the audit of the financial statements
included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K and review of the financial statements included in our quarterly Form 10-Q filings, reviews
of registration statements and issuances of consents, and services that are normally provided in connection with statutory and regulatory
filings or engagements. 

Audit-Related
Fees 

Audit-related
fees consist of aggregate fees billed for each of the last two fiscal years for assurance and related services performed by the Company s principal accountant that are reasonably related
to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported under the paragraph captioned Audit-Fees 
above. We did not engage our principal accountant to provide assurance or related services during the last two fiscal years. 

Tax
Fees 

Tax
fees consist of aggregate fees billed for each of the last two fiscal years for professional services performed by the
Company s principal accountant with respect to tax compliance, tax advice, tax consulting and tax planning. We did not engage
our principal accountant to provide tax compliance, tax advice or tax planning services during the last two fiscal years. 

All
Other Fees 

All
other fees consist of aggregate fees billed for each of the last two fiscal years for products and services provided by the Company s principal accountant, other than for the services
reported under the headings Audit Fees , Audit-Related Fees and Tax
Fees above. We did not engage our principal accountant to render services to us during the last two fiscal years, other than
as reported above. 

Pre-Approval
Policies and Procedures 

All auditing services and permissible non-audit services (including the fees and terms thereof) to be performed for the Company by our
independent auditor must be approved by the Audit Committee in advance, except non-audit services (services other than audit, review or
attest services), if such services fall within exceptions established by the SEC. The chairman of the Audit Committee has been delegated with
the authority to pre-approve auditing services and permissible non-audit services, and any pre-approval decisions made pursuant to such
delegation must be presented to the Audit Committee at its next regularly-scheduled meeting. 

None
of the services described under Audit-Related Fees , Tax Fees or All
Other Fees above for either of the last two fiscal years were approved by the Audit Committee pursuant to paragraph (c)(7)(i)(C)
of Rule 2-01 of Regulation S-X. 

The
percentage of hours expended on the Company s principal accountant s engagement to audit the Company s financial statements
for the most recent fiscal year that were attributed to work performed by persons other than the principal accountant s full-time,
permanent employees was not greater than 50 . 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15. EXHIBIT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

Financial
Statements and Schedules 

The
consolidated financial statements are set forth under Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this
Annual Report on Form 10-K. Financial statement schedules have been omitted since they are either not required, not applicable, or the
information is otherwise included. 

117 

Exhibit
List 

(a)
List of Documents Filed as a Part of This Report: 

(1)
Index to Consolidated Financial Statements: 

Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 100) 

Consolidated
 Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Consolidated
 Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Consolidated
 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Consolidated
 Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Notes
 to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(2)
Index to Financial Statement Schedules: 

All
schedules have been omitted because the required information is included in the consolidated financial statements or the notes thereto,
or because it is not required. 

(3)
Index to Exhibits 

See
exhibits listed under Part (b) below. 

The
following exhibits are filed as part of this report or incorporated by reference: 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Description 
 
 2.1 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger between GBS Enterprises Incorporated and Marizyme, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Form 10 (File No. 000-53223) filed on September 12, 2018) 
 
 2.2 
 
 Arrangement Agreement, dated as of November 1, 2021, among Health Logic Interactive Inc., Marizyme, Inc. and My Health Logic Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Form 8-K filed on November 5, 2021) 
 
 3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Form SB-2 (File No: 333-146748) filed January 14, 2008) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation, effective September 6, 2010 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1.1(2) to Form 10-K filed on July 16, 2012) 
 
 3.3 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation, effective November 22, 2010 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1.2 to Form 10-K/A filed on July 15, 2011) 
 
 3.4 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation regarding 1-for-29 Reverse Stock Split filed March 20, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1.4 to Form 10 (File No. 000-53223) filed on September 12, 2018) 
 
 3.5 
 
 Series A Non-Convertible Preferred Certificate of Designation filed May 11, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1.6 to Form 10-12G filed on September 12, 2018) 
 
 3.6 
 
 Certificate of Withdrawal of Certificate of Designation, effective January 25, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.5 to Form S-1 filed on February 14, 2022) 
 
 3.7 
 
 Articles of Merger between Marizyme, Inc. and GBS Enterprises Incorporated filed May 19, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1.5 to Form 10 (File No. 000-53223) filed on September 12, 2018) 
 
 3.8 
 
 Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Form SB-2/A (File No: 333-146748) filed January 14, 2008) 
 
 3.9 
 
 Certificate of Change Pursuant to NRS 78.209 filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada on August 3, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Form 8-K filed on August 3, 2022) 
 
 3.10 
 
 Certificate of Amendment Pursuant to NRS 78.380 78.390 to the Articles of Incorporation filed with the Nevada Secretary of State on December 30, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Form 8-K filed on January 5, 2023) 
 
 3.11 
 
 Certificate of Change Pursuant to NRS 78.209, as filed by Marizyme, Inc. with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada on January 5, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to Form 8-K filed on January 17, 2023) 
 
 3.12 
 
 Certificate of Change Pursuant to NRS 78.209, as filed by Marizyme, Inc. with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada on January 13, 2023, effective on January 17, 2023 at 4:45 PM Pacific time (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to Form 8-K filed on January 17, 2023) 
 
 3.13 
 
 Certificate of Change Pursuant to NRS 78.209, as filed by Marizyme, Inc. with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada on January 13, 2023, effective on January 17, 2023 at 5:00 PM Pacific time (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.5 to Form 8-K filed on January 17, 2023) 

118 

3.14 
 
 Certificate of Change Pursuant to NRS 78.209, as filed by Marizyme, Inc. with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada on January 13, 2023, effective on January 17, 2023 at 5:15 PM Pacific time (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.6 to Form 8-K filed on January 17, 2023) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Form of Placement Agent Common Stock Purchase Warrant for 2020 Common Stock and Warrant Private Placement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Form 10-Q filed on August 14, 2020) 
 
 4.2 
 
 Form of Placement Agent Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.75 to Form 10-Q filed on August 23, 2021) 
 
 4.3 
 
 Form of 10 Secured Convertible Promissory Note issued by Marizyme, Inc., dated December 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Form 8-K filed on December 27, 2021) 
 
 4.4 
 
 Form of Class C Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued by Marizyme, Inc., dated December 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Form 8-K filed on December 27, 2021) 
 
 4.5+ 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued to Bradley Richmond, dated October 2, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.11 to Form S-1 filed on February 14, 2022) 
 
 4.6+ 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued to AAT Services Inc., dated December 21, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.9 to Form S-1/A filed on November 2, 2022) 
 
 4.7+ 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued to Rydra Capital Corp., dated December 21, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.10 to Form S-1/A filed on November 2, 2022) 
 
 4.8+ 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued to Bradley Richmond, dated January 26, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to Form 10-Q filed on May 16, 2022) 
 
 4.9+ 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued to Bradley Richmond, dated February 14, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to Form 10-Q filed on May 16, 2022) 
 
 4.10 
 
 Form of 10 Secured Convertible Promissory Note issued by Marizyme, Inc., dated March 24, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to Form 10-Q filed on May 16, 2022) 
 
 4.11 
 
 Form of Class C Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued by Marizyme, Inc., dated March 24, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.6 to Form 10-Q filed on May 16, 2022) 
 
 4.12 
 
 Form of 10 Secured Convertible Promissory Note issued by Marizyme, Inc., dated May 11, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.7 to Form 10-Q filed on May 16, 2022) 
 
 4.13 
 
 Form of Class C Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued by Marizyme, Inc., dated May 11, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.8 to Form 10-Q filed on May 16, 2022) 
 
 4.14 
 
 Form of 10 Secured Convertible Promissory Note issued by Marizyme, Inc., dated August 12, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Form 8-K filed on August 18, 2022) 
 
 4.15 
 
 Form of Class C Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued by Marizyme, Inc., dated August 12, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Form 8-K filed on August 18, 2022) 
 
 4.16 
 
 Promissory Note issued by Marizyme, Inc. to Hexin Global Ltd., dated December 28, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.16 to Form S-1/A filed on February 1, 2023) 
 
 4.17 
 
 Form of Unit Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.18 to Form S-1/A filed on February 1, 2023) 
 
 4.18 
 
 Form of Warrant Agent Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.19 to Form S-1/A filed on February 1, 2023) 
 
 4.19 
 
 Unsecured Subordinated Convertible Promissory Note issued by Marizyme, Inc., dated February 6, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Form 8-K filed on February 7, 2023) 
 
 4.20 
 
 Class D Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued by Marizyme, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Form 8-K filed on February 7, 2023) 
 
 4.21 
 
 Description of Securities of Marizyme, Inc. 
 
 10.1 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement, dated September 12, 2018 between ACB Holding AB, Reg. No. 559119-5762 and Marizyme, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10 (File No. 000-53223) filed on September 12, 2018) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Assignment Agreement of Patent Applications (Antarctic krill), dated September 12, 2018, between ACB Holding AB, Reg. No. 559119-5762 and Marizyme, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Form 10 (File No. 000-53223) filed on September 12, 2018) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Assignment Agreement of Patent Applications (Enzymatic), dated September 12, 2018, between ACB Holding AB, Reg. No. 559119-5762 and Marizyme, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Form 10 (File No. 000-53223) filed on September 12, 2018) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Assignment Agreement of Patent Applications (Thrombosis), dated September 12, 2018, between ACB Holding AB, Reg. No. 559119-5762 and Marizyme, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Form 10 (File No. 000-53223) filed on September 12, 2018) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Patent Purchase and Assignment Agreement, dated September 12, 2018, between ACB Holding AB, Reg. No. 559119-5762 and Marizyme, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Form 10 (File No. 000-53223) filed on September 12, 2018) 
 
 10.6+ 
 
 Director Agreement with Terry Brostowin dated December 6, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to Form 10-K filed on March 5, 2019) 
 
 10.7 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement by and among the Registrant and Somahlution, LLC et al, dated December 15, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed on December 19, 2019) 
 
 10.8 
 
 Amendment No. 1 dated March 31, 2020, to Asset Purchase Agreement by and among the Registrant and Somahlution, LLC et al, dated December 15, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed on June 5, 2020) 
 
 10.9 
 
 Amendment No. 2 dated May 29, 2020, to Asset Purchase Agreement by and among the Registrant and Somahlution, LLC et al, dated December 15, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K filed on June 5, 2020) 

119 

10.10 
 
 Amendment No. 3 dated July 30, 2020, to Asset Purchase Agreement by and among the Registrant and Somahlution, LLC et al, dated December 15, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed on August 5, 2020) 
 
 10.11 
 
 Form of Subscription Agreement for 2020 Private Placement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10-Q filed on August 14, 2020) 
 
 10.12 
 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement for 2020 Private Placement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Form 10-Q filed on August 14, 2020) 
 
 10.13+ 
 
 Mutual Release of Claims Agreement by and between Marizyme, Inc. and Nicholas DeVito dated August 27, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to Form S-1 filed on February 14, 2022) 
 
 10.14+ 
 
 Executive Employment Agreement, dated October 31, 2021, between Marizyme, Inc. and David Barthel (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to current report on Form 8-K filed on November 15, 2021) 
 
 10.15+ 
 
 Indemnification Agreement dated November 1, 2020 with Terry Brostowin (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Form 10-Q filed on November 16, 2020) 
 
 10.16+ 
 
 Marizyme, Inc. Amended and Restated 2021 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to Form S-1/A filed on November 2, 2022) 
 
 10.17+ 
 
 Form of Stock Option Agreement for Marizyme, Inc. Amended and Restated 2021 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to Form S-1/A filed on November 2, 2022) 
 
 10.18+ 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement for Marizyme, Inc. Amended and Restated 2021 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to Form S-1/A filed on November 2, 2022) 
 
 10.19+ 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for Marizyme, Inc. Amended and Restated 2021 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to Form S-1/A filed on November 2, 2022) 
 
 10.20+ 
 
 Offer Letter between Marizyme, Inc. and Dr. Steven Brooks dated December 1, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to Form 10-K filed on April 15, 2021) 
 
 10.21 
 
 Form of Placement Agency Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.74 to Form 10-Q filed on August 23, 2021) 
 
 10.22 
 
 Form of Unit Purchase Agreement between Marizyme, Inc. and the investors signatory thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed on December 27, 2021) 
 
 10.23 
 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement between Marizyme, Inc. and the investors signatory thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K filed on December 27, 2021) 
 
 10.24 
 
 Form of Exchange Agreement between Marizyme, Inc. and the person executing the signature page thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Form 8-K filed on December 27, 2021) 
 
 10.25 
 
 Placement Agency Agreement between Marizyme, Inc. and Univest Securities, LLC, dated December 10, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Form 8-K filed on December 27, 2021) 
 
 10.26 
 
 Form of Guarantors Security Agreement, dated as of May 20, 2021, between Marizyme Sciences, Inc., Somaceutica, Inc., and Somahlution, Inc., and the secured parties signatory thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.26 to Form S-1 filed on February 14, 2022) 
 
 10.27 
 
 Form of Guaranty, dated as of May 19, 2021, of Marizyme Sciences, Inc., Somaceutica, Inc., and Somahlution, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.27 to Form S-1 filed on February 14, 2022) 
 
 10.28 
 
 Form of Security Agreement, dated as of May 25, 2021, between Marizyme, Inc. and the secured parties signatory thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.28 to Form S-1 filed on February 14, 2022) 
 
 10.29 
 
 Form of Trademark Security Agreement, dated as of May 19, 2021, between Marizyme, Inc. and the secured parties signatory thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.29 to Form S-1 filed on February 14, 2022) 
 
 10.30 
 
 Form of Patent Security Agreement, dated as of May 19, 2021, between Marizyme, Inc. and the secured parties signatory thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.30 to Form S-1 filed on February 14, 2022) 
 
 10.31+ 
 
 Consulting Agreement, dated December 21, 2021, by and among Marizyme, Inc., AAT Services Inc., and George Kovalyov (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to Form 8-K filed on December 27, 2021) 
 
 10.32+ 
 
 Consulting Agreement, dated September 30, 2020, by and between Marizyme, Inc. and Bradley Richmond (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.32 to Form S-1 filed on February 14, 2022) 
 
 10.33+ 
 
 Consulting Agreement, dated December 21, 2021, by and among Marizyme, Inc., Rydra Capital Corp., and Harrison Ross (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.33 to Form S-1 filed on February 14, 2022) 
 
 10.34+ 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated March 5, 2021, between Marizyme, Inc. and Bruce Harmon (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.34 to Form S-1 filed on February 14, 2022) 
 
 10.35 
 
 Lease, dated December 11, 2020, between JIC Equities, LLC and Marizyme, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.35 to Form S-1 filed on February 14, 2022) 
 
 10.36+ 
 
 Executive Employment Agreement, dated July 26, 2021, between Marizyme, Inc. and Catherine Pachuk (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.36 to Form S-1 filed on February 14, 2022) 
 
 10.37+ 
 
 Amendment to Executive Employment Agreement, dated as of February 8, 2022, between Marizyme, Inc. and David Barthel (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K filed on February 9, 2022) 
 
 10.38+ 
 
 Marizyme Employment Terms and Conditions Agreement, dated January 18, 2021, between Marizyme, Inc. and Amy Chandler (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.38 to Form S-1 filed on February 14, 2022) 
 
 10.39+ 
 
 Stock Option Agreement, dated January 29, 2021, between Marizyme, Inc. and Amy Chandler (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.39 to Form S-1 filed on February 14, 2022) 
 
 10.40+ 
 
 Marizyme Employment Terms and Conditions Agreement, dated February 25, 2021, between Marizyme, Inc. and Roger Schaller (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.40 to Form S-1 filed on February 14, 2022) 

120 

10.41+ 
 
 Employment Offer Letter, dated January 16, 2021, between Marizyme, Inc. and Roger Schaller (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.41 to Form S-1 filed on February 14, 2022) 
 
 10.42+ 
 
 Confidential Separation Agreement and General Release, dated September 14, 2021, between Marizyme, Inc. and Roger Schaller (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.43 to Form S-1 filed on February 14, 2022) 
 
 10.43 
 
 Agreement to Transfer Option and Amendatory Agreement, among Marizyme, Inc., James Sapirstein and Bevilacqua PLLC as escrow agent, dated March 3, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.43 to Form S-1/A filed on November 2, 2022) 
 
 10.44+ 
 
 Stock Option Agreement with James Sapirstein dated June 12, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Form S-1 filed on February 14, 2022) 
 
 10.45+ 
 
 Stock Option Agreement with Terry Brostowin dated December 6, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Form S-1 filed on February 14, 2022) 
 
 10.46 
 
 Stock Option Agreement with Frank Maresca dated July 13, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to Form S-1 filed on February 14, 2022) 
 
 10.47 
 
 Stock Option Agreement with Frank Maresca dated January 9, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to Form S-1 filed on February 14, 2022) 
 
 10.48+ 
 
 Stock Option Agreement with James Sapirstein dated July 13, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to Form S-1 filed on February 14, 2022) 
 
 10.49+ 
 
 Stock Option Agreement with Terry Brostowin dated July 13, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.6 to Form S-1 filed on February 14, 2022) 
 
 10.50+ 
 
 Stock Option Agreement with Nicholas DeVito dated July 13, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Form 10-Q filed on November 13, 2019) 
 
 10.51+ 
 
 Form of Incentive Stock Option Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Form 10-Q filed on November 13, 2019) 
 
 10.52+ 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement between Marizyme, Inc. and each current officer or director (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.52 to Form S-1/A filed on November 2, 2022) 
 
 10.53+ 
 
 Form of Independent Director Agreement between Marizyme, Inc. and each current non-executive director (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.53 to Form S-1/A filed on November 2, 2022) 
 
 10.54+ 
 
 Stock Option Agreement, dated January 16, 2021, between Marizyme, Inc. and Roger Schaller (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.42 to Form S-1 filed on February 14, 2022) 
 
 10.55 
 
 Waiver, dated July 22, 2022, between Marizyme, Inc. and Viner Total Investments Fund (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.55 to Form S-1/A filed on November 2, 2022) 
 
 10.56 
 
 Waiver, dated July 22, 2022, between Marizyme, Inc. and Waichun Logistics Technology Limited (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.56 to Form S-1/A filed on November 2, 2022) 
 
 10.57 
 
 First Amendment to Lease, dated March 16, 2022, between JIC Equities, LLC and Marizyme, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10-Q filed on August 15, 2022) 
 
 10.58 
 
 Form of Limited Waiver and Consent between Marizyme, Inc. and certain investors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.58 to Form S-1/A filed on November 2, 2022) 
 
 10.59 
 
 Waiver and Consent between Marizyme, Inc. and Viner Total Investments Fund, dated January 9, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to Form 8-K filed on January 17, 2023) 
 
 10.60 
 
 Letter Agreement between Marizyme, Inc. and Univest Securities, LLC, dated January 12, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to Form 8-K filed on January 17, 2023) 
 
 10.61 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 6, 2023, by and between Marizyme, Inc. and Walleye Opportunities Master Fund Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed on February 7, 2023) 
 
 10.62+ 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to the Marizyme, Inc. Amended and Restated 2021 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Annex B to the Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed on November 10, 2022) 
 
 14.1 
 
 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.1 to Form S-1/A filed on November 2, 2022) 
 
 21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certifications of Principal Executive Officer filed pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certifications of Principal Financial and Accounting Officer filed pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certifications of Principal Executive Officer furnished pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certifications of Principal Financial and Accounting Officer furnished pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Certain schedules to this
 agreement have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. Marizyme, Inc. agrees to furnish supplementally to the Securities
 and Exchange Commission a copy of any omitted schedule upon request. 

+ 
 Indicates management contract
 or compensatory plan. 

ITEM
16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY. 

None. 

121 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Date:
 March 24, 2023 

MARIZYME,
 INC. 

By:
 
 /s/
 David Barthel 

Name: 
 David
 Barthel 

Title: 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 

By:
 
 /s/
 George Kovalyov 

Name: 
 George
 Kovalyov 

Title: 
 Chief
 Financial Officer and Treasurer 

In
accordance with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant
and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

SIGNATURE 
 
 TITLE 
 
 DATE 

/s/
 Dr. Vithalbhai Dhaduk 

Chairman
 of the Board and Independent 
 
 March
 24, 2023 
 
 Dr.
 Vithalbhai Dhaduk 
 
 Director 

/s/
 Terry Brostowin 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 24, 2023 
 
 Terry
 Brostowin 

/s/
 Dr. William Hearl 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 24, 2023 
 
 Dr.
 William Hearl 

/s/
 Julie Kampf 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 24, 2023 
 
 Julie
 Kampf 

/s/
 Michael Stewart 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 24, 2023 
 
 Michael
 Stewart 

/s/
 Nilesh Patel 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 24, 2023 
 
 Nilesh
 Patel 

/s/
 David Barthel 

Chief
 Executive Officer and Director 
 
 March
 24, 2023 
 
 David
 Barthel 
 
 (principal
 executive officer) 

/s/
 George Kovalyov 

Chief
 Financial Officer and Director 

March
24, 2023 
 
 George
 Kovalyov 
 
 (principal financial and accounting officer) 

122 

<EX-4.21>
 2
 ex4-21.htm

Exhibit
4.21 

DESCRIPTION
OF SECURITIES 

The
following is a summary of the rights of our securities and certain provisions of our articles of incorporation, as amended, and our bylaws. This summary does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its
entirety by the provisions of our articles of incorporation, as amended, and bylaws, each of which is filed as an exhibit to the Annual
Report on Form 10-K to which this exhibit is attached. In this exhibit, we, us, our, our
company , Marizyme and similar references refer to Marizyme, Inc., a Nevada corporation. All capitalized terms have
the meanings of such terms in the Annual Report on Form 10-K to which this exhibit is attached. 

General 

As
of March 24, 2023, our authorized capital stock consisted of: 

300,000,000
 shares of common stock, par value 0.001 per share, giving effect to the Authorized Capital Increase and without giving effect to
 the First Reverse Stock Split, the Second Reverse Stock Split, the First Forward Stock Split, the Second Forward Stock Split, or
 the Consolidated Reverse Stock Split (see Part I. Note Regarding Presentation of Capitalization in this Report 
 of the Annual Report on Form 10-K to which this exhibit is attached); and 

25,000,000
 shares of blank check preferred stock, par value 0.001 per share. 

As
of March 24, 2023, there were 40,768,191 shares of common stock issued and outstanding and no shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding.
All of our currently issued and outstanding shares of capital stock are validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable under the Nevada
Revised Statutes. 

Common
Stock 

Holders
of our common stock: (i) are entitled to share ratably in all of our assets available for distribution upon liquidation, dissolution
or winding up of our affairs; (ii) do not have preemptive, subscription or conversion rights, nor are there any redemption or sinking
fund provisions applicable thereto; and (iii) are entitled to one vote per share on all matters on which stockholders may vote at all
stockholder meetings. Each stockholder is entitled to receive the dividends as may be declared by our directors out of funds legally
available for dividends. Our directors are not obligated to declare a dividend. Any future dividends will be subject to the discretion
of our directors and will depend upon, among other things, future earnings, the operating and financial condition of our company, our
capital requirements, general business conditions and other pertinent factors. 

The
presence of the persons entitled to vote a majority (more than 50 of the outstanding voting shares on a matter before the stockholders
shall constitute the quorum necessary for the consideration of the matter at a stockholders meeting. 

The
vote of the holders of a majority of the votes cast on the matter at a meeting at which a quorum is present shall constitute an act of
the stockholders, except for the election of directors, who shall be appointed by a plurality of the shares entitled to vote at a meeting
at which a quorum is present. The common stock does not have cumulative voting rights, which means that the holders of a majority of
the common stock voting for election of directors can elect 100 of our directors if they choose to do so. 

Preferred
Stock 

Subject
to the terms contained in any designation of a series of preferred stock, the board of directors is expressly authorized, at any time
and from time to time, to fix, by resolution or resolutions, the rights, powers, designations, preferences and relative, participating,
optional and other rights and qualifications, limitations and restrictions for shares of any class or classes of preferred stock, without
the consent of the stockholders of the Company. 

Somahlution
Acquisition Warrants 

On
July 31, 2020, in connection with the acquisition of all of the Somahlution Assets, the Company issued to certain Somahlution designees
warrants to purchase 3,000,000 shares of common stock. The warrants have an exercise price of 5.00 per share and a term of five years.
These warrants were still outstanding as of March 24, 2023. 

Securities
Issued in the Units Private Placement 

Convertible
Notes 

In
connection with the Units Private Placement, we issued the Convertible Notes, which in aggregate may be converted into 8,269,228 shares
of common stock as of March 24, 2023, subject to certain adjustments as described such above section. Each Convertible Note is convertible
into common stock of the Company at a price per share of 1.75, subject to adjustment (the Conversion Price ). The Convertible
Notes mature 24 months after the applicable closing date and accrue 10 of simple interest per annum on the outstanding principal amount.
The Convertible Notes principal and accrued interest can be converted at any time at the option of each holder at the Conversion
Price. The Convertible Notes are secured by a first priority security interest in all assets of the Company and are also subject to the
Guarantors Security Agreement between each investor in the Units Private Placement and Marizyme Sciences, Somaceutica, and Somahlution,
the Guaranty of each of Marizyme Sciences, Somaceutica and Somahlution granted to the investors, and the Security Agreement, Trademark
Security Agreement, and Patent Security Agreement between the Company and the investors. 

The
Convertible Notes issued or reissued in exchanged for the cancellation of previously-issued Convertible Notes from May 2021 to November
2021, and Convertible Notes issued from December 2021 until March 24, 2022, provide that in the event the Company consummates an equity
financing with a gross aggregate amount of securities sold of not less than 10,000,000, or a qualified financing, and provided that
the Company is listed on a trading market that is a senior exchange such as Nasdaq or the New York Stock Exchange and the shares into
which the Convertible Notes may be converted may be issued or resold under an effective registration statement, then all outstanding
principal, together with all unpaid accrued interest, under the convertible notes, would automatically convert into shares of common
stock at the lesser of 75 of the cash price per share paid in the qualified financing and the otherwise applicable conversion price.
In addition, if at any time following the sixty (60) day anniversary of the final closing date or termination of this private placement,
and provided there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance or resale of the shares of common stock into which
the convertible notes may be converted, if (A) the Company s common stock is listed on a senior national securities exchange, (B)
the daily volume-weighted average price for the prior 20 consecutive trading days is 6.00 or more (adjusted for splits and similar distributions)
and (C) the daily trading volume is at least 1,000,000 during such 20-day period, then the Company would have the right to require the
convertible notes to convert all or any portion of the principal and accrued interest then remaining under the note into shares of common
stock at the above conversion price in effect on the mandatory conversion date. 

A
holder of a Convertible Note will not have the right to convert the Convertible Note to the extent that the holder (together with its
affiliates) would become the beneficial owner of in excess of 4.99 of the number of shares of common stock outstanding, as such percentage
ownership is determined in accordance with the terms of the Convertible Note, or 9.99 if the holder becomes the beneficial owner of
more than 4.99 of the outstanding shares of common stock not including shares of common stock that may otherwise be received upon conversion
of the Convertible Note or exercise of a Class C Warrant. An increase of this percentage to any other percentage not in excess of 9.99 ,
provided that any increase in such percentage shall not be effective until 61 days following notice from the holder to us. This limitation
may not apply to certain antidilution provisions of the Convertible Notes. 

The
Convertible Notes in our March 24, 2022 and subsequent closings were also modified to provide that upon the occurrence of a qualified
financing, such Convertible Notes may be voluntarily, not automatically, convertible at the option of the holders, at the lower of 75 
of the price per equity security in such financing and the otherwise applicable conversion price. The conversion provision was also modified
to remove the requirement that an effective registration statement allow for the issuance or resale of shares of common stock into which
the Convertible Notes may be converted in order for the conversion price of the Convertible Notes to be subject to the reduction to 75 
of the price per equity security in a qualified financing. 

The
Convertible Notes have certain registration requirements as to the shares of common stock underlying the Convertible Notes upon the final
closing of the Units Private Placement under registration rights agreements between the Company and the purchasers of the Convertible
Notes. By executing certain lock-up agreements with the representative of the underwriters in our proposed public offering, the purchasers of the Convertible
Notes agreed that doing so amounted to a waiver of their rights under the registration rights agreements, and that any such registration
rights will be afforded to such purchasers in a subsequent registration statement. Certain investors have assigned their Convertible
Notes or Warrants to other investors pursuant to consents from the underwriters, and their assigns have executed waiver agreements with
similar registration rights waiver provisions. 

Each
Convertible Note entitles its holder to vote with the shares of common stock, on an as-converted to common stock basis, with respect
to all corporate matters of the Company on which the holders of common stock are entitled to vote, subject to any applicable beneficial
ownership limitations. The Convertible Notes also have customary antidilution provisions. In addition, the Convertible Notes provide
that a lower price per share under subsequent equity issuances, not including qualified financings, will be applied to the conversion
price of the Convertible Notes. 

The
December 2021 placement agency agreement and form of unit purchase agreement relating to the Units Private Placement provide that up
to 18 million and 17 million of the units containing the Convertible Notes may be sold, respectively. On August 12, 2022, we completed
the final closing of the Units Private Placement. 

In
August 2022, certain holders of the Convertible Notes executed limited waiver and consent agreements waiving their conversion rights.
The limited waiver and consent agreements were to expire on December 31, 2022, or if earlier to occur, upon the approval of an increase
in the number of the authorized shares of common stock under the Company s articles of incorporation by the Company s stockholders
by majority written consent or via stockholder vote at the Company s next stockholder meeting and the implementation of such increase,
which were to occur as soon as practicable after such stockholder approval. On December 27, 2022, we held the Annual Meeting. At the
Annual Meeting, stockholders holding shares of common stock in the Company representing at least a majority of the voting power approved,
among other matters, the Authorized Capital Increase. As a result, the limited waiver and consent agreements expired in accordance with
their terms. 

Class
C Warrants 

In
connection with the Units Private Placement, we issued Class C Warrants, which in aggregate may be exercised to purchase up to 16,538,486
 shares of common stock as of March 24, 2023. Each Class C Warrant is exercisable for two shares of common stock at an exercise
price per share equal to the lower of (i) 2.25 and (ii) 75 of the cash price per share paid by the other purchasers of next round securities
in an equity financing with a gross aggregate amount of securities sold of not less than 10,000,000, or a qualified financing, subject
to certain antidilution adjustments. The Class C Warrants provide that more favorable terms under subsequent equity issuances, not including
qualified financings, will be applicable to the exercise rights of such Class C Warrants. The Class C Warrants also have related rights
pursuant to the January 2023 Letter Agreement, as described below. The Class C Warrants are exercisable for a period of five years from
issuance. 

The
Class C Warrants have certain registration requirements as to the shares of common stock underlying the Class C Warrants upon the final
closing of the Units Private Placement under registration rights agreements between the Company and the purchasers of the Class C Warrants.
By executing certain lock-up agreements with the representative of the underwriters in our proposed public offering, the purchasers of the Class C Warrants
agreed that doing so amounted to a waiver of their rights under the registration rights agreements, and that any such registration rights
will be afforded to such purchasers in a subsequent registration statement. Certain investors have assigned their Convertible Notes or
Warrants to other investors pursuant to consents from the underwriters, and their assigns have executed waiver agreements with similar
registration rights waiver provisions. A holder of a Class C Warrant will generally not have the right to convert a Class C Warrant to
the extent that the holder (together with its affiliates) would become the beneficial owner of in excess of 4.99 of the number of shares
of common stock outstanding, as such percentage ownership is determined in accordance with the terms of the Class C Warrant, or 9.99 
if the holder becomes the beneficial owner of more than 4.99 of the outstanding shares of common stock not including shares of common
stock that may otherwise be received upon exercise of a Class C Warrant. An increase of this percentage to any other percentage not in
excess of 9.99 , provided that any increase in such percentage shall not be effective until 61 days following notice from the holder
to us. This limitation may not apply to certain antidilution provisions of the Class C Warrants, including an adjustment to the number
of warrant shares that may be purchased under the Class C Warrants as a result of an applicable issuance of securities that does not
constitute a qualified financing at more favorable terms than were provided under the Class C Warrants. Under the January
2023 Letter Agreement, we agreed that simultaneously with any adjustment to the exercise price under the Class C Warrants as a result
of any equity issuances, not including qualified financings, the number of shares of common stock that may be purchased under the Class
C Warrants will be increased such that the aggregate exercise price of such shares will be the same as the aggregate exercise price in
effect immediately prior to the adjustment, without regard to any limitations on exercise contained in the Class C Warrants, including
the beneficial ownership limitation described above. 

The
current placement agency agreement and form of unit purchase agreement relating to the Units Private Placement provide that up to 18
million and 17 million of the units containing the Class C Warrants may be sold, respectively. On August 12, 2022, we completed the
final closing of the Units Private Placement. 

In
August 2022, certain holders of the Class C Warrants executed limited waiver and consent agreements waiving their conversion rights.
The limited waiver and consent agreements were to expire on December 31, 2022, or if earlier to occur, upon the approval of an increase
in the number of the authorized shares of common stock under the Company s articles of incorporation by the Company s stockholders
by majority written consent or via stockholder vote at the Company s next stockholder meeting and the implementation of such increase,
which were to occur as soon as practicable after such stockholder approval. On December 27, 2022, we held the Annual Meeting. At the
Annual Meeting, stockholders holding shares of common stock in the Company representing at least a majority of the voting power approved,
among other matters, the Authorized Capital Increase. As a result, the limited waiver and consent agreements expired in accordance with
their terms. 

Class
D Warrant 

The
February 2023 Warrant shall be exercisable immediately upon the Public Offering Date and may be exercised until the Termination Date.
The February 2023 Warrant Exercise Price will be equal to the public offering price per unit at which units are sold under the Public
Offering Registration Statement. The February 2023 Warrant provides for voluntary cashless exercise if at the time of exercise thereof
there is no effective registration statement registering, or the prospectus contained therein is not available for the issuance of, the
February 2023 Warrant Shares to the February 2023 Warrant holder, and provides for automatic cashless exercise upon the Termination Date
if the February 2023 Warrant is not otherwise exercised. The February 2023 Warrant holder may not exercise the February 2023 Warrant
to the extent that the February 2023 Warrant holder (together with its Affiliates (as defined by the February 2023 Warrant)) would beneficially
own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limit. The February 2023 Warrant holder may increase the Beneficial Ownership Limit to any
other percentage not in excess of 9.99 , provided that any increase in such percentage shall not be effective until 61 days following
notice from the February 2023 Warrant holder. The number of February 2023 Warrant Shares, the February 2023 Warrant Exercise Price and
other terms of the February 2023 Warrant are subject to customary adjustments upon the occurrence of certain corporate events subject
to the Beneficial Ownership Limit to the extent specified. The Company may also voluntarily reduce the February 2023 Warrant Exercise
Price to any amount and for any period of time deemed appropriate by the board of directors of the Company subject to the prior written
consent of the February 2023 Warrant holder. The February 2023 Warrant is transferable but may only be disposed of in compliance with
state and federal securities laws pursuant to the February 2023 Securities Purchase Agreement. The February 2023 Warrant Shares acquired
upon the exercise of the February 2023 Warrant, if not registered, will also have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal
securities laws. 

Pursuant
to the February 2023 Securities Purchase Agreement, the Company shall promptly, but in any event no later than 90 days following the
Public Offering Date, prepare and file with the SEC the Resale Registration Statement. The Company shall use its commercially reasonable
efforts to have the Resale Registration Statement declared effective as soon as practicable after filing thereof but in no event later
than the date that is 120 days following the Public Offering Date. After the Resale Registration Statement is declared effective, the
Company shall continue to keep the Resale Registration Statement effective until the Warrant Shares may be resold pursuant to Rule 144
under the Securities Act, or have been sold. 

Placement
Agent Warrants 

In
connection with the private placement of units described with respect to the Units Private Placement, upon its final closing, we were
required to issue warrants to Univest, as placement agent, and its designee, to purchase an aggregate of 8.0 of the total number of
units sold in the Units Private Placement for a total payment of 100. On June 26, 2022, in anticipation of the final closing of the
Units Private Placement, in exchange for 100, we issued Univest a warrant for the purchase of 231,239 shares of common stock, and a
warrant to Bradley Richmond, as a registered representative of Univest who is entitled to a portion of Univest s compensation due
to his employment terms, for the purchase of 347,039 shares of common stock. The warrants had an exercise price equal to the Conversion
Price, currently 1.75 per share. The warrants were exercisable, in whole or in part, until June 26, 2027 by payment of cash or on a
cashless net exercise basis, and carried certain antidilution provisions and other exercise price adjustments that were substantially
identical to equivalent provisions of the Class C Warrants. 

Pursuant
to the October 2022 Letter Agreement, each of Univest and Mr. Richmond agreed to forego their applicable rights to such warrants, as
the FINRA Staff determined that such securities constituted underwriting compensation in connection with this public offering based on
the FINRA Staff s interpretation of FINRA Rule 5110. 

Options 

On
May 18, 2021, our board of directors approved the SIP, which was ratified by the Company s stockholders on September 20, 2021.
The SIP governs stock options issued prior to May 18, 2021. On August 30, 2022 and October 21, 2022, the board approved an amendment
to the SIP to increase the number of shares of common stock reserved for issuance under the SIP, which was ratified by the Company s
stockholders on December 27, 2022. The SIP provides for the grant of restricted stock, stock options or other equity securities to our
officers, employees, directors, advisors and consultants. The maximum number of shares of common stock that may be issued pursuant to
awards granted under the SIP is 7,200,000 shares. Cancelled and forfeited stock options and stock awards may again become available for
grant under the SIP. As of March 24, 2023, a total of 350,000 shares of restricted common stock, and options to purchase a total of 3,925,943
shares of common stock at a weighted-average price of 1.33 per share, had been granted, and 2,924,057 shares remained available for
issuance under the SIP . The SIP will continue in
effect until its termination by our board of directors; provided, however, that all awards under the SIP must be granted by May 18, 2031. 

In
August 2022, certain holders of stock options executed limited waiver and consent agreements waiving their conversion rights. The limited
waiver and consent agreements were to expire on December 31, 2022, or if earlier to occur, upon the approval of an increase in the number
of the authorized shares of common stock under the Company s articles of incorporation by the Company s stockholders by majority
written consent or via stockholder vote at the Company s next stockholder meeting and the implementation of such increase, which
were to occur as soon as practicable after such stockholder approval. On December 27, 2022, we held the Annual Meeting. At the Annual
Meeting, stockholders holding shares of common stock in the Company representing at least a majority of the voting power approved, among
other matters, the Authorized Capital Increase. As a result, the limited waiver and consent agreements expired in accordance with their
terms. 

Anti-Takeover
Provisions 

Provisions
of the Nevada Revised Statutes and our bylaws could have the effect of delaying or preventing a third-party from acquiring us, even if
the acquisition would benefit our stockholders. Such provisions of Nevada law and our bylaws are intended to enhance the likelihood of
continuity and stability in the composition of our board of directors and in the policies formulated by the board of directors and to
discourage certain types of transactions that may involve an actual or threatened change of control of our company. These provisions
are designed to reduce our vulnerability to an unsolicited proposal for a takeover that does not contemplate the acquisition of all our
outstanding shares, or an unsolicited proposal for the restructuring or sale of all or part of our company. 

Nevada
Anti-Takeover Statutes 

We
have elected not to be governed by the terms and provisions of Nevada s control share acquisition laws (Nevada Revised Statutes
78.378 - 78.3793), which prohibit an acquirer, under certain circumstances, from voting shares of a corporation s stock after crossing
specific threshold ownership percentages, unless the acquirer obtains the approval of the issuing corporation s stockholders. The
first such threshold is the acquisition of at least one-fifth but less than one-third of the outstanding voting power. We may become
subject to Nevada s Control Share Acquisition Act if the Company has 200 or more stockholders of record, at least 100 of whom are
residents of the state of Nevada, does business in the state of Nevada directly or through an affiliated corporation, and we amend our
bylaws to reverse the election to not be governed by these statutes. Currently, we do not conduct business in the state of Nevada directly
or through an affiliated corporation. 

We
are governed by the terms and provisions of Nevada s Combination with Interested Stockholders Statute (Nevada Revised Statutes
78.411 - 78.444), which prohibits an interested stockholder from entering into a combination with the corporation,
unless certain conditions are met. An interested stockholder is a person who, together with affiliates and associates,
beneficially owns (or within the prior three years, did beneficially own) 10 or more of the corporation s voting stock,
or otherwise has the ability to influence or control such corporation s management or policies. 

Nevada
law also provides that no director may be removed by less than a two-thirds vote of the issued and outstanding shares entitled to vote
on the removal (Nevada Revised Statutes 78.335). This requirement also has the effect of discouraging change of control of the Company. 

Bylaws 

In
addition, various provisions of our bylaws may also have an anti-takeover effect. These provisions may delay, defer or prevent a tender
offer or takeover attempt of the Company that a stockholder might consider in his or her best interest, including attempts that might
result in a premium over the market price for the shares held by our stockholders. Our bylaws may be adopted, amended or repealed by
the affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of the voting power of our outstanding shares of capital stock, and except
as provided by Nevada law, our board of directors shall have the power to adopt, amend or repeal the bylaws by a vote of not less than
a majority of our directors. Any bylaw provision adopted by the board of directors may be amended or repealed by the holders of a majority
of the voting power of our outstanding shares of capital stock. Our bylaws also contain limitations as to who may call special meetings
as well as require advance notice of stockholder matters to be brought at a meeting. 

Authorized
but Unissued Shares 

Our
authorized but unissued shares of common stock are available for our board of directors to issue without stockholder approval. We may
use these additional shares for a variety of corporate purposes, including raising additional capital, corporate acquisitions and employee
stock plans. The existence of our authorized but unissued shares of common stock could render it more difficult or discourage an attempt
to obtain control of the Company by means of a proxy context, tender offer, merger or other transaction since our board of directors
can issue large amounts of capital stock as part of a defense to a take-over challenge. In addition, we have authorized in our articles
of incorporation 25,000,000 shares of preferred stock. However, the board acting alone and without approval of our stockholders can designate
and issue one or more series of preferred stock containing super-voting provisions, enhanced economic rights, rights to elect directors,
or other dilutive features, that could be utilized as part of a defense to a take-over challenge. 

Supermajority
Voting Provisions 

Nevada
law provides generally that the affirmative vote of a majority of the shares entitled to vote on any matter is required to amend a corporation s
articles of incorporation or bylaws, unless a corporation s articles of incorporation or bylaws, as the case may be, require a
greater percentage. Although our articles of incorporation and bylaws do not currently provide for such a supermajority vote on any matters,
our board of directors can amend our bylaws and we can, with the approval of our stockholders, amend our articles of incorporation to
provide for such a super-majority voting provision. 

Transfer
Agent and Registrar 

The
transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is Securities Transfer Corporation, 2901 N Dallas Parkway, Suite 380, 

 Plano,
Texas 75093, telephone (469) 633-0101. 

</EX-4.21>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 ex21-1.htm

EXHIBIT
21.1 

List
of Subsidiaries 

Marizyme
Sciences, Inc., a Florida corporation 

 Somaceutica,
Inc., a Florida corporation 

 Somahlution,
Inc., a Delaware corporation 

 My
Health Logic Inc., a corporation incorporated pursuant to the laws of the Province of Alberta, Canada 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I,
David Barthel, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Marizyme, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
 financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
 persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
March 24, 2023 

/s/
 David Barthel 

David
 Barthel 

Chief
 Executive Officer 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I,
George Kovalyov, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Marizyme, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
 financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
 persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
March 24, 2023 

/s/
 George Kovalyov 

George
 Kovalyov 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

The
undersigned Chief Executive Officer of Marizyme, Inc. (the Company ), DOES HEREBY CERTIFY that to my knowledge: 

1.
The Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with
the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2.
Information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of
the Company. 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this statement on March 24, 2023. 

/s/
 David Barthel 

David
 Barthel 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Marizyme, Inc. and will be retained by Marizyme, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

The
forgoing certification is being furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. It is
not being filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and is not to be incorporated by reference
into any filing of the Company, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such
filing. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

The
undersigned Chief Financial Officer of Marizyme, Inc. (the Company ), DOES HEREBY CERTIFY that to my knowledge: 

1.
The Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with
the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2.
Information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of
the Company. 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this statement on March 24, 2023. 

/s/
 George Kovalyov 

George
 Kovalyov 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Marizyme, Inc. and will be retained by Marizyme, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

The
forgoing certification is being furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. It is
not being filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and is not to be incorporated by reference
into any filing of the Company, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such
filing. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 mrzm-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 mrzm-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 mrzm-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 mrzm-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

