<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230302_10-K_edgar_data_1438231_0001437749-23-005216.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10283039</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>241252</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1554639</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3409098</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2469534</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2307210</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001437749-23-005216.hdr.sgml : 20230302
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230302160623
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001437749-23-005216
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		112
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230302
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230302

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Digimarc CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001438231
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER INTEGRATED SYSTEMS DESIGN [7373]
		IRS NUMBER:				262828185
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			OR
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34108
		FILM NUMBER:		23698886

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8500 SW CREEKSIDE PLACE
		CITY:			BEAVERTON
		STATE:			OR
		ZIP:			97008
		BUSINESS PHONE:		503-469-4800

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8500 SW CREEKSIDE PLACE
		CITY:			BEAVERTON
		STATE:			OR
		ZIP:			97008

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	DMRC CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080620

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001437749-23-005216.txt : 20230302

10-K
 1
 dmrc20221231_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

dmrc20221231_10k.htm 

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 
 Annual Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended 
 OR 
 Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number 
 
 DIGIMARC CORPORATION 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 
 Title of Each Class Trading Symbol Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 
 The Stock Market LLC 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: NONE 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of common stock, par value 0.001 per share, held by non-affiliates of the registrant, based on the closing price of our common stock on the Nasdaq Global Market on the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed fiscal second quarter (June 30, 2022), was approximately million. Shares of common stock beneficially held by each officer and director have been excluded from this computation because these persons may be deemed to be affiliates. This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive determination for any other purposes. 
 As of February 23, 2023, shares of the registrant s common s tock were outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 Portions of the registrant s proxy statement pursuant to Regulation 14A (the Proxy Statement for its 2023 annual meeting of shareholders are incorporated by reference into Items 10, 11, 12, 13 and 14 of Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The registrant intends to file the Proxy Statement not later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Auditor Name: Auditor Location: Portland, Auditor Firm ID: 

Table of Contents 

Table of Contents 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 5 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 14 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 14 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 14 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 14 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 15 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 16 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 29 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 29 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 29 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 29 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections 
 29 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 30 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 30 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 30 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 30 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 30 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 31 

SIGNATURES 
 34 

Table of Contents 

PART I 
 
 Unless the context otherwise requires, references in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to Company, Digimarc, we, our and us refer to Digimarc Corporation. 
 
 All dollar amounts are in thousands except per share amounts or unless otherwise noted. The percentages within the tables may not sum to 100 due to rounding. 
 
 Digimarc, Digimarc Barcode, The Barcode of Everything, Barcode of Everything, and the circle-d logo are registered trademarks of Digimarc Corporation. EVRYTHNG and EVRYTHNG PRODUCT CLOUD are registered trademarks of EVRYTHNG Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of Digimarc. 
 
 ITEM 1: BUSINESS 
 
 The following discussion of Digimarc s business contains forward-looking statements relating to future events or the future financial performance of Digimarc. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements. Please see the discussion regarding forward-looking statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K in Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, under the caption Forward-Looking Statements. 
 
 The following discussion of our business should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the related notes and other financial information appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 On January 3, 2022, the Company completed the acquisition of EVRYTHNG Limited and its subsidiaries EVRYTHNG ), a London-based product cloud company. Unless context otherwise requires, references to EVRYTHNG refer to our wholly owned subsidiaries following the acquisition. 
 
 Overview 
 
 Digimarc Corporation Digimarc or the Company ), an Oregon corporation, is a global leader in product digitization, delivering business value across industries through unique identities and cloud-based solutions. Digimarc s technology highlights a product s journey to provide greater visibility into all relevant product data, allowing companies to make more intelligent business decisions. 
 
 The Digimarc Illuminate Platform is a distinctive software as a service that combines Digimarc s digital watermarks and/or Quick Response QR codes with product cloud technologies. By digitizing products using Digimarc's unique digital watermarks, QR codes, and/or other digital tags, products can connect with the web and interact with consumers and digital devices. Interactions are powered by the product cloud, where data and instructions are provided based on context, and which captures a record of every interaction. 
 
 The Digimarc product suite is built on top of the Digimarc Illuminate Platform to address specific business needs. All of the Company s products are complementary to each other, providing exponential benefits when combined. By enabling customers to create digital identities for physical and digital media objects, Digimarc s technologies provide many benefits, including: 

Digimarc Validate protects product authenticity to ensure real products are in the right place. Digimarc's technology delivers exclusive, covert digital watermarks and/or QR codes and a cloud-based record of product authentication information. In addition, consumer engagement capabilities provide a direct, digital communications channel with consumers. 

Digimarc Engage unlocks an interactive communications channel connecting brands and consumers. Digimarc's technology activates products and media through on-package QR codes, enabling consumers to scan for more information. Combined with cloud-based rules, brands can deliver contextually relevant content based on time, location, and more. 

Digimarc Recycle increases the recyclability of products and packaging through unique digital watermarks. Digimarc's technology activates products and packaging with unique digital watermarks to improve accuracy and performance in recycling facilities. In addition, consumer engagement capabilities deliver a direct, digital communications channel with consumers, and a cloud-based record of recycling information provides new insights. 

Our technologies provide a powerful security element (the ability to apply a unique code in any media object), which gave rise to our long-term relationship with a consortium of central banks the Central Banks ). That relationship, centered on the counterfeit deterrence of banknotes, was the first commercially successful large-scale use of our technologies. 
 
 In January 2022, Digimarc announced the successful completion of its acquisition of EVRYTHNG, a market leader and pioneer in product cloud technology, linking every product item to a digital identity on the web and joining-up product data across the value chain for visibility, validation, real time intelligence and connection with people. Combining Digimarc s and EVRYTHNG s capabilities makes it possible to gather and apply traceability data from across the product lifecycle, unlocking end-to-end visibility and authenticity through item-level, real-time intelligence and analytics. 
 
 In March 2022, Digimarc and AIM European Brands Association announced the completion of a semi-industrial trial of Digimarc digital watermarks as part of the Digital Watermarks Initiative HolyGrail 2.0. With an average detection rate of 99 , results demonstrated that Digimarc s technology performs exceptionally well across all tested categories of plastic packaging material in conditions that represent routine industrial operations and maintains performance in harsher conditions. 
 
 In June 2022, Digimarc and Sealed Air SEE ), a global leader in digital printing and packaging, announced a partnership to bring product digitization at scale to markets like food proteins, eCommerce fulfillment, industrials, and consumer goods through smart packaging. The partnership provides the industry with a complete end-to-end smart packaging solution by combining Digimarc s leading product digitization platform with prismiq , SEE s innovative digital packaging brand with a portfolio of solutions for design services, digital printing, and smart packaging. 
 
 In June 2022, Digimarc and the Circular Plastics Taskforce CPT ), an industry collaboration promoting the implementation of a circular economy for post-consumer plastics in Quebec and Canada, announced a partnership to test Digimarc Recycle for optimizing the sortation of flexible plastic packaging in Canada, a first in North America. 

1

Table of Contents 

In October 2022, the results of the first part of the project with CPT were announced, confirming the effectiveness of Digimarc Recycle in improving recycling sortation. With a 99 accuracy of detection and sorting for films and flexibles, CPT concluded that Digimarc technology sorts films and flexibles accurately and efficiently on a SKU-level (deterministic) basis. Starting in 2023, CPT aims to implement the technology in facilities to enable the separation of flexibles by attributes, allowing the creation of new end-markets. 
 
 In December 2022, Digimarc announced an additional multi-year agreement with Walmart to help further optimize store operations. The agreement covers an expanded deployment of Digimarc Illuminate Platform capabilities beyond the scope of the existing agreement between the two companies. 
 
 In December 2022, Digimarc also announced a five-year extension of its agreement with the Central Banks. The agreement was renewed two years early and is effective through December 31, 2029. Digimarc has been a key, long-term partner in the central banks worldwide effort to deter counterfeiting of currency and a major contributor to the program s success. 
 
 Integrated Environmental, Social and Governance Strategy 
 
 Digimarc is committed to becoming a leader in the Environmental, Social and Governance space ESG ). ESG is an integral element of Digimarc's strategy, covering the three key areas of our organization s impacts on the world around us impacts on the economy, environment, and people ), as well as environmental, social, and governance risks or opportunities that have an impact on Digimarc enterprise value creation ). This supports our ability to create value sustainably. 
 
 We proactively manage our ESG impacts across People, Product, and Planet , the three pillars of Digimarc s ESG Framework. In addition, our responsible management of Governance topics forms the foundation for this Framework. 
 
 In 2021, Digimarc started investing in ESG as an integrated element of its strategy and operations by forming an internal ESG team. A materiality assessment was performed by the ESG team that identified Digimarc s material ESG impacts, based on a stakeholder mapping and the globally recognized standards published by the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board SASB ). 
 
 Some of the most prominent ESG impacts we identified are the following: 

People 
 Product 
 Planet 

Human Capital Management, including employee engagement and diversity, equity, and inclusion DEI ). 
 Product design for sustainability applications, such as Digimarc watermarks ability to improve the accuracy of plastics sortation for recycling. 
 Climate change management, including our carbon footprint and our strategic response to climate risks and opportunities. 

Management of material ESG impacts across People, Product, and Planet is integrated throughout our organization. Accountability and responsibility for impacts lies with functional leads and relevant subject-matter experts, who act as Impact Owners and Impact Managers , respectively. This approach allows effective incorporation of ESG considerations into our strategic decisions, policies, and processes. The ESG team plays a coordinating role, supporting Impact Owners and Impact Managers and reporting on progress to stakeholders. 
 
 In April 2022, Digimarc published its inaugural ESG Impact Report, aligned with industry standards, such as those published by SASB and the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures TCFD ). Throughout the year, Digimarc s Impact Owners, Impact Managers, and the ESG team worked together to collect data, implement policies, and improve practices related to People, Product, Planet, and Governance. 
 
 More information on our commitment to ESG, including our ESG Impact Report, can be found at http://www.digimarc.com/company/impact . The content on any website referred to in this annual report is not incorporated by reference in this annual report unless expressly noted. 
 
 Customers and Business Partners 
 
 We generate revenue through two primary markets: government and commercial. Government includes the Central Banks and other government customers. Commercial includes retailers, consumer brands, their suppliers and related solution providers, as well as media, entertainment, and other customers. 
 
 We derive our revenue primarily from subscriptions for our software products and software development services. Subscriptions for our software products are generally sold to retailers, consumer brands, their suppliers and related solution providers. Software development services are generally provided to the Central Banks. During 2022, we generated 46 of our revenue under the long-term contract with the Central Banks, with whom we have been developing, deploying, supporting and enhancing a system to deter digital counterfeiting of currency for over 24 years. In December 2022, the 5-year extension option included in our contract with the Central Banks was exercised two years early. The contract now runs through December 31, 2029. 
 
 Technology and Intellectual Property 
 
 We seek patent protection for our inventions to differentiate our products and technologies, mitigate infringement risks, and develop opportunities for licensing. Our broad patent portfolio covers a wide range of methods, applications, system architectures and processes. 
 
 Our intellectual property contains many innovations in digital watermarking, content and object recognition, product authentication, and related fields. To protect our inventions, we have implemented an extensive intellectual property protection program that relies on a combination of patent, copyright, trademark and trade secret laws, and nondisclosure agreements and other contracts. As a result, we believe we have one of the world s most extensive patent portfolios in digital watermarking and related fields, with approximately 950 U.S. and foreign patents granted and applications pending as of December 31, 2022. The patents in our portfolio each have a life of approximately 20 years from the patent s effective filing date. 

2

Table of Contents 

Our current patent licensees include, among others, AlpVision SA, Intellectual Ventures, Kantar SAS, NexGuard Labs B.V., Nielsen, OverDrive, Inc., Signum Technologies, Teletrax B.V., U-NICA Systems AG and Verance Corporation. 
 
 For a discussion of activities and costs related to our research and development in the last two years, see Research, development and engineering under Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 Markets 
 
 Our patented technologies are used in various automatic identification products and solutions supporting a variety of media objects, from consumer goods to movies and music, digital images, and banknotes. Each media object enabled by our technology creates the potential for several applications, such as: 

product authentication of physical products; 

sorting of consumer packaged goods in recycling streams; 

track and trace of products within the supply chain; 

quality control in manufacturing processes; 

inventory management and planogram compliance; 

retail point of sale transaction processing; 

piracy deterrence of digital media objects; 

content identification and media management; and 

enhanced services in support of mobile commerce. 

We believe that existing products and solutions represent only a small portion of the potential market for our technology. 
 
 Competition 
 
 No single competitor or small number of competitors dominate our market. Our competitors vary depending on the application of our products and services. We generally compete with non-digital watermarking technologies. These alternatives include, among other things, encryption-based security systems and technologies and solutions based on fingerprinting, pattern recognition, and traditional barcodes. Our competitive position in digital watermarking applications is strong because of our large, high-quality, sophisticated patent portfolio and our substantial and growing amount of intellectual property in related innovations for the automatic identification of physical and digital media objects that span basic technologies, applications, system designs and business processes. Our intellectual property portfolio allows us to use proprietary technologies that are well-regarded by our customers and partners, and not available to our competitors without a license. We compete based on the variety of features we offer and a traditional cost/benefit analysis against alternative technologies and solutions. We anticipate that our competitive position within some markets may be affected by factors such as reluctance to adopt new technologies and by changes in government regulations. 

Backlog 

Based on projected commitments we have for the periods under contract with our respective customers, we anticipate our current contracts as of
 December 31, 2022, will generate a minimum of 44 million in future revenue, compared to 29 million as of
 December 31, 2021. The increase is largely related to the structure of our contract with the Central Banks, the addition of backlog from EVRYTHNG post acquisition, and new commercial contracts signed during the year. We expect approximately 24 million of the 44 million to be recognized as revenue during
 2023.

Some factors that lead to increased backlog include:

contracts with new customers; 

renewals with current customers; 

add-on orders with customers; and 

contracts with longer contractual periods replacing contracts with shorter contractual periods. 

Some factors that lead to decreased backlog include: 

recognition of revenue associated with existing backlog; 

contracts with shorter contractual periods replacing contracts with longer contractual periods; 

modifications to existing contracts; 

contract minimum payments ending; and 

expiration of contracts with existing customers. 

3

Table of Contents 

The mix of these factors, among others, dictates whether our backlog increases or decreases for any given period. Our backlog may not result in actual revenue in any particular period, because the orders, awards and contracts included in our backlog may be subject to modification, cancellation or suspension. We may not realize revenue on certain contracts, orders or awards included in our backlog, or the timing of any realization may change. 

Human Capital Resources and Management 

Employees and Labor Relations 

At
 December 31, 2022, we had 277 full-time employees, including 101 in sales, marketing, product, operations and customer support; 133 in research, development and engineering; and 43 in finance, administration, information technology, intellectual property and legal.

Our employees are not covered by any collective bargaining agreement, and we have never experienced a work stoppage. We believe that our relations with our employees are good. Voluntary employee turnover was 14 and 9 for the years ended
 December 31, 2022, and
 2021, respectively. The increase in voluntary employee turnover was largely driven by a more competitive labor market.

Values 
 
 Culture is critically important to Digimarc s success. We incorporate our core values in daily interactions with colleagues, customers, vendors and other stakeholders. Our core values are embodied in the words Collaborative, Curious and Courageous. 

Digimarc Values 

Collaborative 
 Curious 
 Courageous 

We : 
 Ask for help Prioritize mentoring Build trust and transparency 
 Support innovative thinking Continuously seek clarity Listen to our stakeholders 
 Challenge our own biases Cultivate collective experiences Seek out and support ideas 

We Do Not: 
 Avoid difficult conversations 
 Lose sight of our purpose 
 Assume we have all the answers 

Digimarc follows a Purposeful Working approach which enables teams to determine the right balance of working between home and office locations, taking into consideration both the company and departmental needs, and those of our staff. 
 
 Diversity, Equity and Inclusion 
 
 We strive to create an environment where innovative ideas can flourish by demonstrating respect for each other and valuing the diverse opinions, backgrounds and viewpoints of our employees. We are committed to innovation and representing diversity in a myriad of ways, including race, color, national origin, ethnicity, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, marital status, familial status, age, religion, expunged juvenile record, military or veteran status, physical or mental disability, and/or any other characteristic protected by law. This applies to decisions involving talent acquisition, hiring, job placement, transfer, promotion, compensation, benefits, training and company-sponsored programs. We believe that diversity is a competitive asset. We believe that diversity in our teams leads to new ideas, helps us solve problems and allows us to better connect with our global customer base. 
 
 We have taken specific actions to continue to foster DEI in our culture, including transparency that we believe will lead to greater inclusion and innovation. Actions we have taken to promote DEI include the adoption of the Digimarc Methodology for organizational health, all-employee meetings, employee resource groups, flexible work policies, diverse recruiting partners and fireside chats with our Chief Executive Officer. Additionally, we have implemented learning resources, like unconscious bias in interviewing, DEI training and workplace harassment training to support the acquisition of the skills and behaviors expected from our employees. Digimarc provides reasonable accommodation for qualified individuals with disabilities, for employee s religious practices or needs, and for pregnancy-related needs. 
 
 In 2021, we identified DEI specifically, and human capital management more broadly, as one of our most material ESG impacts under the People pillar of our ESG Framework. To further structure our approach to DEI, we assigned accountability and responsibility for this topic at various levels of our Human Resources organization, in line with our integrated ESG approach. Our Board of Directors also plays an important role in our DEI efforts. The Governance, Nominating, and Sustainability Committee oversees the Company s ESG efforts and works closely with the Compensation and Talent Management Committee which oversees human capital management and DEI programs. 
 
 Compensation and Benefits 
 
 Our compensation program is designed to support, reinforce, and align our values, DEI initiatives, business strategy, and operational and financial goals of profitable growth and appreciation of our company s value in the public equity markets. 
 
 Digimarc s compensation program is designed to pay all our employees fairly for their performance and contributions. We do this by balancing a wide variety of important internal and external factors aligned to our company culture and values. Compensation and benefits are reviewed against the market annually, at a minimum. 
 
 We strive to provide a base salary and restricted stock units that are competitive with the market and compensate above market for outstanding performance. The Company uses restricted stock units to incentivize employees that contribute to the strategic goals of the company and drive company value. Performance stock units are used with our executive management team and are awarded based upon delivering established financial and strategic goals. Equity incentive compensation promotes a sense of ownership and reinforces our philosophy that all employees are valued shareholders in the long-term success of the business. In alignment with our company culture, we strive to communicate openly about the objectives of the company and the design of the compensation program. The compensation process is intended to be fair so that all employees and managers understand the goals and the outcomes of the process. 

4

Table of Contents 

Digimarc recognizes a fair compensation program is a key component of diversity, equity, and inclusion. We are committed to administering the compensation program in a manner that is transparent, consistent, and free of discrimination. We post salary ranges for new positions and do not ask for the previous salary history of our candidates. We promote internal mobility and commit to transparency in how we level and promote our employees. 
 
 At Digimarc, we believe that employees require time to balance the many needs of their life, both at work and outside of work. Our policies for Paid Time Off PTO are designed to provide employees with time off for vacation, sick days, or other personal reasons. Full time employees at the exempt level in the U.S. are eligible for the Self-Managed PTO program. Non-exempt and part-time U.S. employees are eligible for the Granted PTO program. Under the Self-Managed PTO program, exempt employees are not subject to a specific limit on the amount of time off. 
 
 We support our communities by providing focused outreach and support through our community outreach matching program, which matches donations made by our employees to their charities of choice. 
 
 Learning and Development 
 
 We invest resources to develop the talent needed to remain at the forefront of innovation. We have a performance management system to support continuous learning and development. Through frequent anonymous surveys, employees can voice their perceptions of the Company and their work experience, including learning and development opportunities. We have strong participation in our surveys and engage our managers to respond to areas that employees have identified as needing improvement or given low scores. 
 
 We support training and development programs for our employees through tuition reimbursement, online training programs such as Digimarc University, LinkedIn Learning, conferences, seminars, on-the-job training, and skill certifications. We also encourage and foster onsite training programs and mentoring. 
 
 Health, Safety and Wellness 
 
 We are committed to a safe and drug-free workplace. We continually invest in programs designed to improve physical, mental, and social well-being. We provide access to a variety of innovative, flexible, and convenient health and wellness programs, for our employees and their families. We offer a wellness program through Regence Empower that currently has a 45 participation rate, which is an increase of 10 over the prior year. 
 
 Governance and Oversight 
 
 The executive management team is entrusted with developing and advancing our key human capital strategy, which is reviewed with the Board of Directors. The Chief People Officer is charged with developing and stewarding this strategy on a company-wide basis. This incorporates a broad range of dimensions, including culture, values, labor and employee relations, leadership capabilities, performance management and total rewards. DEI are key to successfully achieving business and organizational objectives. Key processes include ongoing performance and development feedback, diversity, equity and inclusion reviews, and periodic engagement surveys that are reviewed by management and the Board of Directors. All employees have access to resources on topics regarding integrity, our code of conduct, diversity, compliance, and workplace harassment. Employees are encouraged to address any concerns through multiple channels, including anonymously whenever possible, without fear of retaliation or retribution. 
 
 Available Information 
 
 We make available free of charge through our website at http://www.digimarc.com/about/investors our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to these and other reports filed or furnished by us pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as soon as reasonably practicable after we file these materials with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). 
 
 ITEM 1A: RISK FACTORS 
 
 Our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may be affected by a number of factors. The following risk factors identify risks of which we are aware and that we consider to be material to our business. If any of the following risks and uncertainties develops into actual events, our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows could be materially adversely affected. In that case, the trading price of our common stock could decline. 
 
 RISKS RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS 
 
 (1) As a purveyor of disruptive technology, if our partners and potential customers defer or delay adopting and implementing our technology, or if competitors or other market participants successfully engage in campaigns to discredit our technology, our revenues will be negatively affected. 
 
 While the Company s business in the government market remains relatively strong and predictable, our primary source of revenue growth the commercial market is subject to the market forces and adoption curves common to other disruptive technologies. The commercial market is in its early stages of development. If widespread adoption of Digimarc technology in the commercial market takes longer than anticipated, we will continue to experience operating losses. 
 
 We expect companies marketing competing technologies to compete vigorously in the marketplace, and to seek to preserve their market share. To the extent these companies succeed in defending their market position, our ability to achieve profitable operations will be impeded. 
 
 With respect to anticipated sales growth and prospects for the commercial market, our two major avenues for revenue generation are direct sales and partners. Our growing direct sales force is relatively new. Most of our partners are relatively new to our products. Thus, the anticipated sources of revenue growth for the commercial market are unproven. We are executing strategies intended to make each of these means of revenue generation more effective, but we provide no assurance that we will execute these strategies successfully. 

5

Table of Contents 

(2) Our future growth will depend to a material extent on the successful advocacy of our technology by our partners to their members and customers, and implementation of our technology in solutions propagated by our partners and provided by third parties. 
 
 Our business has long relied on the success of business partners. Our continuing success is largely dependent on a new generation of business partners supporting Digimarc technology in the commercial market. We have entered into agreements with numerous partners to propagate and support our technology, including brand deployment and pre-media service providers and consumer packaging solutions companies, all of which offer Digimarc digital watermarking services to consumer brands companies. We have also entered into agreements with numerous scanner manufacturers to enable their devices to read Digimarc watermarks. We provide no assurance that these collaborations will successfully generate revenue for our business. 
 
 If our partners are not successful in advocating and deploying our technology, we may not be able to achieve and sustain profitable operations. If other business partners who include our technology in their products cease to do so, or we fail to successfully collaborate with third parties or to obtain other partners who will do so, or these partners are unsuccessful in their efforts, expanding deployment of our technology will be adversely affected. Consequently, our ability to increase revenue could be adversely affected, and we may suffer other adverse effects to our business. In addition, if our technology does not perform according to market expectations, our future sales would suffer as customers employ alternative technologies. 
 
 (3) If leading companies in the consumer brands industries downplay, minimize or reject the use of our technology, our product deployment may be slowed, and we may be unable to achieve profitable operations. 
 
 Our business endeavors in the commercial market may be impeded or frustrated by larger, more influential companies downplaying, minimizing or rejecting the value or use of our technology. A negative position by such companies could result in obstacles for us that we would be incapable of overcoming and may block or impede the adoption of our technology. Such a development would make the achievement of our business objectives in this market difficult or impossible. 
 
 (4) We are subject to risks encountered by companies developing and relying upon new technologies, products, and services to achieve and sustain profitable operations. 
 
 Our business and prospects must be considered in light of the risks and uncertainties to which companies with new and rapidly evolving technology, products, and services are exposed. These risks include the following: 

we may be unable to develop sources of new revenue or sustainable growth in revenue because our current and anticipated technologies, products, and services may be inadequate or may be unable to attract or retain customers; 

intense competition from existing and new technologies and providers and rapid technological change could adversely affect the market s acceptance of our products and services; and 

we may be unable to develop and maintain new technologies upon which our products and services are dependent, which may cause our products and services to be less sustainable and competitive or which could make it harder for us to expand our revenue and business. 

(5) A significant portion of our current and potential future revenue is subject to commercial and government contracts and the development of new markets that may involve unpredictable delays and other unexpected changes. Such volatility and uncertainty might limit our actual revenue in any given quarter or year. 
 
 We derive a significant portion of our revenue from contracts tied to development schedules or development of new markets, which could shift for months, quarters, or years as the needs of our customers and the markets in which they participate change. Government agencies and commercial customers also face budget pressures that introduce added uncertainty. Any shift in development schedules, the markets in which we or our partners participate, or customer procurement processes, which are outside our control and may not be predictable, could result in delays in revenues forecasted for any particular period, could affect the predictability of our quarterly and annual results, and might limit our actual revenue recognized in any given quarter or year, resulting in reduced and less predictable revenue, adversely affecting profitability. 
 
 We are expanding into new markets, which involve inherent risk and unpredictability. With our acquisition of EVRYTHNG and its Product Cloud offering, we are expanding into applications of the product cloud in conjunction with Digimarc watermarks and other data carriers. As we seek to expand outside our areas of historical expertise, we lack the history and insight that benefited us in fields conventionally using digital watermarking. Although we have extensive experience in the commercial application of digital watermarking, we are investing in but may not be as well-positioned for these other opportunities. Accordingly, it may be difficult for us to achieve success in other technologies we might pursue. 
 
 (6) A small number of customers account for a substantial portion of our revenue, and the loss of any large contract could materially disrupt our business. 
 
 Historically, we have derived a significant portion of our revenue from a limited number of customers. Five customers represented approximately 72 of our revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Nearly half of our revenue came from our contract with the Central Banks in 2022. That contract was recently extended and now expires at the end of 2029. The customer contracts we enter into may contain termination for convenience provisions. If we were to lose any such contract for any reason, or if our relationship with these customers or the Central Banks were materially modified, our financial results would be adversely affected. 
 
 We expect to continue to depend upon a small number of customers for a significant portion of our revenue for the foreseeable future. The loss of, or decline in, orders or backlog from one or more major customers could reduce our revenue and have a material adverse effect on our financial results. 

6

Table of Contents 

(7) The market for our products is highly competitive, and alternative technologies or larger companies that compete with us may be more successful than us in gaining market share, which would decrease our revenue and profits. 
 
 The markets in which we compete for business are intensely competitive and rapidly evolving. We expect competition to continue from both existing competitors and new market entrants. We face competition from other companies and from alternative technologies, including some of our customers, partners, and licensees. We also may face competition from unexpected sources. 
 
 Alternative technologies that may directly or indirectly compete with our products include: 

Traditional anti-counterfeiting technologies a number of solutions used by many government agencies (that compete for budgetary outlays) designed to deter counterfeiting, including optically sensitive ink, magnetic threads and other materials used in the printing of currencies; 

Object and image recognition (e.g., trained classifiers employing machine learning) one or several pre-specified or learned objects or object classes that can be recognized, usually together with their two-dimensional positions in the image or three-dimensional poses in the scene; 

Radio frequency tags embedding a chip that emits a signal when in close proximity with a receiver, used in some photo identification credentials, labels and tags; 

Digital fingerprints and signatures a metric, or metrics, computed solely from a source image or audio or video track, that can be used to identify an image or track, or authenticate the image or track; 

Internet of Things (IoT) and track-and-trace service providers; and 

Object sorting technologies such as chemical tracers, taggants, Near Infrared sorters, dot or matrix codes, including systems leveraging combinations of these methods and machine learning. 

In the competitive environments in which we operate, product generation, development and marketing processes relating to technology are uncertain and complex and require accurate prediction of demand as well as successful management of various risks inherent in technology development. In light of these uncertainties, it is possible that our failure to successfully accommodate future changes in technologies related to our technology could have a long-term negative effect on our growth and results of operations. 
 
 As we work to achieve market acceptance of our products and services, new developments are expected to continue, and discoveries by others, including current and potential competitors, could render our services and products uncompetitive. Moreover, because of rapid technological changes, we may be required to expend greater amounts of time and money than anticipated to develop new products and services, which in turn may require greater revenue streams from those products and services to cover developmental costs. Many of the companies that compete with us for some of our business, as well as other companies with whom we may compete in the future, are larger and may have stronger brand recognition and greater technical, financial, marketing, and political resources than we do. These attributes could enable these companies to have more success in the market than we have, either by providing better products or better pricing than we can provide. We may be unable to compete successfully against current or future participants in our market or against alternative technologies, and the competitive pressures we face may have a materially adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 
 (8) An increase in our operations outside of the U.S. subjects us to risks additional to those to which we are exposed in our domestic operations. 
 
 We believe that revenue from sales of products and services to commercial customers outside the U.S. could represent a growing percentage of our total revenue in the future. Digimarc technology is not bounded geographically, and we believe our technology will be deployed globally. As such, certain contracts may be made and performed, in whole or in part, outside of the United States. Additionally, with the acquisition of EVRYTHNG, our workforce expanded significantly into the United Kingdom and other European countries. 

International operations are subject to a number of risks that can adversely affect our sales of products and services to customers outside of the U.S., or expose us to additional expense or liabilities, including the following:

difficulties and costs of staffing, developing and managing foreign operations as a result of distance, language, and cultural differences; 

the effect of laws governing our business, employee, and contractor relationships, and the existence of workers councils and labor unions in some jurisdictions; 

changes in foreign government regulations and security requirements; 

export license requirements, tariffs, retaliatory trade measures, and domestic or foreign taxes; 

trade barriers; 

difficulty in protecting intellectual property; 

difficulty in collecting accounts receivable; 

currency fluctuations; and 

political and economic uncertainty or instability. 

7

Table of Contents 

If we fail to comply with the many international laws and regulations to which we may be subject, we may be subject to significant fines, penalties, or liabilities for noncompliance. These factors may result in greater risk of performance problems or of reduced profitability with respect to our international programs in these markets. In addition, if foreign customers, in particular foreign government authorities, terminate or delay the implementation of our products and services, it may be difficult for us, or we may not be able, to recover our potential losses. 
 
 (9) We depend on our key employees for our future success. If we are not able to retain, hire, or integrate these employees, we may not be able to meet our commitments. 
 
 Due to the high level of technical expertise that our industry requires, our ability to successfully develop, market, sell, license and support our products, services, and intellectual property depends to a significant degree upon the continued contributions of our key personnel in engineering, sales, marketing, operations, and legal, many of whom would be difficult to replace. We believe our future success will depend in large part upon our ability to retain our current key employees and our ability to attract, integrate, and retain new personnel in the future. It may not be practical for us to match the compensation some of our employees could be offered by other employers. In addition, we may encounter difficulties in hiring and retaining employees because of concerns related to our financial performance. These circumstances may have a negative effect on the market price of our common stock, and employees and prospective employees may factor in the uncertainties relating to our stability and the value of any equity-based incentives in their decisions regarding employment opportunities and decide to leave our employ or decline employment offers. Increasingly, prospective and current employees hold certain expectations of their employer related to DEI, community involvement, and other material ESG topics. Insufficient or slow progress on emerging ESG considerations may negatively affect our ability to attract, retain, and integrate key employees. Moreover, our business is based in large part on unique and sophisticated technology. New employees require substantial training, involving significant resources and management attention. Competition for experienced personnel in our business can be intense. If we do not succeed in attracting new, qualified personnel or in integrating, retaining, and motivating our current personnel, our growth and ability to deliver products and services that our customers require may be hampered. Although our employees generally have executed agreements containing non-competition clauses, these clauses are becoming increasingly disfavored by policymakers, and we do not assure you that a court would enforce all of the terms of these clauses or the agreements generally. If these clauses were not fully enforced, our employees could join our competitors. Although we generally attempt to control access to and distribution of our proprietary information by our employees, we do not assure you that the confidential nature of our proprietary information will be maintained in the course of such future employment. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. 
 
 (10) We may acquire or invest in other companies or technologies in the future, which could divert management s attention, result in additional dilution to our shareholders, increase expenses, disrupt our operations and harm our operating results. 
 
 We acquired EVRYTHNG in January 2022, and we may in the future acquire or invest in businesses, products or technologies that we believe could complement or expand our current product and service offerings, enhance our technical capabilities, expand our operations into new markets, or otherwise offer growth opportunities. The pursuit of potential acquisitions or other strategic transactions may divert the attention of management and cause us to incur various expenses related to identifying, investigating, and pursuing suitable acquisitions or strategic transactions, whether or not they are completed. 
 
 There are inherent risks in integrating and managing acquisitions. We may not be able to assimilate or integrate the acquired personnel, operations and technologies successfully or effectively manage the combined business following an acquisition. We also may not achieve the anticipated benefits from an acquired business due to a number of factors, including: 

unanticipated costs or liabilities associated with the acquisition; 

incurrence of acquisition-related costs; 

inability to generate sufficient revenue to offset acquisition or investment costs; 

the inability to maintain relationships with customers and partners of the acquired business; 

the need to implement additional controls, procedures and policies; 

entry into geographic markets in which we have little or no prior experience, and challenges caused by distance, language, and cultural differences; 

differences in foreign labor and employment laws, including classification of employees and contractors; 

disruption of our ongoing business; 

the potential loss of key employees; and 

use of substantial portions of our available cash to complete the acquisition. 

Acquisitions could also result in dilutive issuances of equity securities or the incurrence of debt, which could adversely affect our financial position. In addition, if an acquired business fails to meet our expectations, our operating results and business and financial condition may suffer. 
 
 (11) If our revenue models and pricing structures relating to products and services that are under development do not gain market acceptance, the products and services may fail to attract or retain customers and we may not be able to generate new revenue or sustain existing revenue. 
 
 Our revenues result from a combination of subscriptions for software products and software development services. We have not fully developed our revenue models for some applications in the commercial market. Because some of our products and services are not yet well-established in the marketplace, and because some of these products and services will not directly displace existing solutions, we cannot be certain that the pricing structure for these products and services will gain market acceptance or be sustainable over time, or that the marketing for these products and services will be effective. 

8

Table of Contents 

(12) An unfavorable assessment of digital watermarking technology by members of the HolyGrail 2.0 initiative could discourage adoption of our technology. 
 
 In September 2020, AIM European Brands Association, in conjunction with over 85 companies and organizations including many of Europe s largest consumer brands companies, launched the HolyGrail 2.0 initiative. The purpose of the initiative is to assess whether digital watermarking technology can improve waste sorting and recycling rates for product packaging in the European Union. Digimarc is a technology provider for this ongoing assessment. 
 
 An unfavorable assessment of digital watermarking technology generally, or of Digimarc s digital watermarking technology particularly, could cause its members to consider alternative technologies. This outcome could dissuade HolyGrail 2.0 members and others following its lead from adopting digital watermarking technology for sortation and recycling. This in turn could have a materially adverse effect on our ability to grow adoption of our technology. 
 
 (13) The technological viability and economic attractiveness of competing technologies could cause the consumer-packaged goods industry and related industries to adopt a technology other than digital watermarking to support its waste sortation and recycling initiatives. 
 
 We have identified two technologies that could be perceived by industry participants to out-perform or be available on more economically favorable terms than Digimarc s digital watermarking technology for waste sortation and recycling: chemical tracers and artificial intelligence. Industry leaders in a position to influence the industry at large could determine that chemical tracers or artificial intelligence represent a more technologically viable or economically attractive solution, including due to the greater number of potential suppliers, which in turn could increase pricing competition and lower barriers to entry. Such a determination could result in the devaluation of digital watermarking technology s ability to support the product packaging lifecycle and negatively affect our revenue growth prospects. 
 
 (14) COVID-19 Pandemic 
 
 The continuation of the coronavirus 2019 COVID-19 pandemic around the world, and particularly in the United States and Europe, presents significant risks to the Company, not all of which we are able to fully evaluate or foresee. Some of the effects that could directly or indirectly result from the COVID-19 pandemic include, without limitation, possible impacts on the health of the Company s management and employees, impairment of the Company s administrative, research, and development operations, disruption in supplier and customer relationships, changes in demand for our technology and services, and the collectability of accounts receivable. Some of our projects with commercial customers and partners have been delayed as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, thereby potentially affecting our ability to fund our business through near-term revenue growth. The scope and nature of these impacts, most of which are beyond our control, continue to evolve and the outcomes remain uncertain. 
 
 These short-term effects may change over the long-term depending on the duration and severity of the COVID-19 pandemic, the length of time before normal economic and operating conditions resume, the additional governmental actions that may be taken, the extensions of social restrictions that have been imposed to date, and many other factors that can vary materially by geography. Due to the above circumstances, the Company s results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022, are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for subsequent years. 

9

Table of Contents 

RISKS RELATED TO INFORMATION SECURITY 
 
 (15) The security systems used in our business and our product and service offerings may be circumvented or sabotaged by third parties, which could result in the disclosure of sensitive information or private personal information or cause other business interruptions that could damage our reputation and disrupt our business. 
 
 Our business relies on computers and other information technologies, both internal and external. The protective measures that we use may not prevent all security breaches, and failure to prevent security breaches may disrupt our business, damage our reputation, and expose us to litigation and liability. A party who circumvents our security measures could misappropriate sensitive or proprietary information or materials or cause interruptions or otherwise damage our products, services, and reputation, and the property of our customers. If unintended parties obtain sensitive data and information or create bugs or viruses or otherwise sabotage the functionality of our systems, we may receive negative publicity, incur liability to our customers, or lose the confidence of our customers, any of which may cause the termination or modification of our contracts. Further, our insurance coverage may be insufficient to cover losses and liabilities that may result from these events. 
 
 In addition, we may be required to expend significant capital and other resources to protect ourselves against the threat of security breaches or to alleviate problems caused by these breaches. Any protection or remedial measures may not be available at a reasonable price or at all or may not be entirely effective if commenced. 
 
 (16) We may experience outages and disruptions of our infrastructure that may harm our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We may be subject to outages or disruptions of our infrastructure, including information technology system failures and network disruptions. We use third-party cloud service providers, which are also susceptible to outages and disruptions. System redundancy may be ineffective or inadequate, and our disaster recovery planning may not be sufficient for all eventualities. 
 
 (17) Data breaches and cyber-attacks or cyber-fraud could compromise our intellectual property or other sensitive information or result in losses. 
 
 We maintain sensitive data on our networks and the networks of our business partners and third-party providers, including proprietary and confidential information relating to our intellectual property, personnel, and business, and that of our customers and third-party providers. Companies have been increasingly subject to a wide variety of security incidents, cyber-attacks, hacking, phishing, and other attempts to gain unauthorized access or engage in fraudulent behavior. Our policies and security measures cannot guarantee security, and our information technology infrastructure, including our networks and systems, may be vulnerable to data breaches, cyber-attacks, or fraud. Third parties may attempt to penetrate or infect our network and systems with malicious software and phishing attacks in an effort to gain access to our network and systems. We may be subject to the risk of third parties falsifying invoices and similar fraud, frequently by obtaining unauthorized access to our vendors and business partners networks. 
 
 In some circumstances, we may partner with third-party providers and provide them with sensitive data. If these third parties fail to adopt or adhere to adequate data security practices, or in the event of a breach of their networks, this sensitive data may be improperly accessed, used, or disclosed. These data breaches and any unauthorized access or disclosure of sensitive data could compromise our intellectual property, expose sensitive business information, and subject us to liability. 
 
 The increase in cyber-attacks has resulted in an increased focus on cybersecurity by various government agencies. Cyber-attacks or any investigation or enforcement action related to cybersecurity could cause us to incur significant remediation costs, disrupt key business operations, and divert attention of management and key information technology resources. We may incur losses as a result of cyber-fraud, such as making unauthorized payments, irrespective of robust internal controls. Our reputation and business could be harmed, and we could be subject to third-party claims in the event of such a security breach. 
 
 RISKS RELATED TO FINANCIAL REPORTING 
 
 (18) Changes to financial accounting standards may affect our results of operations and could cause us to change our business practices. 
 
 We prepare our consolidated financial statements to conform to generally accepted accounting principles in the United States U.S. GAAP ). These accounting principles are subject to interpretation by the Securities and Exchange Commission and various bodies formed to interpret and create accounting rules and regulations. Changes in these rules, or guidance relating to interpretation and adoption of these rules, could have a significant effect on our financial results and could affect portions of our business differently. 

(19) We were not profitable in 2022 or 2021 and may not be able to become profitable in the future, particularly if we were to lose large contracts or fail in our new market development initiatives. Sustained lack of profitability could cause us to incur asset impairment charges for long-lived assets or record valuation allowances against our deferred tax assets. 
 
 We incurred net losses in 2022 and 2021 largely due to increased levels of investments in our business to support product development and sales growth initiatives. 
 
 Becoming profitable in the future will depend upon a variety of factors, including our ability to maintain and obtain more significant partnerships like we have with the Central Banks and Walmart, and to acquire new commercial customers. Profitability will also depend on our efficiency in executing our business strategy and capitalizing on new opportunities. Various adverse developments, including the loss of large contracts or cost overruns on our existing contracts, could adversely affect our revenue, margins, and profitability. 

10

Table of Contents 

If we continue to incur operating losses, an impairment to the carrying value of our long-lived assets, including goodwill, acquired intangible assets, patent assets and property and equipment could result. We test for impairment of our long-lived assets when a triggering event occurs that would indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. Our methodology for assessing impairment may require management to make judgments and assumptions regarding future cash flows. Our projections of future cash flows are largely based on historical experience, and these projections may not be achieved. Changes to these financial projections used in our impairment analysis could lead to an impairment of all or a portion of our long-lived assets. Any such impairment charge could adversely affect our results of operations and our stock price. We evaluated our long-lived assets for impairment as of December 31, 2022, and 2021 and concluded there was no impairment for either period. We do not guarantee, however, that our long-lived assets will not become impaired in the future. 
 
 We record valuation allowances on our deferred tax assets if, based on available evidence, it is more-likely-than-not that all or some portion of the value of the assets will not be realized. The determination of whether our deferred tax assets are realizable requires management to identify and weigh all available positive and negative evidence. Management considers recent financial performance, projected future taxable income, scheduled reversals of deferred tax liabilities, tax planning strategies and other evidence in assessing the realizability of our deferred tax assets. Adjustments to our deferred tax assets could adversely affect our results of operations and our stock price. In 2014, we recorded a full valuation allowance against our deferred tax assets largely due to the cumulative loss we had incurred over the previous three years, which is considered a significant piece of negative evidence in assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets. As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, we determined a valuation allowance was still appropriate given continued losses. We will not record tax benefits on any future losses until it is determined that those tax benefits will be realized. 
 
 (20) We may be adversely affected by variability of contracted arrangements. 
 
 We periodically agree to modify the terms of contractual arrangements with our customers, partners and licensees in response to changes in circumstances underlying the original contractual arrangements, and it is likely that we will do so in the future. As a result of this practice, the terms of our contractual arrangements with our customers, partners, and licensees may vary over time and, depending on the particular modification, could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. 
 
 RISKS RELATED TO INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY AND LEGAL 
 
 (21) (a) We may not be able to adequately secure patent or other protection for our technologies. 
 
 Our business depends in part on securing protection for our proprietary technology. To protect our intellectual property portfolio, we rely on a combination of patent, copyright, trademark and trade secret rights, confidentiality procedures, and licensing arrangements. Although we regularly apply for patents to protect our intellectual property, there is no guarantee that we will secure patent protection for any particular technology we develop. 
 
 Changes in the U.S. and foreign patent laws, or in the interpretation of existing laws, may adversely affect our ability to secure or enforce patents. For example, the U.S. Supreme Court issued a decision in 2014 limiting patent eligibility of computer implemented inventions. The Leahy-Smith America Invents Act of 2011 (the America Invents Act also codifies several changes to the U.S. patent laws, including the creation of a post-grant inter partes review process to challenge patents after they have issued. The America Invents Act allows third parties to petition the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office or comparable government authorities in other jurisdictions to review and reconsider the patentability of any of our inventions claimed in our issued patents. Any such proceeding may result in one or more of our patent claims becoming limited or being invalidated altogether. Additionally, certain foreign jurisdictions may not recognize or enforce our patents in those jurisdictions. A limitation or invalidation of our patent claims could adversely affect our financial position and our operating results. 
 
 Patents have finite lives, and our ability to continue to rely on our patents as a barrier to entry is limited to the term of the patents. Our earliest patents began expiring in July 2012, and the patents in our portfolio expire at various times between 2023 and 2040. The size and strength of our portfolio depends on the number of patents that have been granted, offset by the number of patents that expire, in any given year. 
 
 As part of our confidentiality procedures, we generally enter into non-disclosure agreements with our employees, directors, consultants, and corporate partners, and attempt to control access to and distribution of our technology, solutions, documentation, and other proprietary information. Despite these procedures, third parties could copy or otherwise obtain and make unauthorized use of our technology, solutions or other proprietary information or independently develop similar technologies, solutions, or information. The steps that we have taken to prevent misappropriation of our solutions, technology or other proprietary information may not succeed. 
 
 We do not assure you that the protection of our proprietary rights will be adequate or that our competitors will not independently develop similar technologies, duplicate our services, or design around any of our patents. 
 
 (b) We may be subject to infringement claims and other litigation, which could adversely affect our business. 
 
 As more companies engage in business activities relating to digital watermarking and IoT services, and develop corresponding intellectual property rights, it is increasingly likely that claims may arise which assert that some of our products or services infringe other parties intellectual property rights. These claims could subject us to costly litigation and divert management resources. These claims may require us to pay significant damages, cease production of infringing products, terminate our use of infringing technology, or develop non-infringing alternative technologies. In these circumstances, continued use of our technology may require that we acquire licenses to the intellectual property that is the subject of the alleged infringement, and we might not be able to obtain these licenses on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Our use of protected technology may result in liability that threatens our continuing operation. 
 
 Some of our contracts include indemnity and similar provisions regarding our non-infringement of third-party intellectual property rights. As deployment of our technology increases, and more companies enter our markets, the likelihood of a third-party lawsuit resulting from these provisions increases. If an infringement arose in a context governed by such a contract, we may have to expend significant sums to defend our customer, refund to our customer amounts already paid to us, pay significant damages, or cease distributing our allegedly infringing products entirely. 

11

Table of Contents 

(22) We are periodically involved in litigation in the ordinary course of business, and an adverse resolution of such litigation may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 
 From time to time, in our normal course of business, we are a party to various legal claims, actions and complaints. Given the uncertain nature of litigation, we are not able to estimate the amount or range of gain or loss that could result from an outcome of litigation. Litigation can be expensive, lengthy, and disruptive to normal business operations. The results of complex legal proceedings are often uncertain and difficult to predict. We could incur costs in excess of any established accruals and, to the extent available, excess liability insurance. An unfavorable outcome in any legal proceedings could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 
 (23) The terms and conditions of our contracts could subject us to damages, losses and other expenses if we fail to meet delivery and performance requirements. 
 
 Our service contracts typically include provisions imposing: 

development and delivery schedules; 

customer acceptance and testing requirements; and 

other performance requirements. 

To the extent these provisions involve performance over extended periods of time, risks of noncompliance may increase. From time to time, we have experienced delays in system implementation, timely acceptance of deliverables, concerns regarding deliverable performance, and other contractual disputes. If we fail to meet contractual performance requirements as promised, or to successfully resolve customer disputes, we could incur liability for damages, as well as increased costs, lower margins, or compensatory obligations in addition to other losses, such as harm to our reputation. Any unexpected increases in costs to meet our contractual obligations or any other requirements necessary to address claims and damages with regard to our customer contracts could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. 
 
 RISKS RELATED TO OUR CAPITAL STOCK 
 
 (24) Our corporate governance documents and Oregon law may delay or prevent an acquisition of us that shareholders may consider favorable, which could decrease the value of your shares. 
 
 Our articles of incorporation, bylaws and Oregon law contain provisions that could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us without the consent of our Board of Directors. These provisions include supermajority voting requirements for shareholders to amend our organizational documents and limitations on actions by our shareholders by written consent. In addition, our Board of Directors has the right to issue preferred stock without shareholder approval, which could be used to dilute the stock ownership of a potential hostile acquirer. Oregon law restricts the ability to vote shares of stock acquired in a transaction that causes the acquiring person to control at least one-fifth, one-third or one-half of the votes entitled to be cast in the election of directors (a control share acquisition ). Shares acquired in a control share acquisition have no voting rights except as authorized by a vote of the shareholders. Although we believe these provisions protect our shareholders from coercive or otherwise unfair takeover tactics and thereby provide for an opportunity to receive a higher bid by requiring potential acquirers to negotiate with our Board of Directors, these provisions apply even if the offer may be considered beneficial by some shareholders. 

(25) Our common stock price may be volatile, and you could lose all or part of your investment in shares of our common stock. 
 
 The price of shares of our common stock may fluctuate as a result of changes in our operating performance or prospects and other factors. Some specific factors that may have a significant effect on the price of shares of our common stock include: 

the public s reaction to our public disclosures; 

actual or anticipated changes in our operating results or future prospects; 

strategic actions by us or our competitors, such as acquisitions or restructurings; 

impact of acquisitions on our liquidity and financial performance; 

new laws or regulations or new interpretations of existing laws or regulations applicable to our business; 

changes in accounting standards, policies, guidance, interpretations or principles applicable to us; 

conditions of the industry as a result of changes in financial markets or general economic or political conditions; 

the failure of securities analysts to cover our common stock in the future, or changes in financial estimates by analysts; 

changes in analyst recommendations or earnings estimates regarding us, other comparable companies or the industry generally, and our ability to meet those estimates; 

changes in the amount of dividends paid, if any; 

changes in our financing strategy or capital structure; 

future issuances of our common stock or the perception that future sales could occur; and 

volatility in the equity securities market. 

12

Table of Contents 

GENERAL RISK FACTORS 
 
 (26) If we are unable to respond to regulatory or industry standards effectively, or if we are unable to develop and integrate new technologies effectively, our growth and the development of our products and services could be delayed or limited. 
 
 Our future success will depend in part on our ability to enhance and improve the responsiveness, functionality, and features of our products and services, and those of our business partners, in accordance with regulatory or industry standards. Our ability to remain competitive will depend in part on our ability to comply with emerging industry and governmental standards in a timely and cost-effective manner. If we are unable to meet these standards effectively, our growth and the development of various products and services could be delayed or limited. 
 
 (27) We may need to hire additional employees or contract labor in the future in order to take advantage of new business opportunities arising from increased demand, which could increase costs and impede our ability to achieve or sustain profitability in the short term. 
 
 We have staffed our company with the intent of accelerating our product development and sales growth initiatives while also focusing on achieving and sustaining profitability. Our current staffing levels could affect our ability to respond to increased demand for our services. In addition, to meet any increased demand and take advantage of new business opportunities in the future, we may need to increase our workforce through additional employees or contract labor. Although we believe that increasing our workforce would potentially support anticipated growth and profitability, it would increase our costs. If we experience such an increase in costs, we may not succeed in achieving or sustaining profitability in the short term. 
 
 (28) Products deploying our technology could have unknown defects or errors, which may give rise to claims against us, divert application of our resources from other purposes or increase our project implementation and support costs. 
 
 Products and services as complex as ours may contain undetected defects or errors. Furthermore, we often provide complex implementation, integration, customization, consulting, and other technical services in connection with the implementation and ongoing maintenance of our products. Despite testing, defects or errors in our products and services may occur, which could result in delays in the development and implementation of products and systems, inability to meet customer requirements or expectations in a timely manner, loss of revenue or market share, increased implementation and support costs, failure to achieve market acceptance, diversion of development resources, injury to our reputation, increased insurance costs, increased service and warranty costs, and warranty or breach of contract claims. Although we attempt to reduce the risk of losses resulting from warranty or breach of contract claims through warranty disclaimers and liability limitation clauses in our agreements when we can, these contractual provisions are sometimes rejected or limited and may not be enforceable in every instance. If a court refuses to enforce the liability limiting provisions of our contracts for any reason, or if liabilities arise that were not contractually limited or adequately covered by insurance, the expense associated with defending these actions or paying the resultant claims could be significant. 

13

Table of Contents 

ITEM 1B: UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 2: PROPERTIES 
 
 In February 2022, we entered into a sublease agreement and lease extension agreement on a new facility in Beaverton, Oregon in order to move our principal corporate offices. The new facility is approximately 65,500 square feet in size. The term of the sublease and lease extension runs through September 2030. The remaining rent payments as of December 31, 2022 were 8.8 million plus operating expenses, payable in monthly installments. The first 26 months of rent payments and operating expenses are abated to cover the remaining term of our existing corporate office lease. 
 
 We continue to lease our former principal corporate office space, which is approximately 47,000 square feet in size and also located in Beaverton, Oregon. In July 2015, we entered into an amendment with the landlord of this office space to extend the lease term through March 2024. The remaining rent payments as of December 31, 2022 were 1.1 million plus operating expenses, payable in monthly installments. 
 
 We continue to lease office space in London, England under an existing lease entered into by EVRYTHNG in July 2019. The term of the lease runs through July 2023. The remaining rent payments as of December 31, 2022 were 0.1 million plus operating expenses, payable in quarterly installments. 
 
 We believe that our existing facilities are suitable and adequate for our current and foreseeable future needs. The new corporate office space will provide more collaborative working space and additional room for growth. We are marketing our previous corporate office space for sublease. See Note 12 of our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further lease-related disclosures. 
 
 ITEM 3: LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 We are subject from time to time to legal proceedings and claims arising in the ordinary course of business. At this time, we do not believe that the resolution of any such matters will have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 
 ITEM 4: MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 Not applicable. 

14

Table of Contents 

PART II 
 
 ITEM 5: MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 Our common stock began trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC in October 2008 under the symbol DMRC. 
 
 At February 23, 2023, we had 289 shareholders of record of our common stock, as shown in the records of our transfer agent. Since many holders hold shares in street name, we believe that there is a significantly larger number of beneficial owners of our common stock than the number of record holders. 
 
 We withhold (purchase) shares of common stock in connection with stock option exercises and the vesting of restricted shares, restricted stock units and performance restricted stock units, to satisfy required tax withholding obligations. 
 
 The following table sets forth information regarding purchases of our equity securities during the three-month period ended December 31, 2022: 

(d) 

(c) 

Approximate 

Total number 

dollar value 

of shares 

of shares that 

(a) 

(b) 

purchased as 

may yet be 

Total number 

Average price 

part of publicly 

purchased 

of shares 

paid per 

announced plans 

under the plans 

Period 
 
 purchased (1) 

share (1) 

or programs 

or programs 

Month 1 

October 1, 2022 to October 31, 2022 

Month 2 

November 1, 2022 to November 30, 2022 

18,973 

24.08 

Month 3 

December 1, 2022 to December 31, 2022 

169 

18.27 

Total 

19,142 

24.03 

(1) 
 Stock option shares and fully vested shares of common stock withheld (purchased) by us in satisfaction of required withholding tax liability upon stock option exercise, and vesting of restricted stock, restricted stock units and performance restricted stock units. 

15

Table of Contents 

ITEM 7: MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 The following Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations contains forward-looking statements relating to future events or the future financial performance of Digimarc, which involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements. Please see the discussion regarding forward-looking statements included at the end of this discussion, under the caption Forward-Looking Statements, and Item 1A, Risk Factors for a discussion of some of the uncertainties, risks and assumptions associated with these statements. 
 
 The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the related notes and other financial information appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 All dollar amounts are in thousands except per share amounts or unless otherwise noted. The percentages within the tables included in this section may not sum to 100 due to rounding. 
 
 Overview 
 
 Digimarc Corporation is a global leader in product digitization, delivering business value across industries through unique identities and cloud-based solutions. Our technology highlights a product s journey to provide greater visibility into all relevant product data, allowing companies to make more intelligent business decisions. 
 
 The Digimarc Illuminate Platform is a distinctive software as a service that combines Digimarc s digital watermarks and/or Quick Response QR codes with product cloud technologies. By digitizing products using our unique digital watermarks, QR codes, and/or other digital tags, products can connect with the web and interact with consumers and digital devices. Interactions are powered by our product cloud, where we provide data and instructions based on context, and which captures a record of every interaction. 
 
 The Digimarc product suite is built on top of the Digimarc Illuminate Platform to address specific business needs. All our products are complementary to each other, providing exponential benefits when combined. By enabling customers to create digital identities for physical and digital media objects, Digimarc s technologies provide many benefits, including: 

Digimarc Validate protects product authenticity to ensure real products are in the right place. Our technology delivers exclusive, covert digital watermarks and/or QR codes and a cloud-based record of product authentication information. In addition, consumer engagement capabilities provide a direct, digital communications channel with consumers. 

Digimarc Engage unlocks an interactive communications channel connecting brands and consumers. Our technology activates products and media through on-package QR codes, enabling consumers to scan for more information. Combined with cloud-based rules, brands can deliver contextually relevant content based on time, location, and more. 

Digimarc Recycle increases the recyclability of products and packaging through unique digital watermarks. Our technology activates products and packaging with unique digital watermarks to improve accuracy and performance in recycling facilities. In addition, consumer engagement capabilities deliver a direct, digital communications channel with consumers, and a cloud-based record of recycling information provides new insights. 

Digimarc has also maintained a relationship with a consortium of central banks (the Central Banks for over 24 years, providing trusted technology to help deter digital counterfeiting of currency. The relationship was the first commercially successful large-scale use of our technologies and protects billions of banknotes in circulation globally. 
 
 Our intellectual property contains many innovations in digital watermarking, content and object recognition, product authentication, and related fields. To protect our inventions, we have implemented an extensive intellectual property protection program that relies on a combination of patent, copyright, trademark and trade secret laws, and nondisclosure agreements and other contracts. We seek patent protection for our inventions to differentiate our products and technologies, mitigate infringement risks, and develop opportunities for licensing. Our broad patent portfolio covers a wide range of methods, applications, system architectures and processes. As a result, we believe we have one of the world s most extensive patent portfolios in digital watermarking and related fields, with approximately 950 U.S. and foreign patents granted and applications pending as of December 31, 2022. The patents in our portfolio each have a life of approximately 20 years from the patent s effective filing date. 
 
 On January 3, 2022, we completed the acquisition of EVRYTHNG. The EVRYTHNG Product Cloud allows the combined company to now offer a complete automatic identification solution to existing and prospective customers. The aggregate initial consideration for the acquisition was 772 thousand shares of common stock of the Company and warrants to purchase 231 thousand shares of common stock of the Company at the closing. We also paid 4.0 million of closing costs on behalf of the EVRYTHNG sellers. In August 2022, we issued an additional 22 thousand shares of common stock of the Company to EVRYTHNG sellers as a post-closing adjustment to the initial consideration, consisting primarily of shares that were previously held back for such adjustments. In January 2023, we issued an additional 10 thousand shares of common stock of the Company to EVRYTHNG sellers for shares previously held back to cover any indemnification obligations identified by the Company post-acquisition. The financial results of EVRYTHNG are consolidated with Digimarc s financial results for the post-acquisition period. 
 
 COVID-19 Pandemic 
 
 The coronavirus 2019 COVID-19 pandemic continues to pose significant risks to our business. The ongoing public health actions attempting to reduce the spread of COVID-19 created and may continue to create significant disruptions to consumer demand, customer and supplier relationships, sales and support processes, and general economic conditions. Accordingly, our management continuously evaluates our business operations, communicates with and monitors the actions of our customers and partners, and reviews our near-term financial performance as we manage the Company through the uncertainty related to the COVID-19 pandemic. Some of our projects with commercial customers and partners have been delayed as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. Delays in these projects have affected the timing of closing new business. 

16

Table of Contents 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 
 The preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. U.S. GAAP requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. On an on-going basis, we evaluate our estimates, including those related to bad debts, contingencies, goodwill, income taxes, intangible assets, marketable securities, property and equipment and revenue recognition. We base our estimates on historical experience and on other assumptions we believe to be reasonable in the circumstances. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 
 
 Some of our accounting policies require higher degrees of judgment than others in their application. We believe the following critical accounting policies affect our more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Business Combinations: 
 
 We allocate purchase price consideration to the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair values. The purchase price is determined based on the fair value of the assets transferred, liabilities assumed and equity interests issued, after considering any transactions that are separate from the business combination. The fair value of equity issued as part of a business combination is determined based on the closing price of our stock on the date the acquisition closed. The excess of fair value of purchase price consideration over the fair values of the identifiable assets and liabilities is recorded as goodwill. Such fair value calculations require us to make significant estimates and assumptions, especially with respect to intangible assets and contingent liabilities. Significant estimates in valuing certain intangible assets include, but are not limited to, future expected cash flows from acquired customers, the cost to develop acquired technology, useful lives, discount rates, and customer attrition rate. 
 
 The estimates are inherently uncertain and subject to revision as additional information is obtained during the measurement period for an acquisition, which may last up to one year from the acquisition date. During the measurement period, we may record adjustments to the fair value of tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed, with a corresponding offset to goodwill. After the conclusion of the measurement period or the final determination of the fair value of assets acquired or liabilities assumed, whichever comes first, any subsequent adjustments are recorded to earnings. 
 
 Revenue recognition: 
 
 Revenue is recognized in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC 606 Revenue from Contracts with Customers by applying the following steps: 
 
 Step 1: Identify the contract(s) with a customer. 
 
 Step 2: Identify the performance obligation(s) in the contract. 
 
 Step 3: Determine the transaction price. 
 
 Step 4: Allocate the transaction price to the performance obligation(s) in the contract. 
 
 Step 5: Recognize when (or as) the entity satisfies the performance obligation(s). 
 
 We derive our revenue primarily from software subscriptions and software development services. Applicable revenue recognition criteria are considered separately for each performance obligation as follows: 

Service revenue consists primarily of revenue earned from the performance of software development services and, to a lesser extent, professional services. The majority of software development contracts are structured as time and materials consulting agreements. Revenue for services is generally recognized as the services are performed. Billing for services rendered generally occurs within one month after the services are provided. 

Subscription revenue consists primarily of revenue earned from the sale of software products and, to a lesser extent, the licensing or sale of intellectual property. The majority of subscription contracts are recurring, paid in advance and recognized over the term of the subscription, which is typically one to three years. 

Customer arrangements may contain multiple performance obligations such as software development services, software products, and maintenance and support fees. We account for individual products and services separately if they are distinct. To determine the transaction price, we consider the terms of the contract and our customary business practices. Some contracts may contain variable consideration. In those cases, we estimate the amount of variable consideration based on the sum of probability-weighted amounts in a range of possible consideration amounts. As part of this assessment, we will evaluate whether any of the variable consideration is constrained and if it is, we will not include it in the transaction price. The consideration is allocated between distinct products and services based on their stand-alone selling prices. For items that are not sold separately, we estimate the standalone selling price based on reasonably available information, including market conditions, specific factors affecting us, and information about the customer. For distinct products and services, we typically recognize the revenue associated with these performance obligations as they are delivered to the customer. Products and services that are not capable of being distinct are combined with other products or services until a distinct performance obligation is identified. 
 
 All revenue recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Operations is considered to be revenue from contracts with customers. 

17

Table of Contents 

Results of Operations the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 
 The following tables present our consolidated statements of operations data for the periods indicated. 

Year Ended 

Year Ended 

December 31, 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Revenue: 

Service 

14,978 

15,006 

Subscription 

15,219 

11,514 

Total revenue 

30,197 

26,520 

Cost of revenue: 

Service 

6,557 

6,299 

Subscription 

3,878 

2,478 

Amortization expense on acquired intangible assets 

4,439 

Total cost of revenue 

14,874 

8,777 

Gross profit 

15,323 

17,743 

Operating expenses: 

Sales and marketing 

29,718 

20,433 

Research, development and engineering 

26,490 

17,542 

General and administrative 

18,945 

19,634 

Amortization expense on acquired intangible assets 

1,064 

Impairment of lease right of use assets and leasehold improvements 

915 

Total operating expenses 

77,132 

57,609 

Operating loss 

(61,809) 

(39,866) 

Other income: 

Gain on extinguishment of note payable 

5,094 

Refundable tax credit 

1,260 

Other income 

848 

29 

Other income, net 

2,108 

5,123 

Loss before income taxes 

(59,701) 

(34,743) 

Provision for income taxes 

(97) 

(16) 

Net loss 

(59,798) 

(34,759) 

Year Ended 

Year Ended 

December 31, 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Percentages are percent of total revenue 

Revenue: 

Service 

50 

57 

Subscription 

50 

43 

Total revenue 

100 

100 

Cost of revenue: 

Service (1) 

22 

24 

Subscription (1) 

13 

9 

Amortization expense on acquired intangible assets 

15 

Total cost of revenue 

49 

33 

Gross profit 

51 

67 

Operating expenses: 

Sales and marketing 

98 

77 

Research, development and engineering 

88 

66 

General and administrative 

63 

74 

Amortization expense on acquired intangible assets 

4 

Impairment of lease right of use assets and leasehold improvements 

3 

Total operating expenses 

255 

217 

Operating loss 

(205) 

(150) 

Other income: 

Gain on extinguishment of note payable 

19 

Refundable tax credit 

4 

Other income 

3 

Other income, net 

7 

19 

Loss before income taxes 

(198) 

(131) 

Provision for income taxes 

() 

() 

Net loss 

(198) 

(131) 

(1) Cost of revenue for Service and Subscription excludes amortization expense on acquired intangible assets. 

18

Table of Contents 

Summary 
 
 Total revenue increased 3.7 million, or 14 , to 30.2 million, primarily reflecting the contribution of subscription and service revenue post acquisition from EVRYTHNG and 2.6 million of subscription revenue from new commercial contracts, partially offset by 1.5 million of lower subscription revenue as a result of sunsetting our Piracy Intelligence product, 1 .0 million of lower subscription revenue from the sale of 10 non-core patents in 2021, 0.5 million of lower service revenue due to the timing of HolyGrail 2.0 recycling projects, and 0.4 million of upfront subscription revenue on a two-year contract signed in 2021. 
 
 Total operating expenses increased 19.5 million, or 34 , to 77.1 million, primarily reflecting 15.8 million of EVRYTHNG operating expenses post acquisition, 6.6 million of higher compensation costs due to annual compensation adjustments and higher headcount, of which included 2.3 million of higher stock-based compensation expense, 1.4 million of severance costs incurred for organizational changes we made in the third quarter of 2022, 0.9 million of higher lease asset amortization and moving costs, 0.9 million related to a non-cash impairment charge to write-down our lease right of use assets and leasehold improvements, and 0.8 million of higher travel and conference costs, partially offset by 6.2 million of costs recognized in the second quarter of 2021 associated with the Separation Agreement we entered into with our former chief executive officer and 1.3 million of severance costs incurred for organizational changes we made in the second quarter of 2021. 
 
 Revenue 

Year Ended 

Year Ended 

Dollar 

Percent 

December 31, 

December 31, 

Increase 

Increase 

2022 

2021 

(Decrease) 

(Decrease) 

Revenue: 

Service 

14,978 

15,006 

(28) 

(0) 

Subscription 

15,219 

11,514 

3,705 

32 

Total 

30,197 

26,520 

3,677 

14 

Revenue (as of total revenue): 

Service 

50 

57 

Subscription 

50 

43 

Total 

100 

100 

Service . Service revenue consists primarily of revenue earned from the performance of software development services and, to a lesser extent, professional services. The majority of software development contracts are structured as time and materials agreements. Revenue for services is generally recognized as the services are performed. Billing for services rendered generally occurs within one month after the services are provided. Service contracts can range from days to several years in length. Our contract with the Central Banks, which accounts for the majority of service revenue, has a contract term through December 31, 2029. The contract is subject to work plans that are reviewed and agreed upon quarterly. The contract provides for predetermined billing rates, which are adjusted annually to account for cost of living variables, and provides for the reimbursement of third party costs incurred to support the work plans. 
 
 There was no change in service revenue, primarily due to the contribution of service revenue post acquisition from EVRYTHNG offsetting 0.5 million of lower service revenue due to the timing of HolyGrail 2.0 recycling projects and less service revenue from program work with the Central Banks. 
 
 Subscription. Subscription revenue consists primarily of revenue earned from the sale of software products and, to a lesser extent, the licensing or sale of intellectual property. The majority of subscription contracts are recurring, paid in advance and recognized over the term of the subscription, which is typically one to three years. 
 
 The increase in subscription revenue was primarily due to the contribution of subscription revenue post acquisition from EVRYTHNG and 2.6 million of subscription revenue from new commercial contracts, partially offset by 1.5 million of lower subscription revenue as a result of sunsetting our Piracy Intelligence product, 1.0 million of lower subscription revenue from the sale of 10 non-core patents in 2021, and 0.4 million of upfront subscription revenue on a two-year contract signed in 2021. 

19

Table of Contents 

Revenue by geography 

Year Ended 

Year Ended 

Dollar 

Percent 

December 31, 

December 31, 

Increase 

Increase 

2022 

2021 

(Decrease) 

(Decrease) 

Revenue by geography: 

Domestic 

10,029 

6,675 

3,354 

50 

International 

20,168 

19,845 

323 

2 

Total 

30,197 

26,520 

3,677 

14 

Revenue (as of total revenue): 

Domestic 

33 

25 

International 

67 

75 

Total 

100 

100 

Domestic . The increase in domestic revenue was due to the contribution of domestic revenue post acquisition from EVRYTHNG and 2.1 million of domestic revenue from new commercial contracts, partially offset by 1.1 million of lower domestic revenue as a result of sunsetting our Piracy Intelligence product. 
 
 International . The increase in international revenue primarily reflects the contribution of international revenue post acquisition from EVRYTHNG and 0.5 million of international revenue from new commercial contracts, partially offset by 1.0 million of lower subscription revenue from the sale of 10 non-core patents in 2021, 0.5 million of lower service revenue due to the timing of HolyGrail 2.0 recycling projects, 0.4 million of upfront subscription revenue on a two-year contract signed in 2021, and 0.4 million as a result of sunsetting our Piracy Intelligence product. 

Revenue by market 

Year Ended 

Year Ended 

Dollar 

Percent 

December 31, 

December 31, 

Increase 

Increase 

2022 

2021 

(Decrease) 

(Decrease) 

Government: 

Service 

12,922 

13,198 

(276) 

(2) 

Subscription 

1,387 

1,200 

187 

16 

Total Government 

14,309 

14,398 

(89) 

(1) 

Commercial: 

Service 

2,056 

1,808 

248 

14 

Subscription 

13,832 

10,314 

3,518 

34 

Total Commercial 

15,888 

12,122 

3,766 

31 

Total 

30,197 

26,520 

3,677 

14 

Government . The decrease in government revenue reflects less program work with the Central Banks, partially offset by a 0.2 million one-time license fee payment from a government supplier in 2022. 
 
 Commercial . The increase in commercial revenue was primarily due to the contribution of subscription and service revenue post acquisition from EVRYTHNG and 2.6 million of subscription revenue from new commercial contracts, partially offset by 1.5 million of lower subscription revenue as a result of sunsetting our Piracy Intelligence product, 1.0 million of lower subscription revenue from the sale of 10 non-core patents in 2021, 0.5 million of lower service revenue due to the timing of HolyGrail 2.0 recycling projects, and 0.4 million of upfront subscription revenue on a two-year contract signed in 2021. 
 
 Cost of revenue 
 
 Service. Cost of service revenue primarily includes: 

compensation, benefits, incentive compensation in the form of stock-based compensation and related costs of our software developers, quality assurance personnel, professional services team and other personnel where we bill our customers for time and materials costs; 

payments to outside contractors that are billed to customers; 

charges for equipment directly used by customers; 

depreciation for equipment and software directly used by customers; and 

travel costs that are billed to customers. 

20

Table of Contents 

Subscription . Cost of subscription revenue primarily includes: 

compensation, benefits, incentive compensation in the form of stock-based compensation and related costs of our software developers and quality assurance personnel when software subscription products require significant configuration and integration; 

cost of outside contractors that provide operational support for our subscription products; 

internet cloud hosting costs and image search data fees to support our subscription products; 

license fees paid to technology solution providers when we sell a combined solution; and 

amortization of capitalized patent costs and patent maintenance fees. 

Amortization expense on acquired intangible assets . Amortization expense includes: 

amortization expense recognized on the developed technology intangible asset acquired in the EVRYTHNG acquisition. 

Gross profit 

Year Ended 

Year Ended 

Dollar 

Percent 

December 31, 

December 31, 

Increase 

Increase 

2022 

2021 

(Decrease) 

(Decrease) 

Gross Profit: 

Service (1) 

8,421 

8,707 

(286) 

(3) 

Subscription (1) 

11,341 

9,036 

2,305 

26 

Amortization expense on acquired intangible assets 

(4,439) 

(4,439) 

(100) 

Total 

15,323 

17,743 

(2,420) 

(14) 

Gross Profit Margin: 

Total 

51 

67 

Service (1) 

56 

58 

Subscription (1) 

75 

78 

(1) 
 Gross Profit and Gross Profit Margin for Service and Subscription excludes amortization expense on acquired intangible assets. 

The decrease in total gross profit was primarily due to 4.4 million of amortization expense recognized on the developed technology intangible asset acquired in the EVRYTHNG acquisition and 0.3 million lower service gross profit due to higher costs, partially offset by the 2.3 million of gross profit contribution from higher subscription revenue. 
 
 The decrease in service gross profit margin, excluding amortization expense on acquired intangible assets, was primarily due to higher employee compensation costs. 
 
 The decrease in subscription gross profit margin, excluding amortization expense on acquired intangible assets, was primarily due to the mix of subscription revenue as some subscription products have higher or lower margins than others. 
 
 Operating expenses 
 
 Sales and marketing 

Year Ended 

Year Ended 

Dollar 

Percent 

December 31, 

December 31, 

Increase 

Increase 

2022 

2021 

(Decrease) 

(Decrease) 

Sales and marketing 

29,718 

20,433 

9,285 

45 

Sales and marketing (as of total revenue) 

98 

77 

Sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of: 

compensation, benefits, incentive compensation in the form of stock-based compensation and related costs of sales, marketing, product, operations and customer support personnel; 

travel and market research costs, and costs associated with marketing programs, such as trade shows, public relations and new product launches; 

professional services, consulting and outside contractor costs for sales and marketing and product initiatives; and 

charges for infrastructure and centralized costs of facilities and information technology. 

21

Table of Contents 

The increase in sales and marketing expenses was primarily due to: 

EVRYTHNG sales and marketing expenses of 8.4 million post acquisition; 

severance costs of 1.0 million incurred for organizational changes we made in the third quarter of 2022; 

increased compensation costs of 0.9 million reflecting annual compensation adjustments, of which included 0.5 million of stock compensation expense; and 

increased travel and conference costs of 0.7 million; partially offset by 

severance costs of 1.3 million incurred for organizational changes we made in the second quarter of 2021; and 

lower recruiting costs of 0.3 million. 

Research, development and engineering 

Year Ended 

Year Ended 

Dollar 

Percent 

December 31, 

December 31, 

Increase 

Increase 

2022 

2021 

(Decrease) 

(Decrease) 

Research, development and engineering 

26,490 

17,542 

8,948 

51 

Research, development and engineering (as of total revenue) 

88 

66 

Research, development and engineering expenses arise primarily from three areas that support our business model: fundamental research, platform development and product development. 
 
 Research, development and engineering expenses consist primarily of: 

compensation, benefits, incentive compensation in the form of stock-based compensation and related costs of software and hardware developers and quality assurance personnel; 

payments to outside contractors for software development services; 

the purchase of materials and services used in product development; and 

charges for infrastructure and centralized costs of facilities and information technology. 

The increase in research, development and engineering expenses was primarily due to: 

increased compensation costs of 5.0 million reflecting higher headcount, including transfers in from other departments, and annual compensation adjustments, of which included 0.8 million of stock compensation expense; 

EVRYTHNG research, development and engineering expenses of 3.2 million post acquisition; 

increased infrastructure and centralized costs of facilities and information technology of 0.3 million; and 

severance costs of 0.3 million incurred for organizational changes we made in the third quarter of 2022. 

General and administrative 

Year Ended 

Year Ended 

Dollar 

Percent 

December 31, 

December 31, 

Increase 

Increase 

2022 

2021 

(Decrease) 

(Decrease) 

General and administrative 

18,945 

19,634 

(689) 

(4) 

General and administrative (as of total revenue) 

63 

74 

We incur general and administrative costs in the functional areas of finance, legal, human resources, intellectual property, executive and board of directors. Costs for facilities and information technology are also managed as part of the general and administrative processes and are allocated to this area as well as each of the areas in sales and marketing and research, development and engineering. 
 
 General and administrative expenses consist primarily of: 

compensation, benefits and incentive compensation in the form of stock-based compensation and related costs of general and administrative personnel; 

third party and professional fees associated with legal, accounting and human resources functions; 

22

Table of Contents 

costs associated with being a public company; and 

charges for infrastructure and centralized costs of facilities and information technology. 

The decrease in general and administrative expenses was primarily due to: 

costs of 6.2 million associated with the Separation Agreement we entered into with our former chief executive officer in the second quarter of 2021 upon his retirement; 

decreased legal, accounting and tax costs of 0.4 million primarily related to the EVRYTHNG due diligence and acquisition; and 

decreased infrastructure and centralized costs of facilities and information technology of 0.3 million; partially offset by 

EVRYTHNG general and administrative expenses of 3.1 million post acquisition; 

increased facilities costs of 1.0 million reflecting non-cash rent expense for our new corporate headquarters and office moving costs; 

increased compensation cost of 0.7 million reflecting annual compensation adjustments, partially offset by lower headcount, including transfers out to other departments, of which included 1.0 million of stock compensation expense; 

increased costs capitalized to patents of 0.4 million; 

increased operating taxes of 0.3 million largely reflecting the stamp tax due in the United Kingdom for the EVRYTHNG acquisition; 

increased consulting costs of 0.2 million related to acquisition integration and other corporate initiatives; 

increased insurance costs of 0.2 million related to the EVRYTHNG acquisition; and 

severance costs of 0.1 million incurred for organizational changes we made in the third quarter of 2022. 

Amortization expense on acquired intangible assets 

Year Ended 

Year Ended 

Dollar 
 
 Percent 

December 31, 

December 31, 

Increase 
 
 Increase 

2022 

2021 

(Decrease) 
 
 (Decrease) 

Amortization expense on acquired intangible assets 

1,064 

1,064 
 
 > 100 

Amortization expense on acquired intangible assets (as of total revenue) 

4 

Amortization expense on acquired intangible assets relates to amortization expense recognized on the customer relationships intangible asset acquired in the EVRYTHNG acquisition. 
 
 Impairment of lease right of use assets and leasehold improvements 

Year Ended 

Year Ended 

Dollar 
 
 Percent 

December 31, 

December 31, 

Increase 
 
 Increase 

2022 

2021 

(Decrease) 
 
 (Decrease) 

Impairment of lease right of use assets and leasehold improvements 

915 

915 
 
 > 100 

Impairment of lease right of use assets and leasehold improvements (as of total revenue) 

3 

The impairment of lease right of use assets and leasehold improvements was triggered upon moving out of our old corporate offices in both the United States and United Kingdom during 2022. 
 
 Stock-based compensation 

Year Ended 

Year Ended 

Dollar 

Percent 

December 31, 

December 31, 

Increase 

Increase 

2022 

2021 

(Decrease) 

(Decrease) 

Cost of revenue 

913 

693 

220 

32 

Sales and marketing 

3,842 

2,691 

1,151 

43 

Research, development and engineering 

2,646 

1,590 

1,056 

66 

General and administrative 

3,888 

6,962 

(3,074) 

(44) 

Total 

11,289 

11,936 

(647) 

(5) 

The decrease in stock-based compensation expense was primarily due to 4.0 million of non-cash stock-based compensation expense from the acceleration of stock awards associated with the Separation Agreement we entered into with our former chief executive officer and 1.0 million from the organizational changes we made in the second quarter of 2021, partially offset by 2.5 million of stock-based compensation expense from one-time stock awards granted related to the EVRYTHNG acquisition and integration, 0.6 million of non-cash stock-based compensation expense from the acceleration of stock awards associated with organizational changes we made in the third quarter of 2022, and the impact of higher annual stock award grants reflecting higher headcount largely due to the EVRYTHNG acquisition. 

23

Table of Contents 

We anticipate incurring an additional 16,051 in stock-based compensation expense through December 31, 2026 for awards outstanding as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Leases 
 
 In February 2022, we entered into a sublease agreement and lease extension agreement on a new facility in Beaverton, Oregon in order to move our principal corporate offices. The new facility is approximately 65,500 square feet in size. The term of the sublease and lease extension runs through September 2030. The remaining rent payments as of December 31, 2022 were 8.8 million plus operating expenses, payable in monthly installments. The first 26 months of rent payments and operating expenses are abated to cover the remaining term of our existing corporate office lease. 
 
 We continue to lease our former principal corporate office space, which is approximately 47,000 square feet in size and also located in Beaverton, Oregon. In July 2015, we entered into an amendment with the landlord of this office space to extend the lease term through March 2024. The remaining rent payments as of December 31, 2022 were 1.1 million plus operating expenses, payable in monthly installments. 
 
 We lease office space in London, England under an existing lease entered into by EVRYTHNG in July 2019. The term of the lease runs through July 2023. The remaining rent payments as of December 31, 2022 were 0.1 million plus operating expenses, payable in quarterly installments. 
 
 Other income, net 

Year Ended 

Year Ended 

Dollar 

Percent 

December 31, 

December 31, 

Increase 

Increase 

2022 

2021 

(Decrease) 

(Decrease) 

Other income, net 

2,108 

5,123 

(3,015) 

(59) 

Other income, net (as of total revenue) 

7 

19 

The decrease in other income, net was primarily due to the 5.1 million gain on the forgiveness of our Paycheck Protection Program PPP loan in September 2021, partially offset by a 1.3 million estimated refundable research and development tax credit to be filed for in the United Kingdom for the 2022 tax year and by 0.7 million higher interest income due to higher interest rates on investments. 
 
 Provision for income taxes 
 
 The provision for income taxes reflects current taxes, deferred taxes and withholding taxes in certain foreign jurisdictions. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, our effective tax rate was 0 , reflecting a valuation allowance recorded against the majority of our deferred tax assets. The valuation allowance against deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2022 was 83,000, an increase of 18,727 from 64,273 as of December 31, 2021. We continually assess the applicability of a valuation allowance against our deferred tax assets. Based upon the positive and negative evidence available as of December 31, 2022, and largely due to the cumulative loss incurred by us over the preceding three years, which is considered a significant piece of negative evidence when assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets, a valuation allowance is recorded against our deferred tax assets. We will not record tax benefits on any future losses until it is determined that those tax benefits will be realized. All future reversals of the valuation allowance would result in a tax benefit in the period recognized. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, our effective tax rate was 0 , reflecting a full valuation allowance recorded against our deferred tax assets. The valuation allowance against deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2021 was 64,273, an increase of 8,634 from 55,639 as of December 31, 2020. 
 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 
 The following discussion and analysis include both financial measures in accordance with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles GAAP as well as non-GAAP financial measures. Generally, a non-GAAP financial measure is a numerical measure of a company s performance, financial position or cash flows that excludes amounts that are not normally excluded in the most directly comparable measure calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP. Non-GAAP financial measures should be viewed as supplemental to, and should not be considered as alternatives to, GAAP financial measures. Non-GAAP financial measures may not be indicative of the historical operating results of the Company nor are they intended to be predictive of potential future results. Investors should not consider non-GAAP financial measures in isolation or as substitutes for performance measures calculated in accordance with GAAP. Our management uses and relies on Non-GAAP gross profit, Non-GAAP gross profit margin, Non-GAAP operating expenses, Non-GAAP net loss, and Non-GAAP loss per common share (diluted), which are all non-GAAP financial measures. We believe that both management and shareholders benefit from referring to the following non-GAAP financial measures in planning, forecasting and analyzing future periods. 
 
 Our management uses these non-GAAP financial measures in evaluating its financial and operational decision making and as a means to evaluate period-to-period comparisons. Our management recognizes that the non-GAAP financial measures have inherent limitations because of the described excluded items. 
 
 We define Non-GAAP gross profit, Non-GAAP gross profit margin, Non-GAAP operating expenses, Non-GAAP net loss, and Non-GAAP loss per common share (diluted) excluding the adjustments in the table below. These non-GAAP financial measures are an important measure of our operating performance because they allow management, investors and analysts to evaluate and assess our core operating results from period-to-period after removing non-cash and non-recurring activities that can affect comparability. 
 
 We have included a reconciliation of our financial measures calculated in accordance with GAAP to the most comparable non-GAAP financial measures. We believe that providing the non-GAAP financial measures, together with the reconciliation to GAAP, helps investors make comparisons between us and other companies. In making any comparisons to other companies, investors need to be aware that companies use different non-GAAP measures to evaluate their financial performance. Investors should pay close attention to the specific definition being used and to the reconciliation between such measures and the corresponding GAAP measures provided by each company under applicable SEC rules. 

24

Table of Contents 

The following table presents a reconciliation of Non-GAAP gross profit, Non-GAAP gross profit margin, Non-GAAP operating expenses, Non-GAAP net loss, and Non-GAAP loss per common share (diluted) for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Year Ended 

Year Ended 

December 31, 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

GAAP gross profit 

15,323 

17,743 

Amortization of acquired intangible assets 

4,439 

Amortization and write-off of other intangible assets 

576 

576 

Stock-based compensation 

913 

693 

Non-GAAP gross profit 

21,251 

19,012 

Non-GAAP gross profit margin 

70 

72 

GAAP operating expenses 

77,132 

57,609 

Depreciation and write-off of property and equipment 

(1,372) 

(1,370) 

Amortization of acquired intangible assets 

(1,064) 

Amortization and write-off of other intangible assets 

(163) 

(102) 

Amortization of lease right of use assets under operating leases 

(965) 

(493) 

Stock-based compensation 

(10,376) 

(11,243) 

Impairment of lease right of use assets and leasehold improvements 

(915) 

Acquisition-related expenses 

(447) 

(1,140) 

Non-GAAP operating expenses 

61,830 

43,261 

GAAP net loss 

(59,798) 

(34,759) 

Total adjustments to gross profit 

5,928 

1,269 

Total adjustments to operating expenses 

15,302 

14,348 

Gain on extinguishment of note payable 

(5,094) 

Non-GAAP net loss 

(38,568) 

(24,236) 

GAAP loss per common share (diluted) 

(3.12) 

(2.11) 

Non-GAAP net loss 

(38,568) 

(24,236) 

Non-GAAP loss per common share (diluted) 

(2.02) 

(1.47) 

Non-GAAP gross profit increased by 2.2 million primarily due to higher gross profit contribution from higher subscription revenue. 
 
 Non-GAAP gross profit margin changed slightly reflecting differences in the mix of subscription revenue, as some subscription products have higher or lower margins than others, and the impact of higher services costs. 
 
 Non-GAAP operating expenses increased by 18.6 million primarily as a result of 13.1 million of EVRYTHNG Non-GAAP operating expenses post acquisition, after excluding the EVRYTHNG portion of the adjustments above for amortization expense on acquired intangible assets of 1.1 million and stock-based compensation of 1.5 million. Excluding the impact of EVRYTHNG, Non-GAAP operating expenses increased 5.5 million, primarily reflecting 4.3 million of higher cash compensation costs due to annual compensation adjustments and higher headcount, 0.8 million of cash severance costs incurred for organizational changes we made in the third quarter of 2022, 0.8 million of higher travel and conference costs, 0.6 million of higher facilities and move related costs, 0.3 million of higher legal, accounting and tax costs not included in acquisition-related expenses, 0.3 million of operating taxes, 0.2 million of higher insurance costs, 0.2 million of higher hardware and software costs, and 0.3 million of net other expenses, partially offset by 2.2 million of cash costs associated with the Separation Agreement we entered into with our former chief executive officer, and 0.3 million of cash severance costs incurred for organizational changes we made in the second quarter of 2021. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 

December 31, 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Working capital 

54,007 

36,295 

Current ratio (1) 
 
 6.3:1 

5.7:1 

Cash, cash equivalents and short-term marketable securities 

52,542 

33,326 

Long-term marketable securities 

8,292 

Total cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities 

52,542 

41,618 

(1) 
 The current (liquidity) ratio is calculated by dividing total current assets by total current liabilities. 

The 10,924 increase in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities at December 31, 2022, from December 31, 2021, resulted primarily from: 

net proceeds from the issuance of common stock; partially offset by 

cash used in operations; 

net cash paid for the acquisition of EVRYTHNG; 

purchases of common stock related to tax withholding in connection with the vesting of restricted stock and restricted stock units; and 

purchases of property and equipment and capitalized patent costs. 

25

Table of Contents 

Financial instruments that potentially subject us to concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities, and trade accounts receivable. We place our cash and cash equivalents with major banks and financial institutions and at times deposits may exceed insured limits. Marketable securities include commercial paper, corporate notes, federal agency notes and pre-refunded municipals. Our investment policy requires our portfolio to be invested to ensure that the greater of 3,000 or 7 of the invested funds will be available within 30 days notice. 
 
 Other than cash used for operating needs, which may include short-term marketable securities, our investment policy limits our credit exposure to any one financial institution or type of financial instrument by limiting the maximum of 5 of our cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities or 1,000, whichever is greater, to be invested in any one issuer except for the U.S. government, U.S. federal agencies and U.S.-backed securities, which have no limits, at the time of purchase. Our investment policy also limits our credit exposure by limiting to a maximum of 40 of our cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities, or 15,000, whichever is greater, to be invested in any one industry category, (e.g., financial or energy industries), at the time of purchase. As a result, we believe our credit risk associated with cash and investments to be minimal. A decline in the market value of any security that is deemed to be other-than-temporary is charged to earnings. To determine whether an impairment is other-than-temporary, we consider whether we have the ability and intent to hold the investment until a market price recovery and evidence indicating that the cost of the investment is recoverable outweighs evidence to the contrary. There have been no other-than-temporary impairments identified or recorded by us in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities 

Year Ended 

Year Ended 

Dollar 

Percent 

December 31, 

December 31, 

Increase 

Increase 

2022 

2021 

(Decrease) 

(Decrease) 

Net loss 

(59,798) 

(34,759) 

25,039 

72 

Non-cash items 

20,872 

10,095 

(10,777) 

(107) 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities 

(5,482) 

(1,452) 

4,030 

278 

Net cash used in operating activities 

(44,408) 

(26,116) 

18,292 

70 

Cash flows used in operating activities in 2022 compared to 2021 increased by 18,292, primarily as a result of a larger net loss and changes in operating assets and liabilities, partially offset by an increase in non-cash items included in net loss. Non-cash items increased primarily due to 5,503 of higher amortization of acquired intangible assets, the 5,032 gain on forgiveness of our PPP loan in 2021, and the 915 impairment on lease right of use assets and leasehold improvements, partially offset by 647 lower stock-based compensation. Changes in operating assets and liabilities primarily reflect changes in the timing and amounts of vendor payments reflected in accounts payable. 
 
 Cash flows from investing activities 
 
 Cash flows provided by investing activities in 2022 compared to 2021 decreased by 22,224, from 25,981 to 3,757, primarily as a result of 20,817 lower net maturities of marketable securities and 3,512 of net cash paid for the acquisition of EVRYTHNG, partially offset by a 2,000 related-party loan made to EVRYTHNG in 2021. 
 
 Cash flows from financing activities 
 
 Cash flows from financing activities in 2022 compared to 2021 improved by 66,271, from 5,772 of cash used to 60,499 of cash provided, primarily as a result of net proceeds of 62,890 from the issuance of stock during 2022 and 3,416 of lower repurchases of shares of common stock in satisfaction of required withholding tax liability on employee stock awards. 
 
 Future cash expectations 
 
 Under the rules of ASC Subtopic 205-40 Presentation of Financial Statements-Going Concern ASC 205-40 ), companies are required to evaluate whether conditions and/or events raise substantial doubt about their ability to meet their future financial obligations as they become due within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued. This evaluation takes into account a company s current available cash and projected cash needs over the one-year evaluation period but may not consider things beyond its control. We have incurred operating losses and negative cash flows from operating activities during the last several years, and depending on future results, may continue to incur such losses and negative cash flows in the future. We believe our cash and marketable securities of 52,542 at December 31, 2022, will satisfy our projected working capital and capital expenditure requirements for at least the next 12 months. We continuously review our liquidity and anticipated capital requirements in light of the uncertainty created by the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 
 Registered Direct Offering 
 
 On April 5, 2022, we entered into purchase agreements with certain investors providing for the issuance and sale by us of 2,250 common shares in a registered direct offering. The common shares were offered at a price of 25.90 per share, and the gross cash proceeds to us were 58,275. We incurred 55 of legal costs related to the offering. The closing of the registered direct offering occurred on April 7, 2022. 
 
 Equity Distribution Agreement 
 
 On May 16, 2019, we entered into an Equity Distribution Agreement, whereby we may sell from time to time through Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, as our sales agent, our common stock having an aggregate offering price of up to 30,000. Wells Fargo Securities, LLC will receive from us a commission equal to 2.50 of the gross sales price per share of common stock for shares having an aggregate offering price of up to 10,000, and a commission of 2.25 of the gross sales price per share of common stock thereafter, for shares sold under the Equity Distribution Agreement. During 2022, we sold 222 shares at an average price of 22.42 under this Equity Distribution Agreement, totaling 4,984 of cash proceeds, less 112 of commissions and 202 of stock issuance costs. We did not sell any shares under this Equity Distribution Agreement during 2021. As of December 31, 2022, we have sold a total of 720 shares at an average price of 38.97 under this Equity Distribution Agreement, totaling 28,052 of cash proceeds. As of December 31, 2022, 1,948 remains available for future issuance under the Equity Distribution Agreement. 

26

Table of Contents 

Shelf Registration 
 
 On June 5, 2020, we filed a new shelf registration statement on Form S-3 that included 49,265 of unsold securities from our prior shelf registration statement filed on May 26, 2017 that expired in June 2020. Under the new shelf registration statement, we may sell securities in one or more offerings up to 100,000. As of December 31, 2022, 34,633 remains available under the shelf registration. The new shelf registration statement will expire in July 2023. 
 
 We may sell shares under the shelf registration and/or use similar or other financing means to raise working capital in the future, if necessary, to support continued investment in our growth initiatives. We may also raise capital in the future to fund acquisitions and/or investments in complementary businesses, technologies or product lines. If it becomes necessary to obtain additional financing, we may not be able to do so, or if these funds are available, they may not be available on satisfactory terms. These factors may inhibit our near-term ability to obtain financing. 
 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933. Words such as may, might, plan, should, could, expect, anticipate, intend, believe, project, forecast, estimate, continue, and variations of such terms or similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements, or other statements made by us, are made based on our expectations and beliefs concerning future events impacting us, and are subject to uncertainties and factors (including those specified below), which are difficult to predict and, in many instances, are beyond our control. As a result, our actual results could differ materially from those expressed in or implied by any such forward-looking statements, and investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such statements. We believe that the following factors, among others (including those described in Item 1A. Risk Factors ), could affect our future performance and the liquidity and value of our securities and cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by forward-looking statements made by us. Forward-looking statements include but are not limited to statements relating to: 

our expectations regarding the acquisition of EVRYTHNG and its impact on our business; 

our beliefs regarding the possible effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on general economic conditions, public health, and consumer demand, and the Company s results of operations, liquidity, capital resources, and general performance in the future; 

the possible impact of any audit or review related to our PPP loan; 

the potential impact of COVID-19 on projects with our commercial customers and partners; 

the concentration of most of our revenue among few customers and the trends and sources of future revenue; 

anticipated successful advocacy of our technology by our partners; 

our belief regarding the global deployment of our products; 

our beliefs regarding potential outcomes of participating in the HolyGrail 2.0 initiative and the utility of our products in the recycling industry; 

our ESG projects and ESG Impact Report; 

our future level of investment in our business, including investment in research, development and engineering of products and technology, development of our intellectual property, sales growth initiatives and development of new market opportunities; 

anticipated expenses, costs, margins, provision for income taxes and investment activities in the foreseeable future; 

our assumptions and expectations related to stock awards; 

our belief that we have one of the world s most extensive patent portfolios in digital watermarking and related fields; 

anticipated effect of our adoption of accounting pronouncements; 

our beliefs regarding our critical accounting policies; 

our expectations regarding the impact of accounting pronouncements issued but not yet adopted; 

anticipated revenue to be generated from current contracts, renewals, and as a result of new programs; 

our estimates, judgments and assumptions related to impairment testing; 

variability of contracted arrangements in response to changes in circumstances underlying the original contractual arrangements; 

business opportunities that could require that we seek additional financing and our ability to do so; 

27

Table of Contents 

the size and growth of our markets and our assumptions and beliefs related to those markets; 

the existence of international growth opportunities and our future investment in such opportunities; 

our expected short-term and long-term liquidity positions; 

our capital expenditure and working capital requirements and our ability to fund our capital expenditure and working capital needs through cash flow from operations or financing; 

our expectations regarding our ability to meet future financial obligations as they become due within the coming fiscal year; 

the effect of computerized trading on our stock price; 

capital market conditions, our expectations regarding credit risk exposure, interest rate volatility and other limitations on the availability of capital, which could have an impact on our cost of capital and our ability to access the capital markets; 

our use of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities in upcoming quarters and the possibility that our deposits of cash and cash equivalents with major banks and financial institutions may exceed insured limits; 

the strength of our competitive position and our ability to innovate and enhance our competitive differentiation; 

our beliefs related to our existing facilities; 

protection, development and monetization of our intellectual property portfolio; 

our beliefs related to our relationship with our employees and the effect of increasing diversity within our workforce; 

our beliefs regarding cybersecurity incidents; 

our beliefs related to certain provisions in our bylaws and articles of incorporation; 

our beliefs related to legal proceedings and claims arising in the ordinary course of business; and 

other risks detailed in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the risk factors set forth in Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

We believe that the risk factors specified above and the risk factors contained in Item 1A, Risk Factors, among others, could affect our future performance and the liquidity and value of our securities and cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by forward-looking statements made by us or on our behalf. Investors should understand that it is not possible to predict or identify all risk factors and that there may be other factors that may cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements made by us or by persons acting on our behalf apply only as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We do not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect future events, information or circumstances that arise after the date of the filing of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

28

Table of Contents 

ITEM 8: FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 Our Consolidated Financial Statements and the accompanying Notes that are filed as part of this Annual Report are listed under Part III, Item 15, Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules and are set forth beginning on page F-1 immediately following the signature page of this Form 10-K. 
 
 ITEM 9: CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 None 
 
 ITEM 9A: CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 Our management, under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, have carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) as of the end of the period covered by this Form 10-K. These disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is (i) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and (ii) accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 Based on our evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this Form 10-K, were effective. 
 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 
 
 Because of inherent limitations, any control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Management is committed to continue monitoring our internal controls over financial reporting and will modify or implement additional controls and procedures that may be required to ensure the ongoing integrity of our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 With the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting based on the framework established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, COSO ). Based on this evaluation, management has concluded that internal control over financial reporting was effective as of the end of the period covered by this Form 10-K based on those criteria. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 We acquired EVRYTHNG on January 3, 2022, and are currently integrating EVRYTHNG into our operations, compliance programs and internal control processes. EVRYTHNG constituted approximately 6 of our current assets and approximately 17 of our net sales in the year ended December 31, 2022. As permitted under existing SEC interpretive guidance for newly acquired businesses, our management excluded EVRYTHNG from its assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2022, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 ITEM 9B: OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 On February 27, 2023, the Company entered into an amendment (the Amendment to its employment agreement dated April 12, 2021 (the 2021 Agreement ), with Riley McCormack, the Company s President and Chief Executive Officer. The Amendment reflects that Mr. McCormack s compensation is set annually by the Compensation and Talent Management Committee (the Committee of the Company s Board of Directors (the Board ). The 2021 Agreement established Mr. McCormack s compensation for 2021. Since the 2021 Agreement, the Committee updated Mr. McCormack s compensation for 2022 and 2023. Mr. McCormack s 2022 compensation will be reported in the Company s proxy statement for its 2023 annual meeting of shareholders. For 2023, Mr. McCormack s compensation plan is comprised of an annual base salary of 375,000 in cash, 300,000 in cash bonus opportunity in the Company s executive one-year, short term incentive plan, and 1,050,000 in long term equity incentive, in 3-year cliff-vested performance-based restricted stock units. Both the short term and long term incentives are subject to performance goals. Mr. McCormack s compensation may be increased or decreased in the future by the Committee or Board, in their sole discretion. Except as described in the foregoing, Mr. McCormack s existing employment agreement remains in effect pursuant to its existing terms and conditions. A copy of the Agreement Amendment is filed herewith as Exhibit 10.25. 
 
 ITEM 9C: DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 
 Not applicable 

29

Table of Contents 

PART III 
 
 Certain information required by Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K is incorporated herein by reference to the Proxy Statement for our 2023 annual meeting of shareholders, which we intend to file no later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 ITEM 10: DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 Code of Ethics 
 
 We have adopted a Code of Business Conduct that applies to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer and controller, as well as a Code of Ethics for Financial Professionals that applies to our principal financial officer and controller. We have made these codes available in the Corporate Governance section of our website at http://www.digimarc.com/about/company/corporate-governance . If we waive, or implicitly waive, any material provision of the codes, or substantively amend the codes, we will disclose that fact on our website within four business days. 
 
 The other information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the information in the Proxy Statement, which we intend to file with the SEC no later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the captions Election of Directors, Management, Report of the Governance, Nominating, and Sustainability Committee of the Board of Directors Audit Committee, and Other Matters Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports. 
 
 ITEM 11: EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the information in the Proxy Statement, which we intend to file with the SEC no later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, under the captions Director Compensation and Executive Compensation. 
 
 ITEM 12: SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the information in the Proxy Statement, which we intend to file with the SEC no later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, under the captions Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Equity Compensation Plan Information. 
 
 ITEM 13: CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the information in the Proxy Statement, which we intend to file with the SEC no later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the captions Determinations of Board Member Independence and Related Party Transactions. 
 
 ITEM 14: PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the information in the Proxy Statement, which we intend to file with the SEC no later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, under the captions Audit and Other Fees Paid to KPMG LLP and Approval of Audit Fees and Pre-Approval Policy. 

30

Table of Contents 

ITEM 15: EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 (a)(1) Financial Statements 
 
 The following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 

(i) 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

(ii) 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(a)(2) Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 All schedules have been omitted since they are not required or are not applicable or the required information is shown in the consolidated financial statements or related notes. 
 
 (a)(3) Exhibits 
 
 EXHIBIT INDEX 
 
 The agreements included or incorporated by reference as exhibits to this report may contain representations and warranties by each of the parties to the applicable agreement. These representations and warranties have been made solely for the benefit of the other party or parties to the applicable agreement and: 

were not intended to be treated as categorical statements of fact, but rather as a means of allocating the risk to one of the parties if those statements prove to be inaccurate; 

were qualified by disclosures that were made to the other party or parties in connection with the negotiation of the applicable agreement, which disclosures are not necessarily reflected in the agreement; 

may apply standards of materiality that are different from materiality under the securities laws; and 

were made only as of the date of the applicable agreement or other date or dates that may be specified in the agreement. 

31

Table of Contents 

Accordingly, these representations and warranties may not describe the actual state of affairs as of the date they were made or at any other time. Additional information about Digimarc may be found elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and in Digimarc s other public filings, which are available without charge through the SEC s website at http://www.sec.gov . 

Exhibit Number 
 Exhibit Description 

2.1 
 Separation Agreement among DMRC Corporation, DMRC LLC, Digimarc Corporation and, with respect to certain sections, L-1 Identity Solutions, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Amendment No. 2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10, filed with the Commission on August 13, 2008 (File No. 001-34108)) 

2.2 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger dated April 30, 2010 between Digimarc Corporation, a Delaware corporation, and Digimarc Oregon Corporation, an Oregon corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on May 4, 2010 (File No. 001-34108)) 

2.3 
 Share Purchase Agreement dated November 15, 2021 between Digimarc Corporation, an Oregon corporation, and EVRYTHNG Limited, a company incorporated and registered in England, the sellers party thereto, and Fortis Advisors LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on January 4, 2022 (File No. 001-34108)) 

3.1 
 Articles of Incorporation of Digimarc Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the Commission on October 30, 2020 (File No. 001-34108)) 

3.2 
 Bylaws of Digimarc Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on May 4, 2010 (File No. 001-34108)) 

4.1 
 Specimen common stock certificate of Digimarc Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the Commission on July 25, 2014 (File No. 001-34108)) 

4.2 
 Description of Securities (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the Commission on February 27, 2020 (File No. 001-34108)) 

4.3 
 Warrant Agency Agreement, dated January 3, 2022, between Digimarc Corporation and Broadridge Corporate Issuer Solutions, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on January 4, 2022 (File No. 001-34108)) 

10.1 
 License Agreement, dated as of August 1, 2008, between DMRC Corporation and L-1 Identity Solutions Operating Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Amendment No. 4 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10, filed with the Commission on October 2, 2008 (File No. 001-34108))(1) 

10.2 
 Counterfeit Deterrence System Development and License Agreement, dated as of December 6, 2012, between Digimarc Corporation and the Bank for International Settlements (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s amended Annual Report on Form 10-K/A, filed with the Commission on August 7, 2013 (File No. 001-34108))(4) 

10.3 
 Counterfeit Deterrence System Development and License Agreement Amendment, dated December 1, 2022, and effective January 1, 2023, between Digimarc Corporation and Bank for International Settlements 

10.4 
 Digimarc Corporation 2008 Incentive Plan, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the Commission on April 25, 2014 (File No. 001-34108)) 

10.5 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement between Digimarc Corporation and each of its executive officers and directors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Digimarc Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K, as filed by Digimarc Corporation with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 13, 2006 (File No. 000-28317)) 

10.6 
 Form of Change of Control Retention Agreement entered into by and between Digimarc Corporation and each of Messrs. Chamness, Meyer, Beck, and Rodriguez (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the Commission on February 22, 2019 (File No. 001-34108)) 

10.7 
 Patent License Agreement, dated as of June 11, 2009, between Digimarc Corporation and The Nielsen Company (US), LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the Commission on July 31, 2009 (File No. 001-34108))(2) 

10.8 
 Limited Liability Company I Agreement, dated June 11, 2009, between Digimarc Corporation and The Nielsen Company (US), LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the Commission on July 31, 2009 (File No. 001-34108))(2) 

10.9 
 Limited Liability Company II Agreement, dated June 11, 2009 between Digimarc Corporation and The Nielsen Company (US), LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the Commission on July 31, 2009 (File No. 001-34108))(2) 

10.10 
 Lease Agreement, dated March 22, 2004, between Digimarc Corporation and PS Business Parks, L.P., as amended on May 13, 2010 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the Commission on July 30, 2010 (File No. 001-34108)) 

10.11 
 Second Amendment to Lease, dated July 31, 2015, by and between PD Office Owner 9, L.P. and Digimarc Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the Commission on October 30, 2015 (File No. 001-34108)) 

10.12 
 Patent License Agreement, effective as of October 5, 2010, between Digimarc Corporation and IV Digital Multimedia Inventions, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the Commission on April 28,2016 (File No. 001-34108))(3) 

10.13 
 Patent Rights Agreement, dated October 5, 2010, between Digimarc Corporation and IV Digital Multimedia Inventions, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the Commission on March 3, 2011 (File No. 001-34108)) 

10.14 
 Digimarc Corporation 2018 Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Appendix A of the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A, filed with the Commission on March 21, 2018 (File No. 001-34108)) 

10.15 
 Equity Compensation Program for Nonemployee Directors under the Digimarc Corporation 2018 Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the Commission on February 22, 2019 (File No. 001-34108)) 

10.16 
 Grant-Back License Agreement, dated October 5, 2010, between Digimarc Corporation and IV Digital Multimedia Inventions, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the Commission on May 2, 2019 (File No. 001-34108)) (5) 

10.17 
 Equity Distribution Agreement, dated May 16, 2019 by and between the Company and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on May 17, 2019 (File No. 001-34108)) 

10.18 
 Amendment No. 1 to Equity Distribution Agreement, dated August 6, 2020, by and between the Company and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the Commission on October 30, 2020 (File No. 001-34108)) 

32

Table of Contents 

10.19 
 Employment Agreement, effective as of August 10, 2020, between Digimarc Corporation and Bruce Davis (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on August 14, 2020 (File No. 001-34108)) 

10.20 
 Subscription Agreement, dated September 29, 2020, by and between the Company and TCM Strategic Partners L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on September 29, 2020 (File No. 001-34108)) 

10.21 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated September 29, 2020, by and between the Company and TCM Strategic Partners L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on September 29, 2020 (File No. 001-34108)) 

10.22 
 Work Agreement, dated October 5, 2010, by and among Digimarc Corporation, Invention Law Group, P.C. and IV Digital Multimedia Inventions, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the Commission on April 29, 2021 (File No. 001-34108)) + 

10.23 
 Separation Agreement and General Release, dated April 12, 2021, between Digimarc Corporation and Bruce Davis (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the Commission on April 29, 2021 (File No. 001-34108)) 

10.24 
 Employment Agreement, dated April 12, 2021, between Digimarc Corporation and Riley McCormack (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the Commission on April 29, 2021 (File No. 001-34108)) 

10.25 
 Amendment No. 1 to Employment Agreement, dated as of February 27, 2023, between Digimarc Corporation and Riley McCormack 

10.26 
 Separation Agreement and General Release, dated December 28, 2021, between Digimarc Corporation and Robert Chamness (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.24 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the Commission on March 7, 2022 (File No. 001-34108)). 

10.27 
 Sublease Agreement, dated February 4, 2022, by and between Fiserv Solutions, LLC and Digimarc Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.25 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the Commission on March 7, 2022 (File No. 001-34108)). 

10.28 
 Lease Extension Agreement, dated February 4, 2022, by and between Portland 1 LLC and Digimarc Corporation incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.26 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the Commission on March 7, 2022 (File No. 001-34108)) . 

10.29 
 Form of Change of Control Retention Agreement entered into by and between Digimarc Corporation and each of Messrs. McCormack, Beck, Meyer, Rodriguez and Sickles incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.27 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the Commission on March 7, 2022 (File No. 001-34108)) . 

21.1 
 List of Subsidiaries 

23.1 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

31.1 
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer 

31.2 
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer 

32.1 
 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Executive Officer 

32.2 
 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Financial Officer 

101.INS 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 

101.SCH 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

104 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted in Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

Schedules and certain exhibits to this agreement have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. Digimarc hereby undertakes to furnish to the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission copies of the omitted schedules and exhibits upon request by the Commission. 

+ 
 Certain identified portions of this exhibit have been omitted in accordance with Item 601(b)(10)(iv) of Regulation S-K. 

(1) 
 Confidential treatment has been granted for certain portions omitted from this exhibit pursuant to an order granted by the Commission on October 21, 2008, under Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Confidential portions of this exhibit have been separately filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

(2) 
 Confidential treatment has been granted for certain portions omitted from this exhibit pursuant to an order granted by the Commission on September 10, 2009, under Rule 24b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Confidential portions of this exhibit have been separately filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

(3) 
 Confidential treatment has been granted for certain portions omitted from this exhibit pursuant to an order granted by the Commission on May 6, 2016, under Rule 24b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Confidential portions of this exhibit have been separately filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

(4) 
 Confidential treatment has been granted for certain portions omitted from this exhibit pursuant to an order granted by the Commission on September 3, 2013, under Rule 24b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Confidential portions of this exhibit have been separately filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

(5) 
 Confidential treatment has been requested for certain portions omitted from this exhibit pursuant to Rule 24b-2 under the Exchange Act. Confidential portions of this exhibit have been separately filed with the SEC. 

33

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

DIGIMARC CORPORATION 

Date: March 2, 2023 
 By: 
 
 /s/ Charles Beck 

Charles Beck Title: Chief Financial Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated: 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Riley McCormack 
 
 President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 March 2, 2023 

Riley McCormack 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Charles Beck 
 
 Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
 
 March 2, 2023 

Charles Beck 
 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Alicia Syrett 
 
 Chair of the Board of Directors 
 
 March 2, 2023 

Alicia Syrett 

/s/ Milena Alberti-Perez 
 
 Director 
 
 March 2, 2023 

Milena Alberti-Perez 

/s/ Sandeep Dadlani 
 
 Director 
 
 March 2, 2023 

Sandeep Dadlani 

/s/ Katie Kool 
 
 Director 
 
 March 2, 2023 

Katie Kool 

/s/ James T. Richardson 
 
 Director 
 
 March 2, 2023 

James T. Richardson 

/s/ Ravi Kumar Singisetti 
 
 Director 
 
 March 2, 2023 

Ravi Kumar Singisetti 

/s/ Andrew Walter 
 
 Director 
 
 March 2, 2023 

Andrew Walter 

34

Table of Contents 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity 
 F-6 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-7 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-8 

F-1

Table of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Shareholders and Board of Directors Digimarc Corporation: 
 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Digimarc Corporation and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

F-2

Table of Contents 

Revenue recognition for new contracts 
 
 As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company recorded 30,197 thousand of total revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022, of which 14,978 thousand was service revenue and 15,219 thousand was subscription revenue. Customer arrangements may contain multiple performance obligations such as software development services, software products, and maintenance and support fees. The Company accounts for individual products and services separately if they are distinct. The Company derives its revenue primarily from software development services and software subscriptions with a wide range of service and software offerings. 
 
 We identified the evaluation of the Company s revenue recognition related to new contracts entered during the year as a critical audit matter. Challenging auditor judgment was required to evaluate the potential impact of specific contract terms on revenue recognition due to the unique nature of new revenue contracts within each service and software offering. 
 
 The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design of certain internal controls related to the Company s revenue recognition process, including a control over the Company s assessment of the contract terms and applicable revenue recognition requirements for new contracts. For a selection of new contracts, we read the contract and evaluated the Company s assessment of the contract terms and revenue recognition. For certain contracts, we confirmed the relevant contract terms directly with the Company s customers and compared them to the terms utilized by the Company to record revenue. We assessed the recorded revenue by selecting a sample of transactions and comparing the revenue recognized for consistency with the terms of the underlying documentation, including contracts with customers. For a selection of revenue contracts entered during the year, we interviewed personnel outside of the accounting function to consider other relevant facts and circumstances and their impact on revenue recognition. 
 
 Acquisition of EVRYTHNG Valuation of certain acquired intangible assets 
 
 As discussed in Note 8 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company acquired all outstanding shares of EVRYTHNG s share capital for total consideration of 37,934 thousand on January 3, 2022. As a result of the transaction, the Company acquired certain intangible assets, including developed technology and customer relationships. Management valued the developed technology by applying the cost method and valued the customer relationships using an income approach. The significant assumption used by management in valuing the developed technology was the development costs. The significant assumptions used by management in valuing the customer relationships were the future expected cash flows from customer contracts, customer attrition rate, and discount rate. The acquisition date fair value of the developed technology and customer relationships was 24,170 thousand and 11,550 thousand, respectively. 
 
 We identified the assessment of the fair value of the developed technology and customer relationships acquired in the EVRYTHNG acquisition as a critical audit matter. Complex auditor judgment was required to assess the number of hours in the development costs estimate used to value the developed technology and the future revenue from customer contracts, customer attrition rate, and discount rate used to value the customer relationships. Specifically, these significant assumptions were sensitive to changes. Additionally, evaluating the customer attrition rate and discount rate required valuation professionals with specialized skills and knowledge. 
 
 The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design of certain internal controls over the Company s acquisition-date valuation process, including controls over the development of the significant assumptions noted above. We evaluated the number of hours in the cost estimate used to value the developed technology by comparing it to actual hours for comparable projects completed by the Company. We assessed the future revenue used to value the customer relationships by comparing it to market data for comparable peer companies and industry publications. We evaluated the Company s ability to estimate future revenue by comparing estimated future revenue to actual results subsequent to the date of acquisition. In addition, we involved valuation professionals with specialized skills and knowledge, who assisted in evaluating the Company s customer attrition rate and discount rate assumptions by comparing them against publicly available market data for comparable peer companies. 
 
 /s/ KPMG LLP 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2010. 
 
 Portland, Oregon 
 March 2, 2023 

F-3

Table of Contents 

DIGIMARC CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 

December 31, December 31, 
 2022 2021 
 ASSETS 
 Current assets: 
 Cash and cash equivalents 
 Marketable securities 
 Trade accounts receivable, net 
 Loan receivable from related party 
 Other current assets 
 Total current assets 
 Marketable securities 
 Property and equipment, net 
 Intangibles, net 
 Goodwill 
 Lease right of use assets 
 Other assets 
 Total assets 
 LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 
 Current liabilities: 
 Accounts payable and other accrued liabilities 
 Deferred revenue 
 Total current liabilities 
 Long-term lease liabilities 
 Other long-term liabilities 
 Total liabilities 
 Commitments and contingencies (Note 17) 
 Shareholders equity: 
 Preferred stock (par value 0.001 per share, 2,500 authorized, 10 shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021) 
 Common stock (par value 0.001 per share, 50,000 authorized, 20,260 and 16,940 shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively) 
 Additional paid-in capital 
 Accumulated deficit 
 Accumulated other comprehensive loss 
 Total shareholders equity 
 Total liabilities and shareholders equity 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

F-4

Table of Contents 

DIGIMARC CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 

Year Ended Year Ended 
 December 31, December 31, 
 2022 2021 
 Revenue: 
 Service 
 Subscription 
 Total revenue 
 Cost of revenue: 
 Service (1) 
 Subscription (1) 
 Amortization expense on acquired intangible assets 
 Total cost of revenue 
 Gross profit 
 Operating expenses: 
 Sales and marketing 
 Research, development and engineering 
 General and administrative 
 Amortization expense on acquired intangible assets 
 Impairment of lease right of use assets and leasehold improvements 
 Total operating expenses 
 Operating loss 
 
 Other income: 
 Gain on extinguishment of note payable 
 Refundable tax credit 
 Other income 
 Other income, net 
 Loss before income taxes 
 Provision for income taxes 
 Net loss 
 
 Loss per common share: 
 Loss per common share basic 
 Loss per common share diluted 
 Weighted average common shares outstanding basic 
 Weighted average common shares outstanding diluted 
 
 Comprehensive loss: 
 Unrealized gain (loss) on marketable securities, net of tax of 0 
 Foreign currency translation adjustment, net of tax of 0 
 Other comprehensive loss 
 Net loss 
 Comprehensive loss 

(1) Cost of revenue for Service and Subscription excludes amortization expense on acquired intangible assets. 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

F-5

Table of Contents 

DIGIMARC CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (In thousands) 

Accumulated 

Additional 

Other 

Total 

Preferred Stock 

Common Stock 

Paid-in 

Accumulated 

Comprehensive 

Shareholders' 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Capital 

Deficit 

Loss 

Equity 

BALANCE AT DECEMBER 31, 2021 

() 

Issuance of common stock 

Issuance of warrants for acquisition 

Issuance of restricted common stock 

Vesting of restricted stock units 

Forfeiture of restricted common stock 

() 

Purchase of common stock 

() 

() 

() 

Stock-based compensation 

Unrealized loss on marketable securities 

() 

() 

Foreign currency translation adjustments 

() 

() 

Net loss 

() 

() 

BALANCE AT DECEMBER 31, 2022 

() 

() 

BALANCE AT DECEMBER 31, 2020 

() 

Exercise of stock options 

Issuance of restricted common stock 

Vesting of restricted stock units 

Forfeiture of restricted common stock 

() 

Purchase of common stock 

() 

() 

() 

Stock-based compensation 

Net loss 

() 

() 

BALANCE AT DECEMBER 31, 2021 

() 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

F-6

Table of Contents 

DIGIMARC CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (In thousands) 

Year Ended 

Year Ended 

December 31, 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation and write-off of property and equipment 

Amortization of acquired intangible assets 

Amortization and write-off of other intangible assets 

Amortization of lease right of use assets under operating leases 

Amortization of net premiums on marketable securities 

Gain on extinguishment of note payable 

() 

Stock-based compensation 

Impairment of lease right of use assets and leasehold improvements 

Increase in allowance for doubtful accounts 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Trade accounts receivable 

() 

Other current assets 

() 

() 

Other assets 

() 

() 

Accounts payable and other accrued liabilities 

() 

Deferred revenue 

() 

() 

Lease liability and other long-term liabilities 

() 

() 

Net cash used in operating activities 

() 

() 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Net cash paid for acquisition 

() 

Loan to related party 

() 

Purchase of property and equipment 

() 

() 

Capitalized patent costs 

() 

() 

Proceeds from maturities of marketable securities 

Purchases of marketable securities 

() 

() 

Net cash provided by investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Issuance of common stock, net of issuance costs 

Purchase of common stock 

() 

() 

Loan repayment 

() 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

() 

Effect of exchange rate on cash 

() 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

() 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Cash paid for income taxes, net 

() 

() 

Supplemental schedule of non-cash activities: 

Property and equipment and patent costs in accounts payable 

() 

() 

Stock-based compensation capitalized to software and patent costs 

Common stock issued for acquisition 

Warrants issued for acquisition 

Right of use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations 

Cashless exercise of stock options 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

F-7

Table of Contents 

DIGIMARC CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 

and at December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. Cash equivalents are carried at either cost or fair value depending on the type of security. 

Commercial paper 
 Federal agency notes 
 Corporate notes 
 Pre-refunded municipals 
 Total 

Commercial paper 
 Corporate notes 
 Federal agency notes 
 Pre-refunded municipals 
 Total 
 
 The fair value maturities of the Company s cash equivalents and marketable securities as of December 31, 2022 are as follows: 

The estimated fair values of the Company s financial instruments, which include accounts receivable, accounts payable and other accrued liabilities, approximate their carrying values due to the short-term nature of these instruments. 

of its cash equivalents and marketable securities or , whichever is greater, to be invested in any one issuer except for the U.S. government, U.S. federal agencies and U.S. backed securities, which have no limits, at the time of purchase. The Company s investment policy also limits its credit exposure by limiting the maximum of of its cash equivalents and marketable securities, or , whichever is greater, to be invested in any one industry category, (e.g., financial or energy industries), at the time of purchase. As a result, the Company s credit risk associated with cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities is believed to be minimal. The Company manages credit risk on accounts receivable by evaluating a customer s credit worthiness before extending any significant amount of credit. There is a significant concentration of accounts receivable at vary times from our two largest customers. Both customers have significant financial means and a history of paying their invoices timely. The Company does not have a history of significant bad debt write-offs. As a result, the Company s credit risk associated with accounts receivable is believed to be low. 

impairment to goodwill as the estimated fair value of the Company s reporting unit exceeded the carrying value. 

Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of the assets to future net undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated by the assets over their remaining useful life. If such assets are considered to be impaired, the impairment would be recognized in operating results at the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the fair value of the assets. Fair value is determined based on discounted cash flows, observable market values or appraised values, depending on the nature of the assets. 
 
 Assets to be disposed of are reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell. 

at December 31, 2022 , will satisfy the Company s projected working capital and capital expenditure requirements for at least the next 12 months. 

Accounting Pronouncements Issued But Not Yet Adopted In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016 - 13, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (ASC 326 ): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments , which amends the guidance on the impairment of financial instruments. The amendments in this update remove the thresholds that entities apply to measure credit losses on financial instruments measured at amortized cost, such as loans, trade receivables, reinsurance recoverables, off-balance-sheet credit exposures, and held-to-maturity securities. Under current U.S. GAAP, entities generally recognize credit losses when it is probable that the loss has been incurred. The guidance removes all current recognition thresholds and introduces the new current expected credit loss CECL model which will require entities to recognize an allowance for credit losses for the difference between the amortized cost basis of a financial instrument and the amount of amortized cost that an entity expects to collect over the instrument s contractual life. The new CECL model is based upon expected losses rather than incurred losses. The amendments in this update are effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2022. Early adoption is permitted. The Company does not expect the impact of the adoption of this standard to have a material impact on its financial condition, results of operations and disclosures. 

Subscription 
 Total Government 
 Commercial 
 Service 
 Subscription 
 Total Commercial 
 Total 

The Company has contract assets from contracts with customers that are classified as trade accounts receivable. 
 
 The Company has contract assets from capitalized contract acquisition costs that are classified as other current assets and other assets. These contract acquisition costs are recognized in proportion to the revenue recognized from the contract they are associated with. 
 
 The following table provides information about contract assets from contracts with customers: 

Contract acquisition costs, long-current 
 Total 

The Company has contract liabilities from contracts with customers that are classified as deferred revenue. Deferred revenue consists of billings in advance for services and subscriptions for which the performance obligation has not been satisfied. 
 
 The following table provides information about contract liabilities from contracts with customers: 

Deferred revenue, long-term 
 Total 

The Company recognized of revenue during the year ended December 31, 2022 that was included in the contract liability balance as of December 31, 2021 . 
 
 The aggregate amount of the transaction prices from contractual obligations that are unsatisfied or partially unsatisfied was and , as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. 

International (1) 
 Total 

1 Revenue from the Central Banks, consisting of a consortium of central banks around the world, is classified as international revenue. Reporting revenue by country for this customer is not practicable. 

Major Customers 
 
 The following customers accounted for 10 or more of revenue: 

Customer B 

Long-lived tangible assets by geographical area 

Long-lived tangible assets by geographic area were as follows: 

Europe 
 Total 

stock options granted during the year ended December 31, 2022 as replacement equity awards for vested stock options held by EVRYTHNG employees. stock options were granted during the year ended December 31, 2021 . 

Restricted Stock 
 
 The fair value of restricted stock awards that vest upon meeting a service condition is based on the fair market value of the Company s common stock on the date of the grant (measurement date) and is recognized on a straight-line basis over the service period of the award, which is generally three to four years for employee grants and one to three years for director grants. 
 
 Restricted Stock Units 
 
 The fair value of restricted stock unit RSU awards that vest upon meeting a service condition is based on the fair market value of the Company s common stock on the date of the grant (measurement date) and is recognized on a straight-line basis over the service period of the award, which is generally three to four years for employee grants. 
 
 Performance Restricted Stock Units 
 
 The fair value of performance stock unit PSU awards that vest upon meeting a performance condition, such as the Company exceeding a future annual recurring revenue target, and a service condition is determined based on the probability of achievement of the performance criteria as of each reporting date (measurement date). The probability of achievement is subject to judgment, and could change from period to period, impacting the fair value of the award. The Company recognizes the fair value of the award on a straight-line basis over the service period of the award, which is generally three years for employee grants. 
 
 The fair value of PSU awards that vest upon meeting a market condition, such as the Company exceeding shareholder returns as compared to an index of peer companies, and a service condition is determined on the date of grant (measurement date) using the Monte Carlo valuation model. The Company recognizes the fair value of the award on a straight-line basis over the service period of the award, which is generally three years for employee grants. 
 
 Although the fair value of stock-based awards is determined in accordance with ASC 718 and Staff Accounting Bulletin SAB No. 107 Shared-Based Payment , the Monte Carlo Simulation model requires the input of subjective assumptions, and other reasonable assumptions could provide differing results. 
 
 The following inputs are used in the Monte Carlo Simulation model to estimate the fair value: 
 
 Stock Price. The stock price represents the fair market value of the Company s common stock on the date of the grant. 
 
 Expected Volatility. The Company estimates the volatility of its common stock at the date of grant based on the historical volatility of its common stock based on historical prices over the most recent period commensurate with the term of the award. 
 
 Risk-Free Interest Rate. The Company determines the risk-free interest rate using current U.S. treasury yields for bonds with a maturity commensurate with the term of the award. 
 
 Monte Carlo Simulation Inputs: 

Expected volatility 
 Risk-free interest rate 

Stock-based Compensation 

Sales and marketing 
 Research, development and engineering 
 General and administrative 
 Stock-based compensation expense 
 Capitalized to software and patent costs 
 Total stock-based compensation 

The following table sets forth total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested stock-based awards granted under the Company s equity compensation plans: 

Total unrecognized compensation costs will be adjusted for any future forfeitures if and when they occur. 
 
 The Company expects to recognize the total unrecognized compensation costs as of December 31, 2022 for all non-vested stock-based awards over weighted average periods through December 31, 2026 as follows: 

As of December 31, 2022 , under the Company s stock-based compensation plan, an additional shares remained available for future grants. The Company issues new shares upon exercises of stock options, grants of restricted stock awards and vesting of RSU and PSU awards. 
 
 Stock Option Activity 
 
 The following tables present the outstanding stock option activity: 

Granted 
 Exercised 
 Forfeited or expired 
 Options outstanding, December 31, 2021 
 Granted 
 Exercised 
 Forfeited or expired 
 Options outstanding, December 31, 2022 
 Options exercisable, December 31, 2022 
 Options unvested, December 31, 2022 

The aggregate intrinsic value is based on the closing price of per share of Digimarc common stock on December 30, 2022, which would have been received by the optionees had all of the options with exercise prices less than per share been exercised on that date. 
 
 The following table summarizes information about stock option awards outstanding December 31, 2022 : 

25.01 - 34.99 - - 
 35.01 - 39.54 
 15.36 - 39.54 

Restricted Stock Activity 
 
 The following table reconciles the unvested balance of restricted stock awards: 

Granted 
 Vested 
 Forfeited 
 Unvested balance, December 31, 2021 
 Granted 
 Vested 
 Forfeited 
 Unvested balance, December 31, 2022 

The fair value of restricted stock awards vested is as follows: 

Restricted Stock Units Activity 
 
 The following table reconciles the unvested balance of restricted stock unit awards: 

Granted 
 Vested 
 Forfeited 
 Unvested balance, December 31, 2021 
 Granted 
 Vested 
 Forfeited 
 Unvested balance, December 31, 2022 

The fair value of RSU awards vested is as follows: 

Performance Restricted Stock Units Activity 
 
 The following table reconciles the unvested balance of performance restricted stock unit awards: 

Granted 
 Vested 
 Forfeited 
 Unvested balance, December 31, 2020 
 Granted 
 Vested (1) 
 Forfeited (1) 
 Unvested balance, December 31, 2021 
 Granted 
 Vested 
 Forfeited 
 Unvested balance, December 31, 2022 

(1) Includes the impact of the modification of 21 PRSUs which were cancelled and reissued at a grant date fair value of 28.93. 

The fair value of PRSU awards vested is as follows: 

Weighted average common shares outstanding basic 
 Basic loss per common share 
 
 Diluted Loss per Common Share: 
 Net loss attributable to common shares diluted 
 Weighted average common shares outstanding diluted 
 Diluted loss per common share 

The following table indicates the common stock equivalents related to stock options, RSUs and PRSUs that were anti-dilutive and excluded from diluted earnings per common share calculations: 

Net loss 

Trade accounts receivable, long-term 
 Allowance for doubtful accounts 
 Trade accounts receivable, net 
 Unpaid deferred revenue included in trade accounts receivable 

Allowance for doubtful accounts 
 
 The allowance for doubtful accounts is the Company s best estimate of the amount of probable credit losses in the Company s existing trade accounts receivable. The Company determines the allowance based on historical write-off experience and current information. The Company reviews its allowance for doubtful accounts each reporting period. Account balances are charged against the allowance after all means of collection have been exhausted and the potential for recovery is considered remote. 
 
 Unpaid deferred revenue 
 
 The unpaid deferred revenue that is included in trade accounts receivable is billed in accordance with the provisions of the contracts with the Company s customers. 
 
 Major customers 
 
 The following customers accounted for 10 or more of trade accounts receivable, net: 

Company B 
 Company C 

Less than 10 

to EVRYTHNG at an interest rate of per annum. The aggregate outstanding balance of the loan, with accrued interest, was as of December 31, 2021. 

On January 3, 2022, the Company completed its acquisition of EVRYTHNG. The loan balance was included in loan payable to related party in the purchase price allocation, as the liability was assumed by the combined company. The loan payable balance is eliminated in consolidation in the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2022. 

, which included the fair value of the shares issued of common stock of the Company of and the warrants issued to purchase shares of common stock of the Company of . The fair value of the warrants was determined using the Black-Scholes option pricing model using the Company s stock price on the date of issuance of , the strike price on the warrants of and expected volatility of . The aggregate preliminary purchase price also included of cash paid by the Company to pay closing costs on behalf of the EVRYTHNG sellers, less cash acquired of . A portion of the consideration was held back by the Company to secure any post-closing adjustments to the initial consideration and the indemnification obligations of the EVRYTHNG sellers. 
 
 In August 2022, the Company issued additional shares of common stock of the Company at the fair value of , that were originally held back for post-closing adjustments. 
 
 In January 2023, the Company issued additional shares of common stock of the Company at the fair value of , that were originally held back for indemnification obligations. 
 
 The following table presents the final purchase price allocation: 

Other current assets 
 Property and equipment, net 
 Lease right of use assets and other long-term assets 
 Intangibles 
 Goodwill 
 Accounts payable and other accrued liabilities 
 Deferred revenue 
 Loan payable to related party 
 Lease liability and other long-term liabilities 
 Total purchase price 

The Company allocated of the purchase price to intangible assets, which was comprised of of developed technology and of customer relationships. Goodwill recognized of from the acquisition was primarily attributed to an assembled workforce and expected synergies. The Company incurred transaction costs related to the acquisition of during 2021 and in 2022, respectively. 
 
 Developed Technology 
 
 Developed technology primarily consists of intellectual property of proprietary software products and platforms that are marketed for sale. The Company valued the developed technology by applying the cost method. The significant assumption and estimate used under the cost method was development costs. The Company is amortizing the developed technology intangible asset on a straight-line basis over an estimated useful life of five years. 
 
 Customer Relationships 
 
 The Company recorded the customer relationships intangible asset separately from goodwill based on determination of the length, strength and contractual nature of the relationships that EVRYTHNG shared with its customers. The Company valued the single group of customer relationships using the multi-period excess earnings method, which is an income approach. The significant assumptions used in the income approach include estimates about future expected cash flows from customer contracts, the customer attrition rate and the discount rate. The Company is amortizing the customer relationships intangible asset on a straight-line basis over an estimated useful life of 10 years. 
 
 The following unaudited pro forma consolidated results of operations include the financial results of Digimarc and EVRYTHNG assuming the acquisition was completed on January 1, 2021, the beginning of the earliest period presented. Pro forma adjustments are primarily comprised of amortization expense on acquired intangible assets, transaction expenses and the elimination of EVRYTHNG s historical interest expense on long-term debt that was settled at closing. The pro forma results of operations are presented for informational purposes only and are not indicative of the results of operations that would have been achieved or of results that may occur in the future. 

Net loss 
 Loss per common share: 
 Basic 
 Diluted 

Software 
 Equipment 
 Leasehold improvements 
 Gross property and equipment 
 Less accumulated depreciation and amortization 
 Property and equipment, net 

Goodwill acquired on January 3, 2022 and measurement period adjustments (1) 
 Currency translation adjustments 
 Balance at December 31, 2022 

1 Measurement period adjustments include adjustments to acquired intangible assets, accounts receivable, income tax receivables, deferred revenue, and accounts payable as well as the release of holdback shares. 

- 
 
 Intangible assets acquired: 
 Purchased intellectual property 
 Developed technology 
 Customer relationships 
 Gross intangible assets 
 Accumulated amortization 
 Intangibles, net 

Amortization expense on intangible assets was as follows: 

For intangible assets recorded at December 31, 2022 , the estimated future aggregate amortization expense for the years ending December 31, 2023 through December 31, 2026 is as follows: 

2024 
 2025 
 2026 
 2027 

plus operating expenses, payable in monthly installments. The Company stopped using this office space as its corporate headquarters in 2022 and is marketing the office space for sublease. 

The Company entered into a sublease agreement and lease extension agreement for another facility in Beaverton, Oregon in
 2022 to move the Company s corporate headquarters. The term of the sublease and lease extension runs through 
 September 2030. The remaining rent payments as of
 December 31, 2022 were 
 plus operating expenses, payable in monthly installments. The
 first 
 26 months of rent payments and operating expenses are abated to cover the remaining lease term on the Company s prior corporate headquarters.

The Company leases office space in London, England under an existing lease entered into by EVRYTHNG in
 July 2019. The term of the lease runs through
 July 2023. The remaining rent payments as of
 December 31, 2022 were
 plus operating expenses, payable in quarterly installments.

All of the Company s leases are operating leases. The following table provides additional details of leases presented in the Consolidated Balance Sheets: 

Lease liabilities, current 
 Lease liabilities, long-term 
 
 Weighted-average remaining life (in years) 
 Weighted-average discount rate 

The current lease liabilities are included in accounts payable and other accrued liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 The carrying value of the lease right of use assets is evaluated for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable. The Company recorded an impairment of lease right of use assets and leasehold improvements of in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The impairment was triggered when the Company vacated its prior corporate offices in the United States and United Kingdom. The impairment charge was determined by comparing the carrying value of the assets to the net present value of estimated cash flows from the future sublease of the office spaces over their remaining lease terms. 
 
 Operating lease expense is included in cost of revenue and operating expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and in cash flows from operating activities in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. The operating leases include variable lease payments, which are included in operating lease expense. Additional details of the Company s operating leases are presented in the following table: 

Cash paid for operating leases 

The table below reconciles the cash payment obligations for the first five years and total of the remaining years for the operating lease liability recorded in the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2022: 

2024 
 2025 
 2026 
 2027 
 Thereafter 
 Total lease payments 
 Imputed interest 
 Total minimum lease payments 

(the Note ), pursuant to the Paycheck Protection Program (the PPP under the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act ). 
 
 The Note was to mature two years from the disbursement date and bore interest at a rate of per annum, with the first six months of interest deferred. Principal and interest were payable monthly commencing six months after the disbursement date and could have been prepaid by the Company at any time prior to maturity with no prepayment penalties. 
 
 Under the terms of the CARES Act, PPP loan recipients can apply for and be granted forgiveness for all or a portion of loans granted under the PPP. The Note was subject to forgiveness to the extent proceeds were used for payroll costs, including payments required to continue group health care benefits, and certain rent, utility, and mortgage interest expenses (collectively, Qualifying Expenses ), pursuant to the terms and limitations of the PPP. The Company believes that it used all of the proceeds from the Note for Qualifying Expenses. 
 
 On June 29, 2020, the Company was notified by Stearns Bank, N.A. that the Note was transferred to The Loan Source, Inc., (the Lender who became responsible for servicing the Note, including administering loan forgiveness. 
 
 On September 15, 2020, the Company filed its application for forgiveness of the Note. The application was reviewed by the Lender and submitted to the Small Business Administration SBA for approval on December 17, 2020. 
 
 On September 29, 2021, the Company received confirmation from the Lender that the Note had been forgiven with respect to both the principal of and accrued interest of , and that the funds had been received from the SBA to pay off the Note. The SBA reserves the right to audit any PPP loan. The Company recognized a gain on extinguishment of the Note within other income in the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the year-ended December 31, 2021. 

shares of preferred stock, par value per share. The Board of Directors has the authority to issue the undesignated preferred stock in one or more series and to determine the powers, preferences and rights and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions granted to or imposed upon any wholly unissued series of undesignated preferred stock and to fix the number of shares constituting any series and the designation of such series, without any further vote or action by the shareholders. The issuance of preferred stock may have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change of control of the Company without further action by shareholders and may adversely affect the voting and other rights of the holders of common stock. 
 
 The Board of Directors authorized 10 shares of Series A Redeemable Nonvoting Preferred stock Series A Preferred that were issued to certain executive officers at the time of formation. The Series A Preferred has no voting rights, except as required by law, and may be redeemed at the option of the Company s Board of Directors at any time. 

The Series A Preferred is redeemable based on the stated fair value of per share. The Series A Preferred has dividend rights and rights to the undistributed earnings of the Company. 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 In June 2008, the Board of Directors authorized shares of common stock, par value per share. The holders of Digimarc common stock are entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters submitted to a vote of its shareholders, including the election of directors. Subject to preferences that may be granted to any then outstanding preferred stock, holders of common stock are entitled to receive ratably those dividends as may be declared by the Board of Directors out of funds legally available for such purpose, as well as any distributions to the Company s shareholders. In the event of the Company s liquidation, dissolution or winding up, holders of common stock are entitled to share ratably in all of the Company s assets remaining after payment of liabilities and the liquidation preference of any then outstanding preferred stock. Holders of common stock have no preemptive or other subscription or conversion rights. There are no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to the common stock. All outstanding shares of common stock are fully paid and non-assessable. 
 
 In May 2019, the Company entered into an Equity Distribution Agreement, whereby the Company may sell from time to time through Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, as its sales agent, the Company s common stock having an aggregate offering price of up to . 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022 , the Company sold shares at an average price of under this Equity Distribution Agreement totaling of cash proceeds, less of commissions and of stock issuance costs. There were shares sold for the year ended December 31, 2021 . 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 , remained available for future issuance under the Equity Distribution Agreement. 

Stock Incentive Plan 

In
 March 2018, the Company s Board of Directors approved the
 2018 Incentive Plan 2018 Plan which was later approved by the Company s shareholders at the Company s
 2018 Annual Meeting of Shareholders in
 April 2018. The
 2018 Plan replaced the
 2008 Incentive Plan 2008 Plan ). The
 2018 Plan provides for the grant of incentive and non-qualified stock options, stock appreciation rights, stock awards, restricted stock awards, restricted stock units, performance shares, performance units, and other stock or cash-based awards, which
 may be granted to officers, directors, employees, consultants, agents, advisors and independent contractors who provide services to the Company and its affiliated companies.

The
 2018 Plan authorizes the issuance of
 shares of common stock. In addition, up to
 shares of common stock subject to awards outstanding under the
 2008 Plan became available for issuance under
 2018 Plan to the extent that those shares cease to be subject to the awards (as a result of, for example, expiration, cancellation or forfeiture of the award). The shares authorized under the
 2018 Plan are subject to adjustment in the event of a stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization or similar event. Shares issued under the
 2018 Plan will consist of authorized and unissued shares or shares held by the Company as treasury shares. If an award granted under the
 2018 Plan lapses, expires, terminates or is forfeited or surrendered without having been fully exercised or without the issuance of all the shares subject to the award, the shares covered by that award will again be available for issuance under the
 2018 Plan. Shares that are (i) tendered by a participant or retained by the Company as payment for the purchase price of an award or to satisfy tax withholding obligations or (ii) covered by an award that is settled in cash, or in some manner that some or all of the shares covered by the award are
 not issued, will again be available for issuance under the
 2018 Plan. In addition, awards granted as substitute awards in connection with acquisition transactions will
 not reduce the number of shares authorized for issuance under the
 2018 Plan.

Registered Direct Offering 
 
 On April 5, 2022, the Company entered into purchase agreements with certain investors providing for the issuance and sale by the Company of common shares in a registered direct offering. The common shares were offered at a price of per share, and the gross cash proceeds to the Company were . The Company incurred of legal costs related to the offering. The closing of the registered direct offering occurred on April 7, 2022. 

of their pay to the Plan, subject to the limitations of the Internal Revenue Service Code. Company matching contributions are mandatory under the Plan. 
 
 The Company made matching contributions in the aggregate amount as follows: 

State 
 Foreign 
 Sub-total 
 Deferred: 
 Federal 
 State 
 Foreign 
 Sub-total 
 Total 

The reconciliation of the statutory federal income tax rate to the Company s effective income tax rate is as follows: 

(Increases) decreases resulting from: 
 Change in valuation allowance 
 NOL surrendered for refundable tax credit 
 Foreign research deductions and credits 
 Federal and state research and experimentation credits 
 State income taxes, net of federal tax benefit 
 Other 
 Total 

Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. The tax effects of significant items comprising the Company s deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are as follows: 

Federal and state research and experimentation credits 
 Research and experimental costs 
 ASC 842 - lease liabilities 
 Stock based compensation 
 Deferred social security tax 
 Fixed asset differences 
 Intangible asset differences 
 Goodwill 
 Accrued compensation 
 Other 
 Total gross deferred tax assets 
 Less valuation allowance 
 Net deferred tax assets 
 
 Deferred tax liabilities: 
 Patent expenditures 
 ASC 842 - right of use assets 
 Fixed asset differences 
 Intangible asset differences 
 Total gross deferred tax liabilities 
 Total net deferred tax assets and liabilities 

The Company had a valuation allowance of and on deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively, an increase of during the year ended December 31, 2022 . 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 , the Company has federal and state net operating loss carryforwards of and , respectively, which have a carryforward of years to indefinite depending on the jurisdiction. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, the Company has federal and state research and experimental tax credits of and , respectively, which have a carryforward of to years depending on the jurisdiction. 

A summary reconciliation of the Company s uncertain tax positions is as follows: 

Addition for current year tax positions 
 Addition for prior year tax positions 
 Reduction for prior year positions 
 Reduction for prior year positions resolved during the current year 
 Ending balance 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , the Company recognized accrued interest and penalties associated with uncertain tax positions of and , respectively. The Company does not anticipate any of its unrecognized benefits will significantly increase or decrease within the next 12 months. 
 
 The Company's open tax years subject to examination in the U.S. federal jurisdiction are 2019 through 2021, in applicable state jurisdictions for the tax years 2019 through 2021, and in applicable foreign jurisdictions for tax year 2021. To the extent allowed by law, the taxing authorities may have the right to examine prior periods where net operating losses or tax credits were generated and carried forward, and make adjustments up to the amount of the net operating loss or tax credit carryforward. 

. The Company currently estimates that it will incur one -time cash charges of approximately million, primarily consisting of an estimated million in cash severance payments, and million in other cash related costs. The Company estimates an additional stock compensation charge of approximately million. The Company expects that most of these charges will be incurred and the reduction in force will be substantially complete in the first quarter of 2023. 
 
 In aggregate, over the next twelve months, the reduction in force is expected to result in approximately million in annual cash savings for the Company, comprising salaries of million and payroll taxes and benefits of million. The Company also estimates annual stock compensation savings of approximately million. 
 
 The Company may incur other charges or cash expenditures not currently contemplated due to unanticipated events that may occur as a result of or in connection with the implementation of the Plan. 

F-25

<EX-10.3>
 2
 ex_471946.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.3

ex_471946.htm 

Exhibit 10.3 

CERTAIN INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS DOCUMENT HAS BEEN EXCLUDED AND REPLACED BY [ ] BECAUSE IT IS BOTH NOT MATERIAL AND IS THE TYPE THAT THE REGISTRANT TREATS AS PRIVATE OR CONFIDENTIAL. 

AMENDMENT TO COUNTERFEIT DETERRENCE SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT AND LICENSE AGREEMENT 

This is an Amendment to the Counterfeit Deterrence System Development and License Agreement DLA of January 1, 2013, between Digimarc Corporation, a corporation incorporated under the laws of Oregon and having its head office at 8500 SW Creekside Place, Beaverton, Oregon, U.S.A. 97008 Digimarc and Bank for International Settlements, created pursuant to The Hague Agreements of January 1930 having its head office at Centralbahnplatz 2, CH-4051 Basel, Switzerland BIS ). 

This Amendment is effective January 1, 2023. 

The parties agree to amend the DLA as follows: 

Change Digimarc s address to 8500 SW Creekside Place, Beaverton, Oregon, U.S.A. 97008. 

After the last WHEREAS clause, add a new WHEREAS clause as follows: 

WHEREAS: 

The parties wish to extend this Counterfeit Deterrence System Development and License Agreement by entering into an Amendment effective 1 January 2023. 

Delete the definition of Pricing Formula . 

Replace the definition of Term with the following: 

Term means the period commencing on the Effective Date and ending on 31 December 2029; 

Add new Clause 2.15 as follows: 

Digimarc shall, through the timely and diligent provision of the Services set out in this Agreement and the TAP, or as a result of any other reasonable request made by the CBCDG from time to time, support the CBCDG to develop internal expertise with respect to the CDS and the Services. 

Add to the end of Clause 3.5 the following: 

The CBCDG Project Director and the Digimarc Project Director will work together to encourage retention of Key Personnel and other Digimarc staff, in order to ensure a continued high quality Service delivery and individual staff development. For greater certainty, this shall include [ ] as well as, in consultation with the Digimarc Project Director, presenting Key Personnel and other Digimarc staff with any relevant information regarding the CDS project and the potential evolution of their role therein as may from time to time be requested by the CBCDG. 

Replace Clause 3.8 with the following: 

Digimarc shall report on progress of the Services in the format and with the frequency directed in writing by the CBCDG Project Director. Digimarc will attend such review meetings as requested by the CBCDG Project Director. During these meetings the parties will review technical, planning and resource matters. Each such meeting will be held at a mutually agreeable date and location. At least half of the review meetings will be held at Digimarc unless the parties agree otherwise. 

In Clause 6.8 change [ ] to [ ] . 

Delete Clause 6.9. 

Replace Clause 6.10 with the following: 

If an approved Plan Budget for any of calendar is at least [ ], but does not amount to at least [ ], the CBCDG Contract Authority shall pay Digimarc all of its actual and reasonable costs incurred in connection with the reduced Plan Budget including: 

(i) 

third party contract termination costs; 

(ii) 

employee re-deployment or termination costs including severance, outplacement, benefits, acceleration of stock compensation, employer paid payroll taxes; and 

(iii) accounting, legal and travel costs associated with the reduced Plan Budget and related negotiations. 

Digimarc shall use commercially reasonable efforts to mitigate all such costs. 

Replace Clause 10.3(b) with the following: 

(b) until the last day of the Term, every [ ] provided by Digimarc to any Person for incorporation into any Device shall be capable of meeting the performance criteria which formed part of the Specifications for the major version number of that [ ] was last released by the CBCDG under this Agreement. 

Replace Clause 15.7 with the following: 

Actual and reasonable Termination Costs shall be capped [ ]. 

[ ] 

Replace Clause 15.9 with the following: 

If an approved Plan Budget for any calendar year does not amount to at least [ ], Digimarc has the option to consider this a termination for convenience. If Digimarc exercises this option, Digimarc shall be paid the amounts in clauses 15.6-15.8. Within [ ] months of the approval of a Plan Budget below [ ], Digimarc can exercise the option with notice. If Digimarc exercises this option, the Agreement will terminate [ ] months after notice from Digimarc. 

Add new Clause 15.13 as follows: 

Notwithstanding the above, the BIS may also terminate the Agreement for convenience without cause after [ ], by giving at least [ ] years prior written notice of such termination to Digimarc. If the BIS provides such [ ] year notice, Digimarc [ ]. 

Clause 17.1, delete fax, or . 

Replace Clause 17.2 with the following: 

Any notice to Digimarc shall be sent to, and any notice from Digimarc shall be sent by: 

Mr. Joel Meyer 

Executive Vice President and 

Chief Legal Officer and Secretary 

Digimarc Corporation 

8500 SW Creekside Place 

Beaverton, Oregon 97008 USA 

With a copy to: Mr. George Rieck 

Vice President, Government Programs and 

Digimarc Project Director 

Digimarc Corporation 

8500 SW Creekside Place 

Beaverton, Oregon 97008 USA 

In Clause 17.3, delete the four lines with facsimile numbers. 

In Clause 18.1(c) at the end add: unless otherwise set out in the Agreement. 

Replace Schedule A System Description, Schedule B Digimarc Technology, Schedule C Project Technology and Schedule F Allowable Costs.as provided below. 

In case of a conflict between the terms of this Amendment and the DLA, the terms of this Amendment control. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , this Amendment has been executed and delivered by the parties hereto as follows: 

BANK FOR INTERNATIONAL DIGIMARC CORPORATION 

SETTLEMENTS 

_______________________________ __________________________________ 

Signature Signature 

Name: [ ] Name: Riley McCormack 

Title: [ ] Title: President Chief Executive Officer 

Date: December 1, 2022 Date: November 17, 2022 

_______________________________ 

Signature 

Name: [ ] 

Title: [ ] 

Date: December 1, 2022 

CERTAIN INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS DOCUMENT HAS BEEN EXCLUDED AND REPLACED BY [ ] BECAUSE IT IS BOTH NOT MATERIAL AND IS THE TYPE THAT THE REGISTRANT TREATS AS PRIVATE OR CONFIDENTIAL.

Schedule A System Description 

1.0 GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE COUNTERFEIT DETERRENCE SYSTEM ("CDS") 

The CDS is a system for the deterrence of the unauthorized digital [ ] by the use of personal computer-based equipment. [ ] 

The capitalized terms in this Schedule A have the meanings provided in the Renewed and Extended Counterfeit Deterrence System Development and License Agreement and are not elaborated herein. 

2.0 FUNCTIONAL DESCRIPTION OF THE CDS 

The CDS is comprised of the following three subsystems: 

1. [ ] 

2. [ ] 

3. [ ] 

The functions of the various subsystems and components described below may be changed by the [ ]. 

2.1 [ ] 

2.1.1 [ ] 

1. [ ] 

2. [ ] 

3. [ ] 

2.1.2 [ ] 

1. [ ] 

2. [ ] 

3. [ ] 2.2 [ ] 

1. [ ] 

2. [ ] 

3. [ ] 

4. [ ] 

5. [ ] 

(a) [ ] 

 (b) [ ] 

 (c) [ ] 

6. [ ] 

7. [ ] 

CERTAIN INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS DOCUMENT HAS BEEN EXCLUDED AND REPLACED BY [ ] BECAUSE IT IS BOTH NOT MATERIAL AND IS THE TYPE THAT THE REGISTRANT TREATS AS PRIVATE OR CONFIDENTIAL.

Schedule B Digimarc Technology 

The Digimarc Technology includes techniques and system applications for [ ]. 

This technology is partially described in the following issued representative U.S. and International patents: 

 US 5,636,292 C1 

 US 5,710,834 

 US 5,721,788 

 US 5,745,604 

 US 5,748,763 

 US 5,768,426 

 US 5,809,160 

 US 5,832,119 C1 

 US 5,850,481 C1 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

 [ ] 

CERTAIN INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS DOCUMENT HAS BEEN EXCLUDED AND REPLACED BY [ ] BECAUSE IT IS BOTH NOT MATERIAL AND IS THE TYPE THAT THE REGISTRANT TREATS AS PRIVATE OR CONFIDENTIAL.

Schedule C Project Technology 

The Project Technology includes: 

1. The modification of techniques for using the Digimarc Technology and the BIS Technology in the [ ]. 

2. The effects and behaviors of [ ] when used in [ ]. 

3. The effects of various types [ ]. 

4. Improvements to Digimarc s testing and certification processes used in testing and certifying [ ]. 

5. The improvement of [ ]. 

6. The use of [ ]. 

7. Examples of Project Technology include: 

CERTAIN INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS DOCUMENT HAS BEEN EXCLUDED AND REPLACED BY [ ] BECAUSE IT IS BOTH NOT MATERIAL AND IS THE TYPE THAT THE REGISTRANT TREATS AS PRIVATE OR CONFIDENTIAL.

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

CERTAIN INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS DOCUMENT HAS BEEN EXCLUDED AND REPLACED BY [ ] BECAUSE IT IS BOTH NOT MATERIAL AND IS THE TYPE THAT THE REGISTRANT TREATS AS PRIVATE OR CONFIDENTIAL.

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

CERTAIN INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS DOCUMENT HAS BEEN EXCLUDED AND REPLACED BY [ ] BECAUSE IT IS BOTH NOT MATERIAL AND IS THE TYPE THAT THE REGISTRANT TREATS AS PRIVATE OR CONFIDENTIAL.

Schedule F Allowable Costs 

1. 

For the purposes of this Schedule F: 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

2. [ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

3. [ ] 

4. [ ] 

5. [ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

6. [ ] 

(a) [ ] 

(b) [ ] 

(i) [ ] 

(ii) [ ] 

(iii) [ ] 

(iv) [ ] 

(v) [ ] 

(vi) [ ] 

7. [ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

</EX-10.3>

<EX-10.25>
 3
 ex_471965.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.25

ex_471965.htm 

Exhibit 10.25 

AMENDMENT NO. 1 
 TO 
 EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 

THIS AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (this Amendment is entered into on February 27, 2023, at Beaverton, Oregon, between Digimarc Corporation, an Oregon corporation Digimarc with offices at 8500 SW Creekside Place, Beaverton, Oregon, 97008, and Riley McCormack Executive ). 

WITNESSETH: 

WHEREAS, Executive and Digimarc entered into that certain Employment Agreement, dated effective April 12, 2021 (the Employment Agreement ), to agree on the terms of Executive s employment with Digimarc, including Executive s compensation; 

WHEREAS, effective as of the beginning of the 2022 compensation year, the mutual intent of Executive and Digimarc has been that Executive s compensation would be determined by the Compensation and Talent Management Committee of Digimarc s Board of Directors; and 

WHEREAS, Executive and Digimarc now desire to amend the Employment Agreement to reflect the original intent of the parties with respect to Executive s compensation from 2022 onwards. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and in consideration of the mutual promises and agreements contained herein, the parties hereto agree as follows: 

1. 

Amendment. 

The first paragraph of Section 4 and all of Section 4(a) and 4(b) of the Employment Agreement are hereby amended and restated in their entirety as follows: 

Executive s compensation for services to the Company beginning on January 1, 2022, will be reviewed and determined from time to time, but at least annually, by the Compensation and Talent Management Committee of the Board (the Compensation Committee ). During the Term, Executive shall cease to receive any compensation under the Company s nonemployee director compensation policy but shall continue to vest in any awards previously granted to him as a Director, in accordance with and subject to the applicable award agreement(s) and plan documents. 

(a) 

Salary . During the Term, Executive will be paid an annual base salary and may be entitled to receive additional incentive or other compensation, in each case as determined from time to time at the discretion of the Compensation Committee. All compensation and comparable payments to be paid to Executive under this Agreement shall be less withholdings required by law. 

(b) 

Equity Compensation . During the Term, the Executive may be awarded such equity compensation as the Compensation Committee may determine in its discretion, provided that any such awards shall be subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Digimarc Corporation 2018 Incentive Plan, including the provisions on tax withholding therein. 

2. 

Ratification of Other Provisions. 

Except as set forth in this Amendment, the Employment Agreement shall remain in full force and effective, according to its terms. 

3. 

Governing Law. 

This Amendment shall be interpreted, construed, and enforced in all respects in accordance with the laws of the State of Florida. 

4. 

Employee Acknowledgment. 

Executive acknowledges that he has had the opportunity to consult legal counsel in regard to this Amendment, that he has read and understands this Amendment, that he is fully aware of its legal effect, and that he has entered into it freely and voluntarily and based on his own judgment and not on any representations or promises other than those contained in this Amendment. 

[ Signature Page Follows ] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this Amendment on the date first set forth above. 

DIGIMARC CORPORATION 

			 By: /s/ Joel Meyer 
			Name: Joel Meyer 
			Its: Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary 

EXECUTIVE 

			 /s/ Riley McCormack 
			Riley McCormack 

</EX-10.25>

<EX-21.1>
 4
 ex_460645.htm
 EXHIBIT 21.1

ex_460645.htm 

Exhibit 21.1 

List of Subsidiaries 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 

Name of Affiliate or Entity 

Place of 
			Incorporation 

Attributor Corporation (100 ownership) 

Oregon 

TVaura LLC (51 ownership) 

Delaware 

TVaura Mobile LLC (49 ownership) 

Delaware 

Digimarc GmbH (100 ownership) 

Germany 

EVRYTHNG Limited (100 ownership) 

United Kingdom 

EVRYTHNG Sarl (100 ownership) 

Switzerland 

EVRYTHNG Beijing Information Technology Ltd. (100 ownership) 

China 

EVRYTHNG Inc. (100 ownership) 

Delaware 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 5
 ex_460646.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.1

ex_460646.htm 

Exhibit 23.1 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements (No. 333-262230, 333-196035, 333-224876, and 333-154524) on Forms S-8 and registration statement (No. 333-262229, 333-258584 and 333-238995) on Form S-3 of our report dated March 2, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Digimarc Corporation. 

/s/ KPMG LLP 

Portland, Oregon 

 March 2, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 ex_460647.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

ex_460647.htm 

Exhibit 31.1 

DIGIMARC CORPORATION 

 CERTIFICATION 

I, Riley McCormack, certify that: 

1. 

I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Digimarc Corporation; 

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 

The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 

The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 2, 2023 

By: 

/S/ RILEY MCCORMACK 

RILEY MCCORMACK 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 ex_460648.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

ex_460648.htm 

Exhibit 31.2 

DIGIMARC CORPORATION 

 CERTIFICATION 

I, Charles Beck, certify that: 

1. 

I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Digimarc Corporation; 

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 

The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 

The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 2, 2023 

By: 

/S/ CHARLES BECK 

CHARLES BECK 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 ex_460649.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

ex_460649.htm 

Exhibit 32.1 

DIGIMARC CORPORATION 

 CERTIFICATION 

In connection with the Annual Report of Digimarc Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Riley McCormack, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certify as of the date hereof, solely for purposes of Title 18, Chapter 63, Section 1350 of the U.S. Code, that to the best of my knowledge: 

1. 

The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and 

2. 

The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company at the dates and for the periods indicated. 

This Certification has not been, and shall not be deemed, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Date: March 2, 2023 

By: 

/S/ RILEY MCCORMACK 

RILEY MCCORMACK 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 ex_460650.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

ex_460650.htm 

Exhibit 32.2 

DIGIMARC CORPORATION 

 CERTIFICATION 

In connection with the Annual Report of Digimarc Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Charles Beck, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certify as of the date hereof, solely for purposes of Title 18, Chapter 63, Section 1350 of the U.S. Code, that to the best of my knowledge: 

1. 

The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and 

2. 

The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company at the dates and for the periods indicated. 

This Certification has not been, and shall not be deemed, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Date: March 2, 2023 

By: 

/S/ Charles Beck 

Charles Beck 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 dmrc-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 dmrc-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 dmrc-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 dmrc-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 dmrc-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

