<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1084267_0001683168-23-002071.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6452833</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>319107</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1867444</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1451230</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1267989</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1401813</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001683168-23-002071.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331160125
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-23-002071
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		68
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Mobiquity Technologies, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001084267
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-ADVERTISING [7310]
		IRS NUMBER:				113427886
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NY
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41117
		FILM NUMBER:		23787372

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		35 TORRINGTON LANE
		CITY:			SHOREHAM
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11786
		BUSINESS PHONE:		516-256-7766

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		35 TORRINGTON LANE
		CITY:			SHOREHAM
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11786

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ACE MARKETING & PROMOTIONS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19990414

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001683168-23-002071.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 mobiquity_i10k-123122.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

Table of Contents 

MOBIQUITY TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR
15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED , 2022 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13
OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For the transition period from _____ to _____ 

COMMISSION FILE NUMBER: 

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State of jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employee 
 Identification Number) 

, 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant's telephone number, including area code: 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

The Stock Market LLC 

The Stock Market LLC 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Check whether the Registrant is not required to
file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant
has submitted electronically, every Interactive data file required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller reporting company ,
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one) 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the
registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the
Act). Yes No 

 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required
a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant
recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

As of June 30, 2022, the number of shares of Common
Stock held by non-affiliates was approximately 5,362,000 shares based upon 8,362,084 shares of Common Stock outstanding. The approximate
market value based on the last sale (i.e. 1.43 per share as of June 30, 2022) of the Company s Common Stock held by non-affiliates
was approximately . 

The number of shares outstanding of the Registrant s Common
Stock as of March 29, 2023, was 
(excluding pre-funded warrants to purchase 1,250,000 shares). 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

We believe this annual report
contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements
are subject to risks and uncertainties and are based on the beliefs and assumptions of our management, based on information currently
available to our management. When we use words such as believes, expects, anticipates, intends, 
 plans, estimates, should, likely or similar expressions, we are making forward-looking
statements. Forward-looking statements include information concerning our possible or assumed future results of operations set forth under
 Business and/or Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. Forward-looking
statements are not guarantees of performance. They involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Our future results and stockholder values
may differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements. Many of the factors that will determine these results and
values are beyond our ability to control or predict. Stockholders are cautioned not to put undue reliance on any forward-looking statements.
For those statements, we claim the protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation
Reform Act of 1995. For a discussion of some of the factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those suggested by
the forward-looking statements, please read carefully the information under Risk Factors. In addition to the Risk Factors
and other important factors discussed elsewhere in this annual report, you should understand that other risks and uncertainties and our
public announcements and filings under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended could affect our future results and could cause
results to differ materially from those suggested by the forward-looking statements. 

As used in this Form 10-K,
the terms we, our, us, Mobiquity Technologies or the Company refer
to Mobiquity Technologies, Inc. and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, unless the context otherwise requires it. 

Our financial statements are
stated in United States dollars (US and are prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in the United States.
All references to common stock refer to the common shares in our capital stock. 

i 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PAGE 

PART I 
 1 
 
 Item 1 Business 
 1 
 
 Item 1A Risk Factors 
 10 
 
 Item 1B Unresolved Staff Comments 
 32 
 
 Item 2 Properties 
 32 
 
 Item 3 Legal Proceedings 
 32 
 
 Item 4 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 32 

PART II 
 33 
 
 Item 5 Market for Common Equity, related Stockholders Matters, and Issuer 
 33 
 
 Item 6 Selected Financial Data 
 36 
 
 Item 7 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 36 
 
 Item 7A Qualitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 47 
 
 Item 8 Financial Statements 
 48 
 
 Item 9 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 80 
 
 Item 9A Controls and Procedures 
 81 
 
 Item 9B Other Information 

PART III 
 82 
 
 Item 10 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 82 
 
 Item 11 Executive Compensation 
 86 
 
 Item 12 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 93 
 
 Item 13 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 94 
 
 Item 14 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 96 

PART IV 
 98 
 
 Item 15 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 98 

ii 

PART I 

Item 1. Business 

Company Background 

Mobiquity Technologies, Inc. is a next-generation advertising technology,
data compliance and intelligence company which operates through our various proprietary software platforms. Our product solutions are
comprised of three proprietary software platforms: 

Advertising Technology Operating System (ATOS Platform) 

Data Intelligence Platform 

Publisher Platform for Monetization and Compliance 

Our Products 

The ATOS Platform 

Our ATOS platform blends artificial intelligence
(or AI) and machine learning (ML) based optimization technology for automatic ad serving that manages digital advertising inventory and
campaigns. The ATOS platform: 

creates an automated marketplace of advertisers and publishers on digital media outlets to host online auctions to facilitate the sale of digital advertising (known as digital real estate) targeted at users while engaged on their internet-connected TV, laptop, tablet, desktop computer, mobile, and over-the-top (or OTT) streaming media devices; and 

gives advertisers the capability to understand and interact with their audiences and engage them in a meaningful way by using ads in both image and video formats (known as rich media) to increase their awareness, customer base and traffic to their e-commerce site, voting site or physical locations. 

Screenshot of ATOS Platform Campaign Management landing page. 

1 

Our ATOS platform engages with an average of approximately
10 billion advertisement opportunities per day, based on our daily logs. Our sales and marketing strategy for our ATOS platform is focused
on providing a de-fragmented operating system that facilitates a considerably more efficient and effective way for advertisers and publishers
to transact with each other. Our goal is to become the programmatic display advertising industry standard for brands directly and small
and medium sized advertisers. 

Our ATOS technology is proprietary and primarily
consists of know-how and trade secrets developed internally, as well as certain open-source software. 

Users of the ATOS platform
get access to benefits including among other things: 

ease of set up; 

targeting features based on audience profiles and location and context through an in-house data management platform (or DMP); 

Inventory management and yield optimization; 

support for all rich media creators ad tags; 

machine learning and AI powered optimization which aids in delivering a higher click through rate on ad links; 

support for third-party trackers and custom scripts for make-the-most-of-your media (or MOAT) analytics, Integral Ad Science (or IAS), and forensics to enable independent verification by advertisers for transparency; 

detailed campaign wrap-up reporting that gives a breakdown on publishers, categories, demonstrations, and devices to better understand advertisement campaign performance; 

access to business intelligence via an analytics dashboard; 

advanced ad targeting; 

easy campaign uploading; 

automated performance optimization; 

real time reporting; 

fraud prevention tools; and 

24x7 support, along with guided managed services to enable users to rapidly harness and operate all the features of the ATOS platform. 

2 

Our ATOS platform includes: 

Adserver; 

Demand Side Platform; 

Advertisement quality tools; 

Analytics dashboard; 

Avails Engine; 

Advertisement prediction and delivery tools; 

Supply quality tools; 

Private marketplace tools; 

Audience and location targeting; 

Wrap up reports; 

An Advertisement software development kit (or SDK); 

Prebid adaptor; 

contextual targeting; 

identity graph capabilities; 

cookie syncing; and 

the updated version of our quality and security tools, among other things for our ATOS platform. 

3 

Data Intelligence Platform 

Our data intelligence platform
provides precise data and insights on consumer s real-world behavior and trends for use in marketing and research. Our data intelligence
platform technology allows for the ingestion and normalization of various data sources, such as location data, transactional data, contextual
data, and search data to reach the right target audience with the right message. Utilizing massively parallel cluster computing and machine
learning algorithms and technology, our data intelligence solutions make available actionable data for marketers, researchers and application
publishers through an automated platform. We are seeking to generate several revenue streams from our data collection and analysis, including,
among other things; advertising, data licensing, and custom research. 

Screenshot of Data Intelligence HomeGraph landing page. 

4 

We also offer a self-service alternative through
our MobiExchange product, which is a SaaS fee model. MobiExchange is a data focused technology solution that enables individuals and companies
to rapidly build actionable data and insights for their own use. MobiExchange s easy-to-use, self-service tools allow users to reduce
the complex technical and financial barriers typically associated with turning offline data, and other business data, into actionable
digital products and services. MobiExchange provides out-of-the-box private labeling, flexible branding, content management, user management,
user communications, subscriptions, payment, invoices, reporting, gateways to third party platforms, and help desk among other things. 

Our data intelligence
platform is hosted and managed on Amazon Web Service (AWS) and takes full advantage of open standards for processing, storage, security
and big data technology. Specifically, our data intelligence platform uses the following AWS services: EC2, Lambda, Kafka, Kinesis, S3,
Storm, Spark, Machine Learning, RDS, Redshift, Elastic Map Reduction, CloudWatch, DataBricks, and Elastic Search Service with built-in
Kibana integration. 

Publisher Platform for Monetization and Compliance 

Our Content publisher platform
is a single-vendor ad tech operating system that allows publishers to better monetize their opt-in user data and advertising inventory.
The platform includes tools for: consent management, audience building, a direct advertising interface and inventory enhancement. Due
to the much publicized developments in privacy and data security laws and regulations (such as the European Union s General
Data Protection Regulation or GDPR and the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 or CCPA by way of example) along with Apple and Google s removal
of identifiers, we believe that content publishers are facing two material issues: increased costs due to privacy compliance rules, and
decreased revenue due to the restrictions selling user identifier data to third parties. We believe this is causing a paradigm shift in
the publishing market. Previously content publishers could provide user identifier information to demand-side platforms (or DSP s)
to create user profiles for audience targeting. Now both the user identifier data and the functionality to create profiled data segments
from that identifier data (known as first party data) must be owned by the content publisher. Additionally, publishers must also manage
the targeting of their audiences in-house utilizing these identifier and targeting data. We recently launched our SaaS publisher platform
in response to these needs. 

All Publisher data is siloed
and secured, using the highest industry standards, optimizing compliance with privacy and data laws that may be applicable. Our platform
helps publishers worry less about the integrity of their first party data and allows them to focus on effectively monetizing their inventory. 

Users of the publisher platform
get access to benefits of our publisher platform, including among other things: 

A Consent Manager for publishers to meet all privacy requirements in connection with their collection of an audience s data. 

An Audience Builder to build detailed databases of targeted audiences from the user identifier data. 

A Direct Purchase Interface to increase revenue from direct advertising sales to target audiences; and 

An Inventory Enhancer to enhance the publisher s supply of audience data with compliant meta-tags. 

5 

Screenshot of Publisher Platform Audience Management landing page. 

We believe that irrespective
of whether a publisher chooses to engage with us to use our publisher platform or not, they will need to find a solution that allows advertisers
to advertise to the publisher s audience directly through the publisher. 

6 

Our Strategy 

Our strategy in the advertising
technology space is to provide enterprises with three proprietary solutions that are highly efficient and effective for monetization of
data and advertising with privacy and data regulatory compliance. We believe that our platforms give users in these markets the capability
of running programmatic campaigns without the need for an extensive marketing team, which enables them to better compete with their larger
competitors who have greater marketing financial and human capital resources. Our sales and marketing approach is focused on providing
a de-fragmented operating system that facilitates a considerably more efficient and effective way for advertisers and publishers to transact
with each other. Mobiquity plans to hire several new sales and sales support individuals to help generate additional revenue through the
use of our three platforms. 

Our strategy is based on problems
we perceived in the advertising technology industry as it has rapidly grown over the last few years and the evolving privacy and data
laws and regulations that make it more difficult to achieve desired results. Our goal is to help our clients increase revenue, decrease
cost and add transparency while complying with privacy and data laws. 

Our Revenue Sources 

We target publishers, brands,
advertising agencies and other advertising technology companies as our audience for our three platform products. We generate revenue from
our platforms through two verticals: 

The first is licensing one or more of our platforms as a white-label product for use by advertising agencies, demand-side platforms (or DSP s), brands and publishers. Under the white-label scenario, the user licenses a platform from us and is responsible for running its own business operations and is billed a percentage of amounts spent on advertising run through the platform. 

The second revenue stream is a managed services model, in which, the user is billed a higher percentage of revenue run through a platform, but all services are managed by us. 

Our Intellectual Property 

Our portfolio of technology
consists of various intellectual property including proprietary source code, trade secrets and know-how that we have developed internally.
We own our technology, although we use open-source software for certain aspects, and we protect it though trade secrets and confidentiality
requirements set out in our employee handbook which each employee acknowledges, and assigning any technology creations and improvements
to us. We also have two patents that relate to our location-based mobile advertising technology business which we are not operating. These
patents and patents pending are not material to, or used in, our platform related technology that we use in our current operations. 

Governmental Regulations 

Federal, state, and international
laws and regulations govern the collection, use, retention, sharing and security of data that we collect. We strive to comply with all
applicable laws, regulations, self-regulatory requirements, and legal obligations relating to privacy, data protection and consumer protection,
including those relating to the use of data for marketing purposes. As we develop and provide solutions that address new market segments,
we may become subject to additional laws and regulations, which could create unexpected liabilities for us, cause us to incur additional
costs or restrict our operations. From time to time, we may be notified of or otherwise become aware of additional laws and regulations
that governmental organizations or others may claim should be applicable to our business. Our failure to anticipate the application of
these laws and regulations accurately, or other failure to comply, could create liability for us, result in adverse publicity or cause
us to alter our business practices, which could cause our net revenues to decrease, our costs to increase or our business otherwise to
be harmed. See Item 1A. 

7 

We are subject to general
business regulations and laws as well as regulations and laws specifically governing the internet, e-commerce, and m-commerce in a number
of jurisdictions around the world. Existing and future regulations and laws could impede the growth of the Internet, e-commerce, m-commerce,
or other online services. These regulations and laws may involve taxation, tariffs, privacy and data security, anti-spam, data protection,
content, copyrights, distribution, electronic contracts, electronic communications, and consumer protection. It is not clear how existing
laws and regulations governing issues such as property ownership, sales and other taxes, libel and personal privacy apply to the Internet
as the vast majority of these laws and regulations were adopted prior to the advent of the Internet and do not contemplate or address
the unique issues raised by the Internet, e-commerce or m-commerce. It is possible that general business regulations and laws, or those
specifically governing the Internet, e-commerce or m-commerce may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent from one
jurisdiction to another and may conflict with other rules or our practices. See Risk Factors Our business practices with
respect to data and consumer protection could give rise to liabilities or reputational harm as a result of governmental regulation, legal
requirements or industry standards relating to consumer privacy, data protection and consumer protection and Risk Factors--
Changes in consumer sentiment or laws, rules or regulations regarding tracking technologies and other privacy matters could have a material
adverse effect on our ability to generate net revenues and could adversely affect our ability to collect data on consumer shopping behavior. 

Competition 

We compete in the programmatic
advertising, data management, and user compliance management industries and in all other facets of our business against small, medium
and large companies throughout the United States. Some examples include companies such as Liveramp, The TradeDesk and OneTrust. Although
we can give no assurance that our business will be able to compete against other companies with greater experience and resources, we believe
we have a competitive advantage with our proprietary software and technology platform based on our view that our competitor s products
do not provide the end-to-end solutions that our product solutions do, and their minimum fees are substantially higher than ours for a
comparative suite of solutions. See Risk Factors We face intense and growing competition, which could result in reduced
sales and reduced operating margins and limit our market share. 

Employees and Contractors 

As of December 31, 2022, we have 14 employees,
including executive management, technical personnel, salespeople, and support staff employees. We also utilize several additional firms/persons
who provide services to us on a non-exclusive basis as independent consultants. 

Customers 

For fiscal 2022 and 2021, sales of our products
to two customers generated approximately 48 and 31 of our revenues, respectively. Our contracts with our customers generally do not
obligate them to a specified term and they can generally terminate their relationship with us at any time with a minimal amount of notice. 

8 

Corporate Structure 

We operate our business through two wholly
owned subsidiaries, Advangelists, LLC and Mobiquity Networks, Inc. Our corporate structure is as follows: 

Reports to Securities Holders 

We provide an annual report
that includes audited financial information to our shareholders. We make our financial information equally available to any interested
parties or investors through compliance with the disclosure rules for a small business issuer under the Exchange Act. We are subject to
disclosure filing requirements including filing Annual Reports on Form 10-K annually and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q quarterly. In
addition, we will file Current Reports on Form 8-K and other proxy and information statements from time to time as required. We do not
intend to voluntarily file the above reports in the event that our obligation to file such reports is suspended under the Exchange Act.
The public may read and copy any materials that we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our Forms 10-K, 10-Q and
8-K and registration statements and proxy and information statements, at the SEC s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street NE, Washington,
DC 20549, or you can read our SEC filings over the Internet at the SEC s website at http://www.sec.gov. 

The public may obtain information
on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. 

9 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

An investment in our securities
is highly speculative, involves a high degree of risk and should be made only by investors who can afford a complete loss. If any of
the following risks actually occurs, then our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected,
the trading of our common stock could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment therein. In addition to the risks outlined
below, risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently consider immaterial may also impair our business operations.
Potential risks and uncertainties that could affect our operating results and financial condition include, without limitation, the following: 

Risks Relating to our Business Operations 

We have a history
of operating losses, and our m anagement has concluded that factors raise substantial doubt about
our ability to continue as a going concern and our auditor has included an explanatory paragraph relating to our ability to continue as
a going concern in its audit report for the past several fiscal years. 

To date, we have not been
profitable and have incurred significant losses and cash flow deficits. For the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, we reported
net losses of 8,062,328 and 18,333,383 (as restated), respectively, and net cash used in operating activities of 6,187,383 and 6,717,324
(as restated), respectively. As of December 31,2022, we had an aggregate accumulated deficit of 210,507,222. Our operating losses for
the past several years are primarily attributable to the transformation of our company into an advertising technology corporation. We
can provide no assurances that our operations will generate consistent or predictable revenue or be profitable in the foreseeable future.
Our management has concluded that our historical recurring losses from operations and negative cash flows from operations as well as our
dependence on private equity and other financings raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern, and our auditor
has included an explanatory paragraph relating to our ability to continue as a going concern in its audit report for the past several
fiscal years. Our consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.
These adjustments would likely include substantial impairment of the carrying amount of our assets and potential contingent liabilities
that may arise if we are unable to fulfill various operational commitments. In addition, the value of our securities, including common
stock issued in the recently completed offering, would be greatly impaired. Our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon
generating sufficient cash flow from operations and obtaining additional capital and financing, including funds raised in the recently
completed offering. If our ability to generate cash flow from operations is delayed or reduced and we are unable to raise additional funding
from other sources, we may be unable to continue in business. For further discussion about our ability to continue as a going concern
and our plan for future liquidity. 

We cannot predict
our future capital needs and we may not be able to secure additional financing. 

From January 2013 through
December 2022, we raised a total of over 60 million in private equity and debt financing to support our transformation from an integrated
marketing company to a technology company. Since we might be unable to generate recurring or predictable revenue or cash flow to fund
our operations, we will likely need to seek additional (perhaps substantial) equity or debt financing to provide the capital required
to maintain or expand our operations. We expect that we will also need additional funding for developing products and services, increasing
our sales and marketing capabilities, and acquiring complementary companies, technologies, and assets (there being no such acquisitions
which we have identified or are pursuing as of the date of this Form 10-K), as well as for working capital requirements and other operating
and general corporate purposes. We cannot predict our future capital needs with precision, and we may not be able to secure additional
financing on terms satisfactory to us, if at all, which could lead to termination of our business. If we elect to raise additional funds
or additional funds are required, we may seek to raise funds from time to time through public or private equity offerings, debt financings
or other financing alternatives. Additional equity or debt financing may not be available on acceptable terms, if at all. If we are unable
to raise additional capital in sufficient amounts or on terms acceptable to us, we will be prevented from pursuing operational development
and commercialization efforts and our ability to generate revenues and achieve or sustain profitability will be substantially harmed. 

10 

If we raise additional
funds by issuing equity securities, our shareholders will experience dilution. Debt financing, if available, would result in increased
fixed payment obligations and may involve agreements that include covenants limiting or restricting our ability to take specific actions,
such as incurring additional debt, making capital expenditures, or declaring dividends. Any debt financing or additional equity that we
raise may contain terms, such as liquidation and other preferences, which are not favorable to us or our stockholders. If we raise additional
funds through collaboration and licensing arrangements with third parties, it may be necessary to relinquish valuable rights to our technologies,
future revenue streams or product candidates or to grant licenses on terms that may not be favorable to us. Should the financing we require
to sustain our working capital needs be unavailable or prohibitively expensive when we require it, our business, operating results, financial
condition and prospects could be materially and adversely affected, and we may be unable to continue our operations. Failure to secure
additional financing on favorable terms could have severe adverse consequences to us. 

Our previously
issued December 31, 2021, consolidated financial statements and related disclosures as filed on Form 10-K/A and quarterly periods within
fiscal years 2021 and 2020 as filed on Form 10-Q were restated in December 2022. 

On December 1, 2022,
we filed Amendment No. 2 to our Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, and we reached a determination to restate
our previously issued December 31, 2021, consolidated financial statements and related disclosures as filed on Form 10-K/A and quarterly
periods within fiscal years 2021 and 2020 as filed on Form 10-Q. The restatement primarily related to the following: 

The recording of expense for common stock and warrants issued in equity financings. The warrants were a direct offering cost and should have been recorded as a reduction in additional paid-in capital; 

The recording of the sale of warrants for cash that should have increased additional paid-in capital and not be reported as other income; 

The recording of a mark-to-market adjustment for stock sold to a third party. The Company recognized a gain as a part of other income and a decrease to additional paid-in capital. The recognition of other income should not have been recorded as the Company was not a holder of an investment of its own stock; and 

Various reclassifications throughout our balance sheets, statements of operations, stockholders equity and cash flows to better reflect the nature or classification of each transaction. 

The restatement of the consolidated financial
statements does not affect the Company s previously reported total assets, total liabilities or revenues. Additionally, there are
no compliance matters with any lender or other third parties as a result of the restatement. In addition, management has concluded that
the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2021 and that the Company s internal
control over financial reporting was not effective as of December 31, 2021 solely as a result of a material weakness in controls related
to the aforementioned. As a result, we have incurred unanticipated costs for accounting and legal fees in connection with or related to
the restatement and may become subject to additional risks and uncertainties related to the restatement, such as a negative impact on
investor confidence in the accuracy of our financial disclosures and may raise reputational risks for our business. As a result of the
restatements disclosed in Amendment No. 2 of the 2021 Form 10-K/A, the quarterly financial statements for the periods ended March 31,
2022 and June 30, 2022 were restated in the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2022.The Company erroneously
recorded a total of 500,500 in stock-based compensation expense during the quarter ended June 30, 2022 pursuant to three stock option
awards granted in April 2019. The expense associated with these awards should have been fully recognized during the year ended December
31, 2021, based on the requisite service periods underlying the option awards. This adjustment is reflected in the restated accounts for
the year ended December 31, 2021, and all affected and restated quarterly periods within fiscal years 2020 and 2021, as disclosed in the
Annual Report on Form 10-K/A (Amendment No. 2) for the years ended December 31, 2021, and 2020 filed with the SEC on December 1, 2022.
All other adjustments to additional paid-in capital and accumulated deficit, totaling 3,089,809, relate to adjustments recorded prior
to January 1, 2022, as discussed in the Form 10-K/A (Amendment No. 2). 

11 

We could become
subject to shareholder litigation and other risks as a result of the restatement and material weakness in our internal control over financial
reporting. 

We may be come subject to
shareholder litigation as a result of the Restatement if stockholders assert that the trading price of our common stock was adversely
affected by the Restatement. In addition, as part of the Restatement, we identified material weaknesses in our internal controls over
financial reporting. As a result of the Restatement and such material weakness, we face potential for litigation or other disputes which
may include, among others, claims invoking the federal and state securities laws, contractual claims or other claims arising from the
Restatement and the material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements.
As of the date of this Form 10-K, we have no knowledge of any such litigation or dispute. However, we can provide no assurance that such
litigation or dispute will not arise in the future. Any such litigation or dispute, whether successful or not, could have a material adverse
effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, the market for our securities may be characterized
by significant price volatility when compared to seasoned issuers, and we expect that our share price may continue to be more volatile
than a seasoned issuer for the indefinite future. In the past, plaintiffs have often initiated securities class action litigation
against a company following periods of volatility in the market price of its securities. We may become the target of similar litigation.
Securities litigation will result in substantial costs and liabilities and will divert management s attention and resources. 

The Company s
financial condition and results of operations have been and may continue to be adversely affected by the COVID-19 pandemic. 

Since March 2020, COVID
-19 has caused a material and substantial adverse impact on our general economy and our business operations. It has caused there to be
a substantial decrease in our sales, cancellations of purchase orders and has resulted in accounts receivables not being timely paid as
anticipated. Further, it has caused us to have concerns about our ability to meet our obligations as they become due and payable. In this
respect, our business is directly dependent upon and correlates closely to the marketing levels and ongoing business activities of our
existing clients. If material adverse developments in domestic and global economic and market conditions adversely affect our clients 
businesses, such as COVID-19, our business and results of operations could (and in the case of COVID-19) equally suffer. Our results of
operations are affected directly by the level of business activity of our clients, which in turn is affected by the level of economic
activity in the industries and markets that they serve. COVID-19 future widespread economic slowdowns in any of these markets, particularly
in the United States, may negatively affect the businesses, purchasing decisions and spending of our clients and prospective clients,
and payment of accounts receivable due us, which could result in reductions in our existing business as well as our new business development
and difficulties in meeting our cash obligations as they become due. In the event of continued widespread economic downturn caused by
COVID-19, we will likely continue to experience a reduction in projects, longer sales and collection cycles, deferral or delay of purchase
commitments for our data products, processing functionality, software systems and services, and increased price competition, all of which
could substantially adversely affect revenue and our ability to remain a going concern. In the event we remain a going concern, the impacts
of the global emergence of Coronavirus disease (COVID-19) on our business, sources of revenues and the general economy, are currently
not fully known. We are conducting business as usual with some modifications to employee work locations, and cancellation of certain marketing
events, among other modifications. We lost a purchase order in excess of one million dollars with a major US sports organization. We have
observed other companies taking precautionary and preemptive actions to address COVID-19 and companies may take further actions that alter
their normal business operations. We will continue to actively monitor the situation and may take further actions that alter our business
operations as may be required by federal, state, or local authorities or that we determine are in the best interests of our employees,
customers, partners, suppliers and stockholders. It is not clear what the potential effects any such alterations or modifications may
have on our business, including the effects on our customers and prospects, although we do anticipate it to continue to negatively impact
our financial results during fiscal years 2023. 

Forecasts of our
revenue are difficult . 

When purchasing our
products and services, our clients and prospects are often faced with a significant commitment of capital, the need to integrate new software
and/or hardware platforms and other changes in company-wide operational procedures, all of which result in cautious deliberation and evaluation
by prospective clients, longer sales cycles, and delays in completing transactions. Additional delays result from the significant up-front
expenses and substantial time, effort, and other resources necessary for our clients to implement our solutions. For example, depending
on the size of a prospective client s business and its needs, a sales cycle can range from two weeks to 12 months. Because of these
longer sales cycles, revenues and operating results may vary significantly from period to period. As a result, it is often difficult to
accurately forecast our revenues for any fiscal period as it is not always possible for us to predict the fiscal period in which sales
will actually be completed. This difficulty in predicting revenue, combined with the revenue fluctuations we may experience from period
to period, can adversely affect and cause substantial fluctuations in our stock price. 

12 

The reliability
of our product solutions is dependent on data from third parties and the integrity and quality of that data . 

Much of the data that
we use is licensed from third-party data suppliers, and we are dependent upon our ability to obtain necessary data licenses on commercially
reasonable terms. We could suffer material adverse consequences if our data suppliers were to withhold their data from us. For example,
data suppliers could withhold their data from us if there is a competitive reason to do so; if we breach our contract with a supplier;
if they are acquired by one of our competitors; if legislation is passed restricting the use or dissemination of the data they provide;
or if judicial interpretations are issued restricting use of such data. Additionally, we could terminate relationships with our data suppliers
if they fail to adhere to our data quality standards. If a substantial number of data suppliers were to withdraw or withhold their data
from us, or if we sever ties with our data suppliers based on their inability to meet our data standards, our ability to provide products
and services to our clients could be materially adversely impacted, which could result in decreased revenues. 

The reliability of our
solutions depends upon the integrity and quality of the data in our database. A failure in the integrity or a reduction in the quality
of our data could cause a loss of customer confidence in our solutions, resulting in harm to our brand, loss of revenue and exposure to
legal claims. We may experience an increase in risks to the integrity of our database and quality of our data as we move toward real-time,
non-identifiable, consumer-powered data through our products. We must continue to invest in our database to improve and maintain the quality,
timeliness, and coverage of the data if we are to maintain our competitive position. Failure to do so could result in a material adverse
effect on our business, growth, and revenue prospects. 

Our business practices
with respect to data and consumer protection could give rise to liabilities or reputational harm as a result of governmental regulation,
legal requirements or industry standards relating to consumer privacy, data protection and consumer protection. 

Federal, state, and
international laws and regulations govern the collection, use, retention, sharing and security of data that we collect. We strive to
comply with all applicable laws, regulations, self-regulatory requirements, and legal obligations relating to privacy, data protection
and consumer protection, including those relating to the use of data for marketing purposes. It is possible, however, that these requirements
may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent from one jurisdiction to another and may conflict with other rules or
our practices. We cannot assure you that our practices have complied, comply, or will comply fully with all such laws, regulations, requirements,
and obligations. Any failure, or perceived failure, by us to comply with federal, state, or international laws or regulations, including
laws and regulations regulating privacy, data security, marketing communications or consumer protection, or other policies, self-regulatory
requirements or legal obligations could result in harm to our reputation, a loss in business, and proceedings or actions against us by
governmental entities, consumers, retailers, or others. We may also be contractually liable to indemnify and hold harmless performance
marketing networks or other third parties from the costs or consequences of noncompliance with any laws, regulations, self-regulatory
requirements, or other legal obligations relating to privacy, data protection and consumer protection or any inadvertent or unauthorized
use or disclosure of data that we store or handle as part of operating our business. Any such proceeding or action, and any related indemnification
obligation, could hurt our reputation, force us to incur significant expenses in defense of these proceedings, distract our management,
increase our costs of doing business and cause consumers and retailers to decrease their use of our marketplace, and may result in the
imposition of monetary liability. Furthermore, the costs of compliance with, and other burdens imposed by, the data and privacy laws,
regulations, standards, and policies that are applicable to the businesses of our clients may limit the use and adoption of, and reduce
the overall demand for, our products. 

A significant breach
of the confidentiality of the information we hold or of the security of our or our customers , suppliers , or other partners 
computer systems could be detrimental to our business, reputation, and results of operations. Our business requires the storage, transmission,
and utilization of data. Although we have security and associated procedures, our databases may be subject to unauthorized access by third
parties. Such third parties could attempt to gain entry to our systems for the purpose of stealing data or disrupting the systems. We
believe we have taken appropriate measures to protect our systems from intrusion, but we cannot be certain that advances in criminal capabilities,
discovery of new vulnerabilities in our systems and attempts to exploit those vulnerabilities, physical system or facility break-ins and
data thefts or other developments will not compromise or breach the technology protecting our systems and the information we possess.
Furthermore, we face increasing cyber security risks as we receive and collect data from new sources, and as we and our customers continue
to develop and operate in cloud-based information technology environments. In the event that our protection efforts are unsuccessful,
and we experience an unauthorized disclosure of confidential information or the security of such information or our systems are compromised,
we could suffer substantial harm. Any breach could result in one or more third parties obtaining unauthorized access to our customers 
data or our data, including personally identifiable information, intellectual property and other confidential business information. Such
a security breach could result in operational disruptions that impair our ability to meet our clients requirements, which could
result in decreased revenues. Also, whether there is an actual or a perceived breach of our security, our reputation could suffer irreparable
harm, causing our current and prospective clients to reject our products and services in the future and deterring data suppliers from
supplying us data. Further, we could be forced to expend significant resources in response to a security breach, including repairing system
damage, increasing cyber security protection costs by deploying additional personnel and protection technologies, and litigating and resolving
legal claims, all of which could divert the attention of our management and key personnel away from our business operations. In any event,
a significant security breach could materially harm our business, financial condition and operating results. 

13 

Significant system
disruptions, loss of data center capacity or interruption of telecommunication links could adversely affect our business and results of
operations. 

Our product platforms
are hosted and managed on Amazon Web Service (AWS) and takes full advantage of open standards for processing, storage, security, and big
data technology. Specifically, our data intelligence platform uses the following AWS services: EC2, Lambda, Kafka, Kinesis, S3, Storm,
Spark, Machine Learning, RDS, Redshift, Elastic Map Reduction, CloudWatch, DataBricks, and Elastic Search Service with built-in Kibana
integration. Significant system disruptions, loss of data center capacity or interruption of telecommunication links could adversely affect
our business, results of operations and financial condition. Our business is heavily dependent upon highly complex data processing capability.
The ability of our platform hosts and managers to protect these data centers against damage or interruption from fire, flood, tornadoes,
power loss, telecommunications or equipment failure or other disasters is beyond our control and is critical to our ability to succeed. 

We rely on information
technology to operate our business and maintain competitiveness, and any failure to adapt to technological developments or industry trends
could harm our business. 

We depend on the use
of information technologies and systems. As our operations grow in size and scope, we will be required to continuously improve and upgrade
our systems and infrastructure while maintaining or improving the reliability and integrity of our infrastructure. Our future success
also depends on our ability to adapt our systems and infrastructure to meet rapidly evolving consumer trends and demands while continuing
to improve the performance, features and reliability of our solutions in response to competitive services and product offerings. The emergence
of alternative platforms will require new investment in technology. New developments in other areas, such as cloud computing, could also
make it easier for competition to enter our markets due to lower up-front technology costs. In addition, we may not be able to maintain
our existing systems or replace or introduce new technologies and systems as quickly as we would like or in a cost-effective manner. 

Our technology
and associated business processes may contain undetected errors, which could limit our ability to provide our services and diminish the
attractiveness of our offerings. 

Our technology may contain
undetected errors, defects, or bugs. As a result, our customers or end users may discover errors or defects in our technology or the systems
incorporating our technology may not operate as expected. We may discover significant errors or defects in the future that we may not
be able to fix. Our inability to fix any of those errors could limit our ability to provide our solution, impair the reputation of our
brand and diminish the attractiveness of our product offerings to our customers. In addition, we may utilize third party technology
or components in our products, and we rely on those third parties to provide support services to us. Failure of those third parties to
provide necessary support services could materially adversely impact our business. 

We need to protect
our intellectual property, or our operating results may suffer . 

Third parties may infringe
our intellectual property and we may suffer competitive injury or expend significant resources enforcing our rights. As our business is
focused on data-driven results and analytics, we rely heavily on proprietary information technology. Our proprietary portfolio consists
of various intellectual property including source code, trade secrets, and know-how. The extent to which such rights can be protected
is substantially based on federal, state and common law rights as well as contractual restrictions. The steps we have taken to protect
our intellectual property may not prevent the misappropriation of our proprietary information or deter independent development of
similar technologies by others. If we do not enforce our intellectual property rights vigorously and successfully, our competitive position
may suffer which could harm our operating results. 

14 

We could incur
substantial costs and disruption to our business as a result of any claim of infringement of another party s intellectual property
rights, which could harm our business and operating results. 

From time to time, third
parties may claim that one or more of our products or services infringe their intellectual property rights. We analyze and take action
in response to such claims on a case-by-case basis. Any dispute or litigation regarding patents or other intellectual property could be
costly and time-consuming due to the complexity of our technology and the uncertainty of intellectual property litigation, which could
divert the attention of our management and key personnel away from our business operations. A claim of intellectual property infringement
could force us to enter into a costly or restrictive license agreement, which might not be available under acceptable terms or at all
or could subject us to significant damages or to an injunction against development and sale of certain of our products or services. 

We face intense
and growing competition, which could result in reduced sales and reduced operating margins and limit our market share. 

We compete in the data,
marketing, and research business and in all other facets of our business against small, medium and large companies throughout the United
States. Some examples include companies such as LiveRamp, The TradeDesk and OneTrust. If we are unable to successfully compete for new
business our revenue growth and operating margins may decline. The market for our advertising and marketing technology operating system
platform is competitive. We believe that our competitors product offerings do not provide the end-to-end solutions our product
solutions do, and their minimum fees are substantially higher than ours for a comparative suite of solutions. However, barriers to entry
in our markets are relatively low. With the introduction of new technologies and market entrants, we expect competition to intensify in
the future. Some of these competitors may be in a better position to develop new products and strategies that more quickly and effectively
respond to changes in customer requirements in our markets. The introduction of competent, competitive products, pricing strategies or
other technologies by our competitors that are superior to or that achieve greater market acceptance than our products and services could
adversely affect our business. Our failure to meet a client s expectations in any type of contract may result in an unprofitable
engagement, which could adversely affect our operating results and result in future rejection of our products and services by current
and prospective clients. Some of our principal competitors offer their products at a lower price, which may result in pricing pressures.
These pricing pressures and increased competition generally could result in reduced sales, reduced margins or the failure of our product
and service offerings to achieve or maintain more widespread market acceptance. 

Many of our competitors
are substantially larger than we are and have significantly greater financial, technical, and marketing resources, and established direct
and indirect channels of distribution. As a result, they are able to devote greater resources to the development, promotion and sale of
their products than we can. 

We can provide
no assurance that our business will be able to maintain a competitive technology advantage in the future. 

Our ability to generate
revenues is substantially based upon our proprietary intellectual property that we own and protect through trade secrets and agreements
with our employees to maintain ownership of any improvements to our intellectual property. Our ability to generate revenues now and in
the future is based upon maintaining a competitive technology advantage over our competition. We can provide no assurances that we will
be able to maintain a competitive technology advantage in the future over our competitors, many of whom have significantly more experience,
more extensive infrastructure and are better capitalized than us. 

No assurances
can be given that we will be able to keep up with a rapidly changing business information market. 

Consumer needs and the
business information industry as a whole are in a constant state of change. Our ability to continually improve our current processes and
products in response to these changes and to develop new products and services to meet those needs are essential in maintaining our competitive
position and meeting the increasingly sophisticated requirements of our customers. If we fail to enhance our current products and services
or fail to develop new products in light of emerging industry standards and information requirements, we could lose customers to current
or future competitors, which could result in impairment of our growth prospects and revenues. 

15 

The market for
programmatic advertising campaigns is relatively new and evolving. If this market develops slower or differently than we expect, our business,
growth prospects and financial condition would be adversely affected. 

A substantial portion
of our revenue has been derived from customers that programmatically purchase and sell advertising inventory through our platform. We
expect that spending on programmatic ad buying and selling will continue to be a significant source of revenue for the foreseeable future,
and that our revenue growth will largely depend on increasing spend through our platform. The market for programmatic ad buying is an
emerging market, and our current and potential customers may not shift quickly enough to programmatic ad buying from other buying methods,
reducing our growth potential. Because our industry is relatively new, we will encounter risks and difficulties frequently encountered
by early-stage companies in similarly rapidly evolving industries, including the need to: 

Maintain our reputation and build trust with advertisers and digital media property owners; 

Offer competitive pricing to publishers, advertisers, and digital media agencies; 

Maintain quality and expand quantity of our advertising inventory; 

Continue to develop, launch, and upgrade the technologies that enable us to provide our solutions; 

Respond to evolving government regulations relating to the internet, telecommunications, mobile, privacy, marketing, and advertising aspects of our business; 

Identify, attract, retain, and motivate qualified personnel; and 

Cost-effectively manage our operations, including our international operations. 

If the market for programmatic
ad buying deteriorates or develops more slowly than we expect, it could reduce demand for our platform, and our business, growth prospects
and financial condition would be adversely affected. 

Our failure to
maintain and grow the customer base on our platform may negatively impact our revenue and business. 

To sustain or increase
our revenue, we must regularly add both new advertiser customers and publishers, while simultaneously keeping existing customers to maintain
or increase the amount of advertising inventory purchased through our platform and adopt new features and functionalities that we add
to our platform. If our competitors introduce lower cost or differentiated offerings that compete with or are perceived to compete with
ours, our ability to sell access to our platform to new or existing customers could be impaired. Our agreements with our customers allow
them to change the amount of spending on our platform or terminate our services with limited notice. Our customers typically have relationships
with different providers and there is limited cost to moving budgets to our competitors. As a result, we may have limited visibility as
to our future advertising revenue streams. We cannot assure you that our customers will continue to use our platform or that we will be
able to replace, in a timely or effective manner, departing customers with new customers that generate comparable revenue. If a major
customer representing a significant portion of our business decides to materially reduce its use of our platform or to cease using our
platform altogether, it is possible that our revenue could be significantly reduced. 

16 

We rely substantially
on a limited number of customers for a significant percentage of our sales. 

For the year ended December
31, 2022, and 2021, total sales of our products to two customers represented approximately 48 and 31 of our revenues, respectively.
Our contracts with our customers generally do not obligate them to a specified term and they can generally terminate their relationship
with us at any time with a minimal amount of notice. If we lose any of our customers, or any of them decide to scale back on purchases
of our products, it will have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and prospects. Therefore, we must engage in continual
sales efforts to maintain revenue, sustain our customer relationships, and expand our client base or our operating results will suffer.
If a significant client fails to renew a contract or renews the contract on terms less favorable to us than before, our business could
be negatively impacted if additional business is not obtained to replace or supplement that which was lost. We may require additional
financial resources to expand our internal and external sales capabilities, although we plan to use a portion of the net proceeds of the
recently completed offering for this purpose. We cannot assure that we will be able to sustain our customer relationships and expand our
client base. The loss of any of our current customers or our inability to expand our customer base will have a material adverse effect
on our business plans and prospects. 

If we fail to
innovate and make the right investment decisions in our offerings and platform, we may not attract and retain advertisers and publishers
and our revenue and results of operations may decline. 

Our industry is subject
to rapid and frequent changes in technology, evolving customer needs and the frequent introduction by our competitors of new and enhanced
offerings. We must constantly make investment decisions regarding our offerings and technology to meet customer demand and evolving industry
standards. We may make wrong decisions regarding these investments. If new or existing competitors have more attractive offerings or functionalities,
we may lose customers or customers may decrease their use of our platform. New customer demands, superior competitive offerings or new
industry standards could require us to make unanticipated and costly changes to our platform or business model. If we fail to adapt to
our rapidly changing industry or to evolving customer needs, demand for our platform could decrease and our business, financial condition
and operating results may be adversely affected. 

We may not be
able to integrate, maintain and enhance our advertising solutions to keep pace with technological and market developments. 

The market for digital
video advertising solutions is characterized by rapid technological change, evolving industry standards and frequent introductions of
new products and services. To keep pace with technological developments, satisfy increasing publisher and advertiser requirements, maintain
the attractiveness and competitiveness of our advertising solutions and ensure compatibility with evolving industry standards and protocols,
we will need to anticipate and respond to varying product lifecycles, regularly enhance our current advertising solutions and develop
and introduce new solutions and functionality on a timely basis. This requires significant investment of financial and other resources.
For example, we will need to invest significant resources into expanding and developing our platforms in order to maintain a comprehensive
solution. Ad exchanges and other technological developments may displace us or introduce an additional intermediate layer between us and
our customers and digital media properties that could impair our relationships with those customers. 

If we fail to
detect advertising fraud, we could harm our reputation and hurt our ability to execute our business plan. 

As we are in the business
of providing services to publishers, advertisers, and agencies, we must deliver effective digital advertising campaigns. Despite our efforts
to implement fraud protection techniques in our platforms, some of our advertising and agency campaigns may experience fraudulent and
other invalid impressions, clicks or conversions that advertisers may perceive as undesirable, such as non-human traffic generated by
computers designed to simulate human users and artificially inflate user traffic on websites. These activities could overstate the performance
of any given digital advertising campaign and could harm our reputation. It may be difficult for us to detect fraudulent or malicious
activity because we do not own content and rely in part on our digital media properties to control such activity. Industry
self-regulatory bodies, the U.S. Federal Trade Commission and certain influential members of Congress have increased their scrutiny and
awareness of, and have taken recent actions to address, advertising fraud and other malicious activity. If we fail to detect or prevent
fraudulent or other malicious activity, the affected advertisers may experience or perceive a reduced return on their investment and our
reputation may be harmed. High levels of fraudulent or malicious activity could lead to dissatisfaction with our solutions, refusals to
pay, refund or future credit demands or withdrawal of future business. 

17 

The loss of advertisers
and publishers as customers could significantly harm our business, operating results, and financial condition. 

Our customer base consists
primarily of advertisers and publishers. We do not have exclusive relationships with advertising agencies, companies that are advertisers,
or publishers, such that we largely depend on agencies to work with us as they embark on advertising campaigns for advertisers. The loss
of agencies as customers and referral sources could significantly harm our business, operating results and financial condition. If we
fail to maintain satisfactory relationships with an advertising agency, we risk losing business from the advertisers represented by that
agency. 

Furthermore, advertisers
and publishers may change advertising agencies. If an advertiser switches from an agency that utilizes our platform to one that does not,
we will lose revenue from that advertiser. In addition, some advertising agencies have their own relationships with publishers that are
different than our relationships, such that they might directly connect advertisers with such publishers. Our business may suffer to the
extent that advertising agencies and inventory suppliers purchase and sell advertising inventory directly from one another or through
intermediaries other than us. 

Our sales efforts
with advertisers and publishers require significant time and expense. 

Attracting new advertisers
and publishers requires substantial time and expense, and we may not be successful in establishing new relationships or in maintaining
or advancing our current relationships. Our solutions, including our programmatic solutions, and our business model often requires us
to spend substantial time and effort educating our own sales force and potential advertisers, advertising agencies, supply side platforms
and digital media properties about our offerings, including providing demonstrations and comparisons against other available solutions.
This process is costly and time-consuming. If we are not successful in targeting, supporting, and streamlining our sales processes, our
ability to grow our business may be adversely affected. 

Changes in consumer
sentiment or laws, rules or regulations regarding tracking technologies and other privacy matters could have a material adverse effect
on our ability to generate net revenues and could adversely affect our ability to collect data on consumer shopping behavior. 

The collection and use
of electronic information about users is an important element of our data intelligence technology and solutions. However, consumers may
become increasingly resistant to the collection, use and sharing of information, including information used to deliver advertising and
to attribute credit to publishers in performance marketing programs, and take steps to prevent such collection, use and sharing of information.
For example, consumer complaints and/or lawsuits regarding advertising or other tracking technologies in general and our practices specifically
could adversely impact our business. In addition to this change in consumer preferences, if retailers or brands perceive significant negative
consumer reaction to targeted advertising or the tracking of consumers activities, they may determine that such advertising or
tracking has the potential to negatively impact their brand. In that case, advertisers may limit or stop the use of our solutions, and
our operating results and financial condition would be adversely affected. 

18 

Government regulation
of the Internet, e-commerce and m-commerce is evolving, and unfavorable changes or failure by us to comply with these laws and regulations
could substantially harm our business and results of operations. 

We are subject to general
business regulations and laws as well as regulations and laws specifically governing the Internet, e-commerce, and m-commerce in a number
of jurisdictions around the world. Existing and future regulations and laws could impede the growth of the Internet, e-commerce, m-commerce,
or other online services. These regulations and laws may involve taxation, tariffs, privacy and data security, anti-spam, data protection,
content, copyrights, distribution, electronic contracts, electronic communications, and consumer protection. It is not clear how existing
laws and regulations governing issues such as property ownership, sales and other taxes, libel and personal privacy apply to the Internet
as the vast majority of these laws and regulations were adopted prior to the advent of the Internet and do not contemplate or address
the unique issues raised by the Internet, e-commerce or m-commerce. It is possible that general business regulations and laws, or those
specifically governing the Internet, e-commerce or m-commerce may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent from one
jurisdiction to another and may conflict with other rules or our practices. We cannot assure you that our practices have complied, comply,
or will comply fully with all such laws and regulations. Any failure, or perceived failure, by us to comply with any of these laws or
regulations could result in damage to our reputation, a loss in business, and proceedings or actions against us by governmental entities
or others. Any such proceeding or action could hurt our reputation, force us to spend significant resources in defense of these proceedings,
distract our management, increase our costs of doing business, and cause consumers and retailers to decrease their use of our marketplace,
and may result in the imposition of monetary liability. We may also be contractually liable to indemnify and hold harmless third parties
from the costs or consequences of noncompliance with any such laws or regulations. In addition, it is possible that governments of one
or more countries may seek to censor content available on our websites and mobile applications or may even attempt to completely block
access to our marketplace. Adverse legal or regulatory developments could substantially harm our business. In particular, in the event
that we are restricted, in whole or in part, from operating in one or more countries, our ability to retain or increase our customer base
may be adversely affected and we may not be able to maintain or grow our net revenues as anticipated. 

We may be required
to invest significant monies upfront in capital intensive project(s) which we may be unable to recover . 

Failure to recover significant,
up-front capital investments required by certain client contracts could be harmful to the Company s financial condition and operating
results. Certain of our client contracts require significant investment in the early stages, which we expect to recover through billings
over the life of the contract. These contracts may involve the construction of new computer systems and communications networks or the
development and deployment of new technologies. Substantial performance risk exists in each contract with these characteristics, and some
or all elements of service delivery under these contracts are dependent upon successful completion of the development, construction, and
deployment phases. Failure to successfully meet our contractual requirements under these contracts over their life increases the possibility
that we may not recover our capital investments in these contracts. Failure to recover our capital investments could be detrimental to
the particular engagement as well as our operating results. 

We are subject
to payment-related risks and, if our customers do not pay or dispute their invoices, our business, financial condition, and operating
results may be adversely affected. 

We may be involved in
disputes with agencies and their advertisers over the operation of our platform, the terms of our agreements or our billings for purchases
made by them through our platform. If we are unable to collect or make adjustments to bills to customers, we could incur write-offs for
bad debt, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations for the periods in which the write-offs occur. In the
future, bad debt may exceed reserves for such contingencies and our bad debt exposure may increase over time. Any increase in write-offs
for bad debt could have a materially negative effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results. Even if we are not paid
by our customers on time or at all, we are still obligated to pay for the advertising inventory we have purchased for the advertising
campaign, and as a consequence, our results of operations and financial condition would be adversely impacted. 

19 

If we default
on our credit obligations, our operations may be interrupted, and our business and financial results could be adversely affected. 

Publishers extend us
credit terms for the purchase of advertising inventory. We currently have outstanding payables to existing publishers. If we are unable
to pay our publishers in a timely fashion, they may elect to no longer sell us inventory to provide for sale to advertisers. Also, it
may be necessary for us to incur additional indebtedness to maintain operations of the Company. If we default on our credit obligations,
our lenders and debt financing holders may, among other things: 

require repayment of any outstanding obligations or amounts drawn on our credit facilities; 

terminate our credit; 

stop delivery of ordered equipment; 

discontinue our ability to acquire inventory that is sold to advertisers; 

require us to accrue interest at higher rates; or 

require us to pay significant damages. 

If some or all of these events
were to occur, our operations may be interrupted and our ability to fund our operations or obligations, as well as our business, financial
results, and financial condition, could be adversely affected. 

We will be relying on
funding from a subsequent offering or cashflow to pay a 1,437,500 Promissory Note to an investor, and if we are unable to pay the Note
when it becomes due, we will be in default. 

On December 30, 2022,
Walleye Opportunities Master Fund Ltd. agreed to invest 1,437,500 in the Company in exchange for a senior secured 20 OID
nine-month promissory note among other securities. This Note, as amended, matures and is payable on or before September 30, 2023,
and it provides that the investor may demand prepayment after March 31, 2023 and before the maturity date, provided that the
purchasers of securities in the offering covered by this prospectus who hold the purchased Company securities at the time the
prepayment demand is made unanimously consent to the prepayment. We expect we will rely on proceeds from future fundings or cashflow
from operations to repay the Note on the maturity date or earlier at our option, or if the investor demands prepayment which is
consented to. If we are unable to raise additional funding after the recently completed offering or do not generate sufficient
cashflow to repay the Note when due, we will be in default under the Note if we do not pay it. In the event of default, the investor
may elect to convert all or a portion of the Note at a conversion price based on closing price of the Company s common stock
on Nasdaq at the time of default subject to a floor. The Note, as amended further, requires the Company to use reasonable efforts to
obtain, on or before May 15, 2023, stockholder approval to permit the Company to issue the requisite number of shares upon
conversion in accordance with Nasdaq Rule 5635(a)(1) and/or 5635(d) (the so-called Nasdaq 20 Rule). If we fail to obtain such
stockholders approval on a timely basis, and the Note is converted, and we cannot deliver the shares to the investor, we will be
liable for penalties, and the investor can rescind the conversion, requiring us to repay the Note. This failure to repay the Note
could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. 

20 

Our failure to recruit
or the loss of management and highly trained and qualified personnel could adversely affect our operations. 

Our future success depends
in large part on our current senior management team and our ability to attract and retain additional high-quality management and operating
personnel. Our senior management team s in-depth knowledge of and deep relationships with the participants in our industry are extremely
valuable to us. Our business also requires skilled technical and marketing personnel, who are in high demand and are often subject to
competing offers. Our failure to recruit and retain qualified personnel could hinder our ability to successfully develop and operate our
business, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial position and operating results. The complexity of our data products,
processing functionality, software systems and services require highly trained professionals to operate, maintain, improve and repair
them. While we presently have a sophisticated, dedicated and experienced team of associates who have a deep understanding of our business,
some of whom have been with Mobiquity for years, the labor market for these individuals has historically been, and is currently, very
competitive due to the limited number of people available with the necessary technical skills and understanding, compensation strategies,
general economic conditions and various other factors. As the business information and marketing industries continue to become more technologically
advanced, we anticipate increased competition for qualified personnel. The loss of the services of highly trained personnel like the Company s
current team of associates, or the inability to recruit and retain additional, qualified associates, could have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial position or operating results. 

Our substantial
amount of indebtedness may adversely affect our cash flow and our ability to operate our business, remain in compliance with debt covenants
and make payments on our indebtedness. 

Our substantial level
of indebtedness increases the possibility that we may be unable to generate cash sufficient to pay, when due, the principal of, interest
on or other amounts due with respect to our indebtedness. Our indebtedness could have other important consequences to you as a shareholder.
For example, it could: 

make it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations with respect to our indebtedness and any failure to comply with the obligations of any of our debt instruments could result in an event of default under our debt financing agreements; 

make us more vulnerable to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; 

require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our indebtedness, thereby reducing the availability of our cash flows to fund working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, and other general corporate purposes; 

limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry in which we operate; 

place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less debt; and 

limit our ability to borrow additional amounts for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of our business strategy or other purposes. 

Any of the above listed factors
could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

21 

Risks Relating to An Investment in Our Securities 

If we are not
able to comply with the applicable continued listing requirements or standards of Nasdaq Capital Markets( NasdaqCM ), NasdaqCM
could delist our common stock and 2021 warrants. 

Our common stock and
2021 Warrants are listed on the NasdaqCM. In order to maintain that listing, we must satisfy minimum financial and other continued listing
requirements and standards, including those regarding director independence and independent committee requirements, minimum stockholders 
equity, minimum share price, and certain corporate governance requirements. There can be no assurances that we will be able to comply
with the applicable listing standards. 

On January 13, 2023,
we received a letter from The Nasdaq Stock Market stating that the Company was not in compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2) because
the closing bid price of the Company s common stock was below 1.00 per share for 30 consecutive business days. Pursuant to Nasdaq s
Listing Rules, the Company has a 180-day grace period, until July 12, 2023, during which the Company may regain compliance if the bid
price of its common stock closes at 1.00 per share or more for a minimum of ten consecutive business days. 

If we do not regain compliance
with the bid price requirement, we may be eligible for an additional 180-calendar day compliance period so long as we satisfy the criteria
for initial listing on the NasdaqCM and the continued listing requirement for market value of publicly held shares and we provide written
notice to Nasdaq of its intention to cure the deficiency during the second compliance period by effecting a reverse stock split, if necessary.
A reverse stock split requires the approval of our shareholders, and we cannot assure that we will receive the requisite shareholder vote
to allow us to effectuate a stock split. In the event we are not eligible for the second grace period, the Nasdaq staff will provide written
notice that our Common Stock is subject to delisting; however, we may request a hearing before the Nasdaq Hearings Panel, which request,
if timely made, would stay any further suspension or delisting action by the Nasdaq pending the conclusion of the hearing process and
expiration of any extension that may be granted by the Hearings Panel. 

On January 4, 2023, we
received a deficiency notification from the Listing Qualifications Department of The NasdaqCM notifying the Company of its noncompliance
with the NasdaqCM Listing Rule 5620(a) to hold an annual meeting of shareholders within no later than one year after the end of the Company s
fiscal year end. Under NasdaqCM Rules the Company now has 45 calendar days to submit a plan to regain compliance and can grant up to 180
calendar days from the fiscal year end, or until June 29, 2023, to regain compliance. 

On December 14, 2022,
we received a deficiency letter from the Listing Qualifications Department of The NasdaqCM notifying the Company of its noncompliance
with the NasdaqCM Listing Rule 5550(b)(1) for the NasdaqCM, which requires that a listed company s stockholders equity be
at least 2.5 million. In accordance with NasdaqCM rules, the Company has 45 calendar days from the date of the notification to submit
a plan to regain compliance with NasdaqCM Listing Rule 5550(b)(1). The Company intends to submit a compliance plan within 45 days of the
date of the notification and will evaluate available options to resolve the deficiency and regain compliance. If the Company s compliance
plan is accepted, the Company may be granted up to 180 calendar days from December 14, 2022, to evidence compliance. 

In order to maintain
the listing of its common stock on The NasdaqCM, the Company must demonstrate compliance with Listing Rule 5550(b)(1) which requires
the Company to maintain: (1) Stockholders equity of at least 2.5 million; or (2) Market Value of Listed Securities
of at least 35 million. The Company s plan of compliance outlined a plan for compliance with the stockholders equity
standard requirement by completing the recently completed offering. As the net proceeds of the recently completed offering was approximately
 2,950,000, which is lower than the amount anticipated, the Company will likely need to raise additional capital and to amend its plan
of compliance. 

The Company intends to
regain compliance with each of the applicable continued listing requirements of The NasdaqCM prior to the end of the compliance periods
set forth in the Hearings Panel decision. However, until Nasdaq has reached a final determination that the Company has regained compliance
with all of the applicable continued listing requirements, there can be no assurances regarding the continued listing of the Company s
common stock and 2021 Warrants on Nasdaq. If our common stock and 2021 Warrants cease to be listed for trading on the NasdaqCM, we would
expect that our Common Stock and 2021 Warrants would be traded on one of the three tiered marketplaces of the OTC Markets Group. If Nasdaq
were to delist our common stock and 2021 Warrants, it would be more difficult for our stockholders to dispose of our common stock or 2021
Warrants and more difficult to obtain accurate price quotations on our common stock or 2021 Warrants. The delisting of the Company s
common stock and 2021 Warrants from Nasdaq would have a material adverse effect on the Company s access to capital markets, and
any limitation on market liquidity or reduction in the price of its common stock as a result of that delisting would adversely affect
the Company s ability to raise capital on terms acceptable to the Company, if at all. 

22 

Even if a reverse
stock split achieves the requisite increase in the market price of our common stock, we cannot assure you that we will be approved for
listing on the NasdaqCM or able to comply with other continued listing standards of the NasdaqCM. 

Even if a reverse stock
split, if approved by our stockholders, achieves the requisite increase in the market price of our common stock to be in compliance with
the minimum bid price of Nasdaq, there can be no assurance that the market price of our common stock following the reverse stock split
will remain at the level required for continuing compliance with that requirement. It is not uncommon for the market price of a company s
common stock to decline in the period following a reverse stock split. If the market price of our common stock declines following the
effectuation of the reverse stock split, the percentage decline may be greater than would occur in the absence of a reverse stock
split. In any event, other factors unrelated to the number of shares of our common stock outstanding, such as negative financial or operational
results, could adversely affect the market price of our common stock and jeopardize our ability to meet or maintain Nasdaq s minimum
bid price requirement. 

The NasdaqCM requires that
the trading price of its listed stocks remain above one dollar in order for the stock to remain listed. If a listed stock trades below
one dollar for more than 30 consecutive trading days, then it is subject to delisting from Nasdaq. In addition, to maintain a listing
on Nasdaq, we must satisfy minimum financial and other continued listing requirements and standards, including those regarding director
independence and independent committee requirements, minimum stockholders equity, and certain corporate governance requirements.
If we are unable to satisfy these requirements or standards, we could be subject to delisting, which would have a negative effect on the
price of our common stock and would impair your ability to sell or purchase our common stock when you wish to do so. Although we are taking
certain actions to regain compliance with Nasdaq listing standards, including a potential reverse stock split and the recently completed
offering, we can provide no assurance that any such action taken by us would enable us to regain or remain in compliance, stabilize the
market price or improve the liquidity of our common stock, prevent our common stock from dropping below the minimum bid price requirement,
or prevent future non-compliance with the listing requirements. 

A reverse stock
split may decrease the liquidity of the shares of our common stock. 

The liquidity of the
shares of our common stock may be affected adversely by a reverse stock split given the reduced number of shares that will be outstanding
following the reverse stock split, especially if the market price of our common stock does not increase as a result of the reverse stock
split. In addition, a reverse stock split may increase the number of shareholders who own odd lots (less than 100 shares) of our common
stock, creating the potential for such shareholders to experience an increase in the cost of selling their shares and greater difficulty
effecting such sales. 

Following a reverse
stock split, the resulting market price of our common stock may not attract new investors, including institutional investors, and may
not satisfy the investing requirements of those investors. Consequently, the trading liquidity of our common stock may not improve. 

Although we believe that
a higher market price of our common stock may help generate greater or broader investor interest, there can be no assurance that a reverse
stock split will result in a share price that will attract new investors, including institutional investors. In addition, there can be
no assurance that the market price of our common stock will satisfy the investing requirements of those investors. As a result, the trading
liquidity of our common stock may not necessarily improve. 

23 

Provisions
of the Series 2023 Warrants could discourage an acquisition of us by a third party, may have an adverse effect on the market price of
our common stock, and make it more difficult to affect a business combination. 

Certain provisions of
the Series 2023 Warrants could make it more difficult or expensive for a third party to acquire us. The Series 2023 Warrants prohibit
us from engaging in certain transactions constituting fundamental transactions unless, among other things, the surviving
entity assumes our obligations under the warrants. These and other provisions of the Series 2023 Warrants could prevent or deter a third
party from acquiring us even where the acquisition could be beneficial to you. 

Additionally, to the
extent we issue shares of common stock to affect a future business combination, the potential for the issuance of a substantial number
of additional shares upon exercise of the Series 2023 Warrants could make us a less attractive acquisition vehicle in the eyes of a target
business. Such Series 2023 Warrants, when exercised, will increase the number of issued and outstanding shares of common stock and reduce
the value of the shares issued to complete the business combination. Accordingly, the Series 2023 Warrants may make it more difficult
to effectuate a business combination or increase the cost of acquiring a target business. Additionally, the sale, or even the possibility
of sale, of the shares of common stock underlying the Series 2023 Warrants could have an adverse effect on the market price for our securities
or on our ability to obtain future financing. If and to the extent the Series 2023 Warrants are exercised, you may experience dilution
to your holdings. 

A current and effective
prospectus relating to the common stock issuable upon exercise of the Series 2023 Warrants, holders will only be able to exercise such
Series 2023 Warrants on a cashless basis. 

If we do not file and
maintain a current and effective registration statement relating to the common stock issuable upon exercise of the 2023 Warrants at the time
that holders wish to exercise such warrants, they will only be able to exercise them on a cashless basis provided that an
exemption from registration is available. As a result, the number of shares of common stock that holders will receive upon exercise of
the Series 2023 Warrants will be fewer than it would have been had such holder exercised his, her or its Series 2023 Warrants for cash.
Further, if an exemption from registration is not available, holders would not be able to exercise on a cashless basis and would only
be able to exercise their Series 2023 Warrants for cash if a current and effective registration statement relating to the common stock
issuable upon exercise of the Series 2023 Warrants is available. Under the terms of the underwriting agreement, we have agreed to use
our best efforts to meet these conditions and to file and maintain a current and effective registration statement relating to the
common stock issuable upon exercise of the Series 2023 Warrants until the expiration of the Series 2023 Warrants. However, we cannot assure
you that we will be able to do so. If we are unable to do so, the potential upside of the holder s investment in our
Company may be reduced or the Series 2023 Warrants may expire worthless. 

The market price
of our common stock is likely to be highly volatile because of several factors, including a limited public float. 

The market price of
our common stock has been volatile in the past and the market price of our common stock and our warrants is likely to be highly volatile
in the future. You may not be able to resell shares of our common stock following periods of volatility because of the market s
adverse reaction to volatility. 

24 

Other factors that could cause
such volatility may include, among other things: 

actual or anticipated fluctuations in our operating results; 

the absence of securities analysts covering us and distributing research and recommendations about us; 

we may have a low trading volume for a number of reasons, including that a large portion of our stock is closely held; 

overall stock market fluctuations; 

announcements concerning our business or those of our competitors; 

actual or perceived limitations on our ability to raise capital when we require it, and to raise such capital on favorable terms; 

conditions or trends in the industry; 

litigation; 

changes in market valuations of other similar companies; 

future sales of common stock; 

departure of key personnel or failure to hire key personnel; and 

general market conditions. 

Any of these factors
could have a significant and adverse impact on the market price of our common stock and/or warrants. In addition, the stock market in
general has at times experienced extreme volatility and rapid decline that has often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating
performance of particular companies. These broad market fluctuations may adversely affect the trading price of our common stock and/or
warrants, regardless of our actual operating performance. 

Our future sales of
common stock by management and other stockholders may have an adverse effect on the then prevailing market price of our common stock.

In the event a public
market for our common stock is sustained in the future, sales of our common stock may be made by holders of our public float or by holders
of restricted securities in compliance with the provisions of Rule 144 of the Securities Act of 1933. In general, under Rule 144, a non-affiliated
person who has satisfied a six-month holding period in a fully reporting company under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended,
may, sell their restricted common stock without volume limitation, so long as the issuer is current with all reports under the Exchange
Act in order for there to be adequate common public information. Affiliated persons may also sell their common shares held for at least
six months, but affiliated persons will be required to meet certain other requirements, including manner of sale, notice requirements
and volume limitations. Non-affiliated persons who hold their common shares for at least one year will be able to sell their common stock
without the need for there to be current public information in the hands of the public. Future sales of shares of our public float or
by restricted common stock made in compliance with Rule 144 may have an adverse effect on the then prevailing market price, if any, of
our common stock. 

25 

A significant portion
of our total outstanding shares are eligible to be sold into the market in the near future, which could cause the market price of our
common shares to drop significantly, even if our business is doing well. 

As of March 28, 2023, we
have approximately 12,342,000 shares of common stock free trading or eligible for sale under rule 144 out of a total of approximately
17,053,893 outstanding common shares. Any increase in freely trading shares or the perception that such securities will or could come
onto the market could have an adverse effect on the trading price of the securities. No prediction can be made as to the effect, if any,
that sales of these securities, or the availability of such securities for sale, will have on the market prices prevailing from time
to time. Nevertheless, the possibility that substantial amounts of common stock and warrants may be sold in the public market may adversely
affect prevailing market prices for our common stock and could impair our ability to raise capital through the sale of our equity securities
or impair our shareholders ability to sell on the open market. Additionally, any substantial increase of our shares that are eligible
to be sold into the market in the near future could cause the market price of our common shares to drop significantly, even if our business
is doing well. 

We have had to
restate our previously issued consolidated financial statements and as part of that process have identified a material weakness in our
internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2021. If we are unable to develop and maintain an effective system of internal
control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results in a timely manner, which may adversely
affect investor confidence in us and materially and adversely affect our business and operating results. 

In May 2022 and again
in November 2022, our Audit Committee concluded, after discussion with the Company s management and independent registered public
accounting firm BF Borgers, CPA PC, that the previously issued financial statements during the Affected Period should no longer be relied
upon due to: 

The recording of compensation expense for warrants issued in an equity financing. The warrants were a direct offering cost and should have been recorded as a reduction in additional paid-in capital, 

The recording of the sale of warrants for cash that should have increased additional paid-in capital and not other income, 

The recording of a mark to market adjustment for stock sold to third parties. The Company recognized a gain as a part of other income and a decrease to additional paid-in capital, this entry was made in error as the Company was not a holder of an investment of its own stock, 

The reduction of our net operating loss carryforward and related deferred tax assets; and 

Various reclassifications throughout our balance sheet, statement of operations, stockholders equity and cash flows to better reflect the nature or classification of each transaction. 

As part of the restatement
process, we have identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. 

A material weakness
is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility
that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected and corrected on a timely
basis. Effective internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and prevent fraud. We continue to evaluate
steps to remediate the material weakness. These remediation measures may be time consuming and costly and there is no assurance that these
initiatives will ultimately have the intended effects. 

26 

Any failure to maintain
effective internal controls could adversely impact our ability to report our financial position and results from operations on a timely
and accurate basis. If our financial statements are not accurate, investors may not have a complete understanding of our operations. Likewise,
if our financial statements are not filed on a timely basis, we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by the stock exchange
on which our ordinary shares and other securities are listed, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. In either case, there could result
a material adverse effect on our business. Ineffective internal controls could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported
financial information which could have a negative effect on the trading price of our stock. 

We can give no assurance
that the measures we have taken and plan to take in the future will remediate the material weakness identified or that any additional
material weaknesses or restatements of financial results will not arise in the future due to a failure to implement and maintain adequate
internal control over financial reporting or circumvention of these controls. In addition, even if we are successful in strengthening
our controls and procedures, in the future those controls, and procedures may not be adequate to prevent or identify irregularities or
errors or to facilitate the fair presentation of our consolidated financial statements. 

We in the past
identified significant deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting that, if not corrected, could result in material
misstatements of our financial statements. 

We have concluded that
we have not maintained effective internal control over financial reporting through the past three years ended December 31, 2022. The Company
determined that it has deficiencies over financial statements recording in areas of recording revenue and expenses in proper cut off as
well as proper classification of accounts. Significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in our internal control could have a material
adverse effect on us. Due to these deficiencies, there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company s
annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. We are working to remediate these deficiencies
and material weaknesses. We are taking steps to enhance our internal control environment to establish and maintain effective disclosure
and financial controls and procedures, internal control over financial reporting and changes in corporate governance. 

Internal Controls Remediation Efforts 

During fiscal 2022, we have worked to remediate
the deficiencies and material weaknesses in our internal controls. We have taken steps to enhance our internal control environment to
improve and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting and changes in corporate governance. In this regard, the Company
is in the process of adopting several corporate governance policies, and will expand on its 2021 established Audit Committee and other
committees of the Board of Directors. The Audit Committee, as a priority, initiated the process of segregating tasks and processes to
ensure proper internal controls over financial reporting. In connection with this process the Company: 

Hired additional staff, both internally and externally, to the Finance department, with sufficient GAAP and public company financial reporting experience. These hires began their duties in Q3 2022. 

Hired a consultant, Refidential One, to assist in internal control review, risk assessment, process documentation, gap remediation, control testing and monitoring. Starting in February 2022, Refidential One, in accord with the Company, achieved the following results: 

o 
 Identified internal control issues brought forth by process walkthroughs and internal control testing. 

o 
 Successfully implemented remediations to address such internal control issues in 2022. 

o 
 Implemented monitoring activities to ensure these controls are effective, incorporated the testing of these controls in the second half of 2022, and will continue to test and monitor the controls in 2023 and beyond. 

27 

A material weakness in our
internal control over financial reporting could adversely impact our ability to provide timely and accurate financial information, and
to timely or accurately report our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows or maintain effective disclosure controls
and procedures. If we are unable to report financial information timely and accurately or to maintain effective disclosure controls and
procedures, we could be subject to, among other things, regulatory or enforcement actions by the SEC, any one of which could adversely
affect our business prospects. 

Our common stock and our warrants) may be subject to the penny stock rules in the future. It
may be more difficult to resell securities classified as penny stock. 

Our common stock and
warrants may be subject to penny stock rules (generally defined as non-exchange traded stock with a per-share price below
 5.00) in the future. While our common stock and warrants are currently not considered penny stock since they are listed
on the NasdaqCM, if we are unable to maintain that listing and our common stock and warrants are no longer listed on the NasdaqCM, unless
we maintain a per-share price above 5.00, our common stock and warrants will become penny stock. These rules impose additional
sales practice requirements on broker-dealers that recommend the purchase or sale of penny stocks to persons other than those who qualify
as established customers or accredited investors. For example, broker-dealers must determine the appropriateness
for non-qualifying persons of investments in penny stocks. Broker-dealers must also provide, prior to a transaction in a penny stock not
otherwise exempt from the rules, a standardized risk disclosure document that provides information about penny stocks and the risks in
the penny stock market. The broker-dealer also must provide the customer with current bid and offer quotations for the penny stock, disclose
the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction, furnish monthly account statements showing the market value
of each penny stock held in the customer s account, provide a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment
for the purchaser, and receive the purchaser s written agreement to the transaction. 

Legal remedies available
to an investor in penny stocks may include the following: 

If a penny stock is sold to the investor in violation of the requirements listed above, or other federal or states securities laws, the investor may be able to cancel the purchase and receive a refund of the investment. 

If a penny stock is sold to the investor in a fraudulent manner, the investor may be able to sue the persons and firms that committed the fraud for damages. 

28 

These requirements may
have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity, if any, in the secondary market for a security that becomes subject to the
penny stock rules. The additional burdens imposed upon broker-dealers by such requirements may discourage broker-dealers from effecting
transactions in our securities, which could severely limit the market price and liquidity of our securities. These requirements may restrict
the ability of broker-dealers to sell our common stock or our warrants and may affect your ability to resell our common stock and our
warrants. 

Many brokerage firms
will discourage or refrain from recommending investments in penny stocks. Most institutional investors will not invest in penny stocks.
In addition, many individual investors will not invest in penny stocks due, among other reasons, to the increased financial risk generally
associated with these investments. 

For these reasons, penny
stocks may have a limited market and, consequently, limited liquidity. We can give no assurance at what time, if ever, our common stock
or our warrants will not be classified as a penny stock in the future. 

We do not intend
to pay dividends for the foreseeable future and thus you must rely on stock appreciation for any return on your investment. 

We do not anticipate
paying cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. We may not have sufficient funds to legally pay dividends. Even if
funds are legally available to pay dividends, we may nevertheless decide in our sole discretion not to pay dividends. The declaration,
payment and amount of any future dividends will be made at the discretion of our board of directors, and will depend upon, among other
things, the results of our operations, cash flows and financial condition, operating and capital requirements, and other factors our board
of directors may consider relevant. There is no assurance that we will pay any dividends in the future, and, if dividends are paid, there
is no assurance with respect to the amount of any such dividend. As a result, you must rely on stock appreciation and a liquid trading
market for any return on your investment. If an active and liquid trading market does not develop, you may be unable to sell your shares
of common stock at or above the price in the recently completed offering at the time you would like to sell. 

Our principal stockholders,
directors and executive officers have a material level of control over us, which could delay or prevent a change in our corporate control
favored by our other stockholders. 

Currently, our principal stockholders,
directors, and executive officers beneficially own, in the aggregate, approximately 27.4 of our outstanding common stock. The interests
of our current directors and executive officers may differ from the interests of other stockholders. As a result, these current directors
and officers could have the ability to exercise material influence over all corporate actions requiring stockholder approval, irrespective
of how our other stockholders may vote, including the following actions: 

approval of certain mergers and other significant corporate transactions, including a sale of substantially all of our assets and material financing transactions; 

election of directors; 

adoption of or amendments to stock option plans; or 

amendment of charter documents. 

29 

Our certificate of incorporation
grants our board of directors the authority to issue a new series of preferred stock without further approval by our shareholders, which
could adversely affect the rights of the holders of our common shares. 

Our board of directors
has the power to fix and determine the relative rights and preferences of preferred stock. Our board of directors also has the power to
issue preferred stock without further shareholder approval, subject to applicable listing regulations. As a result, our board of directors
could authorize the issuance of new series of preferred stock that would grant to holders thereof certain rights in preference to the
rights of our common stockholders to: 

our assets upon liquidation; 

receive dividend payments ahead of holders of common shares; 

the redemption of the shares, together with a premium, prior to the redemption of our common shares; 

vote to approve matters as a separate class or have more votes per share relative to shares of common stock. 

In addition, our board of
directors could authorize the issuance of new series of preferred stock that is convertible into our common shares or may also authorize
the sale of additional shares of authorized common stock, which could decrease the relative voting power of our common shares or result
in dilution to our existing shareholders. 

As a public company,
we are subject to complex legal and accounting requirements that will require us to incur significant expenses and will expose us to risk
of non-compliance. 

As a public company,
we are subject to numerous legal and accounting requirements, and the Nasdaq maintenance listing requirements, that do not apply to private
companies. The cost of compliance with many of these requirements is material, not only in absolute terms but, more importantly, in relation
to the overall scope of the operations of a small company. Our management team is relatively inexperienced in complying with these requirements,
and our management resources are limited, which may lead to errors in our accounting and financial statements, and which may impair our
operations. This inexperience and lack of resources may also increase the cost of compliance and may also increase the risk that we will
fail to comply. Failure to comply with these requirements can have numerous adverse consequences including, but not limited to, our inability
to file required periodic reports on a timely basis or comply with NasdaqCM listing requirements, resulting in loss of market confidence
and/or governmental or private actions against us, or delisting from NasdaqCM. We cannot assure you that we will be able to comply with
all of these requirements or that the cost of such compliance will not prove to be a substantial competitive disadvantage vis- -vis
our privately held and larger public competitors. 

30 

General Risk Factors 

Certain provisions of
our certificate of incorporation, bylaws and New York law make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us and make a takeover more
difficult to complete, even if such a transaction were in the stockholders interest. 

Our restated certificate
of incorporation, as amended, and by-laws and New York law contain provisions that are intended to deter coercive takeover practices and
inadequate takeover bids by making such practices or bids unacceptably expensive to the raider and to encourage prospective acquirers
to negotiate with our board of directors rather than to attempt a hostile takeover. In addition, provisions of our restated certificate
of incorporation, as amended, by-laws and New York law impose various procedural and other requirements, which could make it more
difficult for shareholders to effect certain corporate actions. These provisions include, among others: 

the inability of our shareholders to call a special meeting; 

rules regarding how shareholders may present proposals or nominate directors for election at shareholder meetings; 

the right of our Board to issue preferred stock without shareholder approval; and 

the ability of our directors, and not shareholders, to fill vacancies on our Board. 

We believe these provisions
may help protect our shareholders from coercive or otherwise unfair takeover tactics by requiring potential acquirers to negotiate with
our Board and by providing our Board with more time to assess any acquisition proposal. These provisions are not intended to make our
Company immune from takeovers. In addition, although we believe these provisions collectively provide for an opportunity to receive higher
bids by requiring potential acquirers to negotiate with our Board, they would apply even if the offer may be considered beneficial by
some shareholders. These provisions may also frustrate or prevent any attempts by our shareholders to replace or remove our current management
team by making it more difficult for shareholders to replace members of our Board, which is responsible for appointing the members of
our management. 

Our bylaws provide
for limitations of director liability and indemnification of directors and officers and employees. 

Our bylaws provide that
we will indemnify our directors, officers and employees to the fullest extent permitted by law. Our bylaws also provide that we are obligated
to advance expenses incurred by a director or officer in advance of the final disposition of any action or proceeding. We believe that
these provisions are necessary to attract and retain qualified persons as directors and officers. 

Section 402(b)
of the BCL permits a New York corporation to include in its certificate of incorporation a provision eliminating the potential monetary
liability of a director to the corporation or its shareholders for breach of fiduciary duty as a director; provided that this provision
may not eliminate the liability of a director (i) for acts or omissions in bad faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a
knowing violation of law, (ii) for any transaction from which the director receives an improper personal benefit or (iii) for any acts
in violation of Section 719 of the BCL. Section 719 provides that a director who votes or concurs in a corporate action will be liable
to the corporation for the benefit of its creditors and shareholders for any damages suffered as a result of an action approving (i) an
improper payment of a dividend, (ii) an improper redemption or purchase by the corporation of shares of the corporation, (iii) an
improper distribution of assets to shareholders after dissolution of the corporation without adequately providing for all known liabilities
of the corporation or (iv) the making of an improper loan to a director of the corporation. 

The limitation of liability
in our bylaws may discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against directors for breach of their fiduciary duties. They may also
reduce the likelihood of derivative litigation against directors and officers, even though an action, if successful, might provide a benefit
to us and our stockholders. Our results of operations and financial condition may be harmed to the extent we pay the costs of settlement
and damage awards against directors and officers pursuant to these indemnification provisions. 

31 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

None. 

Item 2. Properties 

The Company is presently utilizing
the office space of its Chief Financial Officer as its principal executive office located at 35 Torrington Lane, Shoreham, NY 11786. All
employees of the Company are working remotely. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

We are not a party to any pending material legal proceedings. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable. 

32 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Common Equity, Related Stockholder
Matters, and Issuer 

Common Stock 

In the past, our Common Stock
traded on the OTCQB under the symbol MOBQ on a limited basis. In October 2021, our Board of Directors approved the filing,
and we submitted an application in compliance with the NASDAQ rules and regulations to list and trade our Company s securities on
the NasdaqCM. Trading commenced for our common stock and 2021 warrants on December 9, 2021. The following table sets forth the range of
high and low closing sales prices of our Common Stock for the last two fiscal years. 

Quarters Ended 
 High 
 Low 
 
 March 31, 2021 
 10.95 
 6.15 
 
 June 30, 2021 
 9.50 
 5.50 
 
 September 30, 2021 
 10.25 
 6.45 
 
 December 31, 2021 
 9.50 
 2.01 
 
 March 31, 2022 
 2.80 
 1.20 
 
 June 30, 2022 
 2.75 
 0.64 
 
 September 30, 2022 
 2.47 
 0.90 
 
 December 31, 2022 
 1.59 
 0.34 

The closing sales price on March 28, 2023, was 0.194 per share. All quotations
provided herein reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, markdown, or commissions. 

In the event a public
market for our common stock is sustained in the future, sales of our common stock may be made by holders of our public float or by holders
of restricted securities in compliance with the provisions of Rule 144 of the Securities Act of 1933. In general, under Rule 144, a non-affiliated
person who has satisfied a six-month holding period in a fully reporting company under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 may, sell their
restricted Common Stock without volume limitation, so long as the issuer is current with all reports under the Exchange Act in order for
there to be adequate public information disclosed. Affiliated persons may also sell their common shares held for at least six months,
but affiliated persons will be required to meet certain other requirements, including manner of sale, notice requirements and volume limitations.
Non-affiliated persons who hold their common shares for at least one year will be able to sell their shares without the need for there
to be current public information in the hands of the public. Future sales of shares of our public float or by restricted common stock
made in compliance with Rule 144 may have an adverse effect on the then prevailing market price, if any, of our common stock. 

2021 Warrants 

Our 2021 Warrants commenced
trading on the NasdaqCM on December 9, 2021, under the symbol MOBQW. The high and low sales price of our warrants was 0.8093
and 0.025, respectively, for the period December 14, 2021, through March 29, 2023. The closing sales price on March 29, 2023, was 0.025
per warrant. All quotations provided herein reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, markdown or commissions. 

Holders of Record 

As of February
8, 2023, there were 136 active holders of record of our common stock. The number of record holders was determined from the records
of our transfer agent and does not include beneficial owners of common stock whose shares are held in the names of various security brokers,
dealers, and registered clearing agencies. As of February 1, 2023, the Company has a list
consisting of 1,576 beneficial NOBO holders who do not object to having their names provided to the Company. The transfer
agent of our common stock is Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, New York NY. 

33 

DIVIDEND POLICY 

The Company has not paid any
cash dividends to date and does not anticipate or contemplate paying cash dividends on our capital stock in the foreseeable future. It
is the present intention of management to utilize all available funds and future earnings for the development of the Company s business.
Any future determination to declare cash dividends will be made at the discretion of our Board of Directors, subject to applicable laws,
and will depend on our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, general business conditions and other factors
that our Board of Directors may deem relevant. Our future ability to pay cash dividends on our capital stock may be limited by any future
debt instruments or preferred securities. 

RECENT SALES OF UNREGISTERED SECURITIES 

(a) In fiscal 2021, we made sales or issuances
of unregistered securities listed in the table below: 

Date of Sale 
 
 Title of Security 
 
 Number Sold 
 
 Consideration Received and Description of Underwriting or Other Discounts to Market Price or Convertible Security, Afforded to Purchasers 
 
 Exemption from 
Registration Claimed 
 
 If Option, Warrant or Convertible Security, terms of exercise or conversion 

2021 
 
 Common stock 
 
 265,000 shares 
 
 Services rendered 
 
 Rule 506; Section 4(2) 
 
 Not applicable 

2021 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 236,768 shares 
 
 Note conversion 
 
 Section 3(a)(9) 
 
 Not applicable 

2021 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 49,384 shares 
 
 Warrant conversions cashless exercise 
 
 Section 3(a)(9) 

Each warrant exercise. 
 
 Price 5.395, 
 
 Expiration date 9/17/2026 

2021 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 375,000 shares 
 
 Series C Preferred Stock conversion 
 
 Section 3(a)(9) 
 
 (1) 

2021 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 2,631,764 shares 
 
 Shares sold for cash 
 
 Rule 506; Section 4(2) 
 
 Not applicable 

2021 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 92,900 shares 
 
 Original issue discount 
 
 Rule 506; Section 4(2) 
 
 Not applicable 

2021 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 6,250 shares 
 
 Series AAA Preferred Stock conversion 
 
 Rule 506; Section 4(2) 
 
 Not applicable 
 
 ________________ 

(1) 
 1,500 Series C Warrants were converted into 375,000 common shares and a like number of warrants, exercisable at 48.00 per share through September 2023. 

34 

(b) For fiscal 2022, we had no sales or issuances
of unregistered capital stock, except as referenced above and in the table below: 

Date of Sale 
 
 Title of Security 
 
 Number Sold 
 
 Consideration Received and Description of Underwriting or Other Discounts to Market 
 Price or Convertible 
 Security, Afforded to 
 Purchasers 
 
 Exemption 
 from 
 Registration 
 Claimed 
 
 If Option, Warrant or Convertible 
 Security, terms 
 of exercise or 
 conversion 
 
 2022 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 50,000 shares 
 
 Services rendered 

Rule 506, Section 4(2) 
 
 Not applicable 

2022 
 
 Common Stock 

1,878,440 shares 
 888,166 warrants 

Note conversion of 
 2,412,500 of Secured debt and 150,000 of unsecured debt 
 
 Section 3(a)(9) 
 
 Secured debt converted at 1.25 and 1.50 per share and unsecured debt converted at 2.00 and 4.00 per share (1)(2) 

2022 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 922,448 shares 
 
 1,187,500 raised, no commissions paid 
 
 Rule 506, Section
 4(2) 
 
 Not applicable 

(1) 
 The secured investor converted 2,502,500 of principal into
1,368,333 common shares and warrants to purchase 684,166 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 4.00 per share through September
2029. 
 
 (2) 
 The secured investor converted 510,000 of principal into 408,000
common shares and warrants to purchase 204,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 4.00 per share through September 2029. 

On
December 30, 2022, the Company and Walleye Opportunities Master Fund Ltd, a Cayman Islands company (the Investor), entered into a
Securities Purchase Agreement (the Agreement), which closed on January 4, 2023, for the Investor to purchase from the Company (i) a
senior secured 20 OID nine-month promissory note in an aggregate original principal amount of 1,437,500 (the Investor Note), and
(ii) a five year warrant to purchase 2,613,636 shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of 0.44 per share
which is not exercisable until July 1, 2023 (the Investor Warrant). A total of 522,727 shares of Common Stock, or approximately 7.5 
of the Company s outstanding shares of Common Stock (post-issuance), were issued to the Investor as an incentive on the
transaction, excluding the above referenced Investor Warrant, the shares of Common Stock exercisable pursuant to such Investor
Warrant not being considered beneficially owned by the Investor until the Investor Warrant is exercisable within 60 days. A fee of
 103,500 plus warrants to purchase 26,136 shares of Common Stock, exercisable at 0.484 per share, were issued to Spartan Capital
Securities LLC. These warrants were subsequently cancelled on February 7, 2023. Approximately 163,000 of the loan proceeds were
utilized to retire a small business loan originally in the principal amount of 150,000. The Investor Note will only become
convertible into Common Stock upon the occurrence of an Event of Default under and as defined in the Investor Note on terms set
forth in the Investor Note. This Note matures and is payable on or before September 30, 2023, and it provides that the investor may
demand prepayment after March 31, 2023 and before the maturity date, provided that the purchasers of securities in the offering
covered by this prospectus who hold the purchased Company securities at the time the prepayment demand is made unanimously consent
to the prepayment. We expect we will rely on proceeds from future fundings or cashflow from operations to repay the Note on the
maturity date or earlier at our option, or if the investor demands prepayment which is consented to. If we are unable to raise
additional funding after the recently completed offering or do not generate sufficient cashflow to repay the Note when due, we will
be in default under the Note if we do not pay it. The Company granted a security interest in all of its assets to the Investor as
collateral for its obligations under the Investor Note pursuant to a Security Agreement. In addition, the Company s
subsidiaries guaranteed the obligations of the Company under the Investor Note pursuant to a Subsidiary Guarantee and granted a
first lien security interest in all of their assets to the Investor as additional collateral pursuant to the Security Agreement. All
securities sold in the above described transaction contain certain piggy-back registration rights after the completion of our
February 2023 offering. We have completed various other financings as described under the Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements. Exemption from registration is claimed under Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

35 

RECENT
PURCHASES OF SECURITIES 

In 2022 and 2021, we had no repurchases of our
Common Stock, except as described above. 

Item 6. Selected Financial Data 

The information required by
Item 6 is not required by issuers that satisfy the definition of smaller reporting company under SEC rules. 

Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations 

The following discussion should
be read in conjunction with our financial statements and the notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this Form 10-K. All statements contained
herein that are not historical facts, including, but not limited to, statements regarding anticipated future capital requirements, our
future plan of operations, our ability to obtain debt, equity or other financing, and our ability to generate cash from operations, are
based on current expectations. These statements are forward-looking in nature and involve a number of risks and uncertainties that may
cause the Company's actual results in future periods to differ materially from forecasted results. 

This Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations has been amended and restated for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2021, to give effect to the restatement of our financial statements, as more fully described in Note 3 to our financial statements
entitled Restatement of Financial Statements contained in our Form 10-KA Amendment No.2 for the fiscal year ended December
31, 2021. For further detail regarding the restatement, see Explanatory Note and Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition
and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles in the United States. The preparation of financial statements requires management to make estimates and
disclosures on the date of the financial statements. On an on-going basis, we evaluate our estimates including, but not limited to, those
related to revenue recognition. We use authoritative pronouncements, historical experience, and other assumptions as the basis for making
judgments. We believe that the following critical accounting policies affect our more significant judgments and estimates in the preparation
of our financial statements. 

Use of Estimates 

Preparing financial statements in conformity with
U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and revenues and expenses during the reported period. Actual
results could differ from those estimates, and those estimates may be material. 

36 

Risks and Uncertainties 

The Company operates in an industry that is subject
to intense competition and change in consumer demand. The Company s operations are subject to significant risks and uncertainties
including financial and operational risks including the potential risk of business failure. 

The Company has experienced, and in the future
expects to continue to experience, variability in sales and earnings. The factors expected to contribute to this variability include,
among others, (i) the cyclical nature of the industry, (ii) general economic conditions in the various local markets in which the Company
competes, including a potential general downturn in the economy, and (iii) the volatility of prices in connection with the Company s
distribution of the product. These factors, among others, make it difficult to project the Company s operating results on a consistent
basis. 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments 

The Company accounts for financial instruments
at fair value, which as is defined as the exchange price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability (exit
price) in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The valuation techniques are based on observable
and unobservable inputs. Observable inputs reflect readily obtainable data from independent sources, while unobservable inputs reflect
certain market assumptions. There are three levels of inputs that may be used to measure fair value: 

Level 1 Valuation based on quoted market prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities in active markets; 

Level 2 Valuation based on quoted prices in active markets for similar assets and liabilities; and 

Level 3 Valuation based on unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity, which require management s best estimate of what market participants would use as fair value. 

Fair value estimates discussed herein are based
upon certain market assumptions and pertinent information available to management. 

The
respective carrying value of certain on-balance-sheet financial instruments approximated their fair value. These financial instruments
include accounts receivable, accounts payable and accrued expenses, and contract liabilities. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021,
the carrying amounts of these financial instruments approximated their fair values due to the short-term nature of these instruments,
or they are receivable or payable on demand. The fair value of the Company s long-term debt approximates its carrying value based
on current financing rates available to the Company. 

The Company does not have any other financial
or non-financial assets or liabilities that would be characterized as Level 1, Level 2, or Level 3 instruments. 

37 

Accounts Receivable 

Accounts receivable represent customer obligations
under normal trade terms and are stated at the amount management expects to collect from outstanding customer balances. Credit is extended
to customers based on an evaluation of their financial condition and other factors. Interest is not accrued on overdue accounts receivable.
The Company does not require collateral. 

Management periodically assesses the Company s
accounts receivable and, if necessary, establishes an allowance for doubtful accounts. The Company provides an allowance for doubtful
accounts based upon a review of the outstanding accounts receivable, historical collection information and existing economic conditions.
Accounts determined to be uncollectible are charged to operations when that determination is made. 

The
allowance for doubtful accounts was approximately 1,091,000 and 821,000 at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Bad debt expense (recovery) is recorded as a component
of general and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 

Impairment of Long-lived Assets 

Management evaluates the recoverability of the
Company s identifiable intangible assets and other long-lived assets when events or circumstances indicate a potential impairment
exists, in accordance with the provisions of ASC 360-10-35-15 Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets. Events and circumstances
considered by the Company in determining whether the carrying value of identifiable intangible assets and other long-lived assets may
not be recoverable include but are not limited to significant changes in performance relative to expected operating results; significant
changes in the use of the assets; significant negative industry or economic trends; and changes in the Company s business strategy.
In determining if impairment exists, the Company estimates the undiscounted cash flows to be generated from the use and ultimate disposition
of these assets and compares this to the carrying amounts of the assets. 

If impairment is indicated based on a comparison
of the assets carrying values and the undiscounted cash flows, the impairment to be recognized is measured as the amount by which
the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the fair value of the assets. 

Revenue Recognition 

The Company recognizes revenue in accordance with
Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (ASC 606) to align revenue recognition
more closely with the delivery of the Company s services and will provide financial statement readers with enhanced disclosures.
In accordance with ASC 606, revenue is recognized when a customer obtains control of promised services. The amount of revenue recognized
reflects the consideration to which the Company expects to be entitled to receive in exchange for these services. To achieve this core
principle, the Company applies the following five steps: 

Identify the contract with a customer. 

A contract with a customer exists when (i) the
Company enters into an enforceable contract with a customer that defines each party s rights regarding the services to be transferred
and identifies the payment terms related to these services, (ii) the contract has commercial substance and, (iii) the Company determines
that collection of substantially all consideration for services that are transferred is probable based on the customer s intent
and ability to pay the promised consideration. The Company applies judgment in determining the customer s ability and intention
to pay, which is based on a variety of factors including the customer s historical payment experience or, in the case of a new customer,
published credit and financial information pertaining to the customer. 

38 

Identify the performance obligations in the
contract. 

Performance obligations promised in a contract
are identified based on the services that will be transferred to the customer that are both capable of being distinct, whereby the customer
can benefit from the service either on its own or together with other resources that are readily available from third parties or from
the Company, and are distinct in the context of the contract, whereby the transfer of the services is separately identifiable from other
promises in the contract. To the extent a contract includes multiple promised services, the Company must apply judgment to determine whether
promised services are capable of being distinct and distinct in the context of the contract. If these criteria are not met the promised
services are accounted for as a combined performance obligation. 

Determine the transaction price. 

The transaction price is determined based on the
consideration to which the Company will be entitled in exchange for transferring services to the customer. To the extent the transaction
price includes variable consideration, the Company estimates the amount of variable consideration that should be included in the transaction
price utilizing either the expected value method or the most likely amount method depending on the nature of the variable consideration.
Variable consideration is included in the transaction price if, in the Company s judgment, it is probable that a significant future
reversal of cumulative revenue under the contract will not occur. None of the Company s contracts as of December 31, 2022 and 2021
contained a significant financing component. 

Allocate the transaction price to performance
obligations in the contract. 

If the contract contains a single performance
obligation, the entire transaction price is allocated to the single performance obligation. However, if a series of distinct services
that are substantially the same qualifies as a single performance obligation in a contract with variable consideration, the Company must
determine if the variable consideration is attributable to the entire contract or to a specific part of the contract. Contracts that contain
multiple performance obligations require an allocation of the transaction price to each performance obligation based on a relative standalone
selling price basis unless the transaction price is variable and meets the criteria to be allocated entirely to a performance obligation
or to a distinct service that forms part of a single performance obligation. 

Recognize revenue when or as the Company satisfies
a performance obligation. 

The Company satisfies performance obligations
either over time or at a point in time. Revenue is recognized at the time the related performance obligation is satisfied by transferring
a promised service to a customer. 

Each of the Company s customer contracts
is deemed to have a single performance obligation. 

Payment terms and conditions vary by contract,
although terms generally include a requirement of payment within 30 to 90 days. 

Stock-Based Compensation 

The Company accounts for our stock-based compensation
under ASC 718 Compensation Stock Compensation using the fair value-based method. Under this method, compensation
cost is measured at the grant date based on the fair value of the award and is recognized over the requisite service period, which is
generally the vesting period. This guidance establishes standards for the accounting for transactions in which an entity exchanges equity
instruments for goods or services. It also addresses transactions in which an entity incurs liabilities in exchange for goods or services
that are based on the fair value of the entity s equity instruments or that may be settled by the issuance of those equity instruments. 

39 

The Company uses the Black-Scholes model for measuring
the fair value of options and other equity instruments granted to both employees and non-employees. 

When determining fair value of stock-based compensation,
the Company considers the following assumptions incorporated into the Black-Scholes model: 

Exercise price, 

Expected dividends, 

Expected volatility, 

Risk-free interest rate; and 

Expected life of option 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

We consider the applicability and impact of all
new accounting pronouncements on our consolidated financial position, results of operations, stockholders deficit, cash flows,
or presentation thereof. Management has evaluated all recent accounting pronouncements, including the following pronouncements that may
affect the Company, as issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) through the date these consolidated financial statements
were available to be issued and found no recent accounting pronouncements issued, but not yet effective, that when adopted, are likely
to have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements of the Company. 

Financial Instruments Credit Losses: 
In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses
on Financial Instruments (ASU 2016-13). ASU 2016-13 replaces the incurred loss impairment methodology under current
GAAP with a methodology that reflects expected credit losses and requires consideration of a broader range of reasonable and supportable
information to inform credit loss estimates. ASU 2016-13 requires the use of a forward-looking expected credit loss model for
accounts receivables, loans, and other financial instruments. In May 2019, the FASB issued ASU 2019-05, which provides transition relief
for entities adopting ASU 2016-13. For entities that have adopted ASU 2016-13, the amendments in ASU 2019-05 are effective for
fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, including interim periods therein. An entity may early adopt ASU No. 2019-05 in any interim
period after its issuance if the entity has adopted ASU 2016-13. For all other entities, the effective date will be the same as the
effective date of ASU 2016-13. ASU 2016-13 is effective for the Company for the fiscal year beginning after December 15,
2022, including interim periods within those fiscal years. 

Accounting for Contract Assets and Contract
Liabilities from Contracts with Customers: In October 2021, the FASB issued ASU No. 2021-08, Business Combinations (Topic
805): Accounting for Contract Assets and Contract Liabilities from Contracts with Customers (ASU 2021-08). Under ASU 2021-08, an acquirer
in a business combination must apply ASC 606 principles when recognizing and measuring acquired contract assets and contract liabilities.
The provisions of ASU 2021-08 are applicable for the Company for fiscal year and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2022. 

Fair Value Measurement of Equity Securities
Subject to Contractual Sale Restrictions: On September 30, 2022, the FASB issued ASU 2022-03 (ASU 2022-03), which clarifies the
guidance in Topic 820 on the fair value measurement of an equity security that is subject to contractual restrictions that prohibit the
sale of an equity security. The ASU also requires specific disclosures related to such an equity security, including (1) the fair value
of such equity securities reflected in the balance sheet, (2) the nature and remaining duration of the corresponding restrictions, and
(3) any circumstances that could cause a lapse in the restrictions. ASU 2022-03 clarifies that a contractual restriction prohibiting
the sale of an equity security is a characteristic of the reporting entity holding the equity security and is not included in the
equity security s unit of account. Accordingly, an entity should not consider the contractual sale restriction when measuring the
equity security s fair value (i.e., the entity should not apply a discount related to the contractual sale restriction, as stated
in ASC 820-10-35-36B as amended by the ASU). The ASU also prohibits an entity from recognizing a contractual sale restriction as a separate
unit of account. For public business entities, ASU 2022-03 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, and interim
periods within those fiscal years, with early adoption permitted. 

40 

Accounting for Convertible Instruments: 
In August 2020, FASB issued ASU 2020-06, Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity s Own Equity (ASU
2020-06), as part of its overall simplification initiative to reduce costs and complexity of applying accounting standards while maintaining
or improving the usefulness of the information provided to users of financial statements. Among other changes, the new guidance removes
from GAAP separation models for convertible debt that require the convertible debt to be separated into a debt and equity component, unless
the conversion feature is required to be bifurcated and accounted for as a derivative or the debt is issued at a substantial premium.
As a result, after adopting the guidance, entities will no longer separately present such embedded conversion features in equity and will
instead account for the convertible debt wholly as debt. The new guidance also requires use of the if-converted method when
calculating the dilutive impact of convertible debt on earnings per share, which is consistent with the Company s current accounting
treatment under the current guidance. The guidance is effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December
15, 2021, and interim periods within those fiscal years, with early adoption permitted, but only at the beginning of the fiscal year. 

The Company adopted this pronouncement on January
1, 2022. 

Plan of Operation 

Mobiquity intends to hire several new sales and
sales support individuals to help generate additional revenue using the Advangelists platform and the Mobiquity Networks MobiExchange.
Mobiquity s sales team will focus on Advertising Agencies, Brands, and publishers to help increase both supply and demand across
the Advangelists platform while providing unique data segments utilizing MobiExchange. Together the Advangelists platform and MobiExchange
platform creates multiple revenue streams for Mobiquity. The first is licensing the Advangelists platform as a white-label product for
use by Advertising Agencies, DSP s, Publishers, and Brands. Under the White-Label scenario, the user licenses the technology and
is responsible for running its own business operations and is billed a percentage of volume run through the platform. The second revenue
stream is a managed services model in which the user is billed a higher percentage of revenue run through the platform, but all services
are managed by the Mobiquity/Advangelists team. The third revenue model is a seat model, where the user is billed a percentage of revenue
run through the platform and business operations are shared between the user and the Mobiquity/Advangelists team. Additional revenue can
be generated by offering data segments and digital audiences through MobiExchange for use in omnichannel marketing programs that include
but not limited to programmatic advertising email marketing and SMS. The goal of the sales team is to inform potential users of the benefits
in efficiency and effectiveness of utilizing the end-to-end, fully integrated ATOS created by Advangelists and Mobiquity Networks. 

Results of Operations 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 compared to Year
Ended December 31, 2021 

The following table sets forth certain selected
consolidated statement of operations data for the periods indicated in dollars. In addition, the period-to-period comparison may not be
indicative of future performance. 

Year Ended 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 (As Restated) 
 
 Revenues 
 4,167,272 
 2,672,615 
 
 Cost of revenues 
 2,295,404 
 1,954,383 
 
 Gross profit (loss) 
 1,871,868 
 718,232 
 
 General and administrative expenses 
 9,213,632 
 13,607,759 
 
 Loss from operations 
 (7,341,764 
 (12,889,527 

41 

We generated revenues of 4,167,272 in fiscal
2022 as compared to 2,672,615 for same period for fiscal 2021, an increase of 1,494,657. T he nationwide
economic impact of COVID-19 during the past twenty-four months severely reduced operations and we are now seeing a turnaround starting
in the end of fiscal 2022 with a decreasing impact from COVID-19, although we have concerns regarding the overall US economy and a potential
recession. The Company has developed several new features which we believe will help grow revenue in 2023 and beyond. We anticipate
releasing one or more new products and services in 2023 that will address many of the changes that have affected the AdTech industry over
the last year. 

Cost of revenues was 2,295,404 or 55 of revenues
in fiscal 2022 as compared to 1,954,383 or 73 of revenues in the same fiscal period of fiscal 2021. Costs of revenues include audience
building, targeting features and web services for storage of our data and web engineers who are building and maintaining our platforms.
Our ability to capture and store data for sales does not translate to increased cost of sales. During fiscal 2021, the Company incurred
certain costs associated with populating the MobiExchange platform with targeting data and audiences. Such
costs were not repeated or as substantial during fiscal 2022 thus resulting in higher overall margins associated with revenue for the
MobiExchange services for fiscal 2022. 

Gross profit was 1,871,868 or 45 of revenues
for fiscal 2022 as compared to 718,232 in the same fiscal period of 2021 or 27 of revenues. The increased sales have resulted from increased
efforts from our sales force and the recovery from COVID-19. 

General
and administrative expenses were 9,213,632 for fiscal 2022 compared to 13,607,759 (restated) in the comparable period of the prior year,
a decrease of 4,394,127. Overall decrease in operating costs primarily related to decreases stock-based compensation of 4,551,619, computer
support of 191,485, and professional fees of 247,823, offset by increase in license and permits of 194,422, commission of 325,812,
and salaries and payroll taxes of 370,154. 

The
net loss from operations for fiscal 2022 was 7,341,764 as compared to 12,889,527 (restated) for the comparable period of the prior year.
While our loss from operations decreased by 5,547,763 due to improved revenues over the comparable 12 months of fiscal 2021, the continuing
operating loss is attributable to the focused effort in creating the products and services required to move forward with our business. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

We have a history of operating losses, and our
m anagement has concluded that factors raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a
going concern and our auditor has included an explanatory paragraph relating to our ability to continue as a going concern in its
audit report for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021. 

We
had cash of 220,854 at December 31, 2022. Cash used in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2022, was 6,187,383. This
resulted from a net loss of 8,062,328, partially offset by non-cash expenses, including depreciation and amortization of 609,963, stock-based
compensation of 83,605, stock issued for service of 84,500, loss on debt extinguishment of 855,296, and inducement expense of 101,000.
For the year ended December 31, 2022, cash used in investing activities was 8,004 related to the purchase of property and equipment.
Cash provided by financing activities of 1,030,996 was the result of issuance of common stock, net of issuance costs, of 1,187,500,
offset by repayments of notes payable totaling 156,504. 

We had cash of 5,385,245
at December 31, 2021. Restated cash used in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2021, was 6,717,324. This resulted from
a restated net loss of 18,333,383, partially offset by non-cash expenses, including depreciation and amortization of 808,300, stock-based
compensation of 4,635,224, stock issued for service of 1,158,026, and impairment expense of 3,600,000. For the year ended December
31, 2021, restated cash used in investing activities was 6,472 related to the purchase of property and equipment. Restated cash provided
by financing activities of 11,506,859 was the result of proceeds received from the issuance of notes payable totaling 4,143,000 and
repayments of notes payable totaling 2,840,337, as well as stock and warrants issued for cash, net of direct offering costs, of 10,204,196. 

42 

Our company commenced
operations in 1998 and was initially funded by our three founders, each of whom has made demand loans to our company that have been repaid.
Since 1999, we have relied on equity financing and borrowings from outside investors to supplement our cash flow from operations and expect
this to continue in 2023 and beyond until cash flow from our proximity marketing operations becomes substantial. 

Recent Financings 

On October 19, 2021,
the Company filed a Form S-1 Registration Statement (File no. 333-260364) with the Securities and Exchange Commission to raise over 10
million dollars in an underwritten public offering. The next day the Company filed an application to list our common stock on the NasdaqCM
under the symbol MOBQ. This offering was completed on December 13, 2021, and the Company retired the loans of Talos Victory
Fund, LLC and Blue Lake Partners LLC out of the gross proceeds it received of approximately 10.3 million. Also, Talos Victory Fund, LLC
and Blue Lake Partners, LLC converted all of their warrants on a cashless basis into 24,692 common shares and 24,692 common shares, respectively. 

On
December 30, 2022, the Company and Walleye Opportunities Master Fund Ltd, a Cayman Islands company (the Investor), entered into a
Securities Purchase Agreement (the Agreement), which closed on January 4, 2023, for the Investor to purchase from the Company (i) a
senior secured 20 OID nine-month promissory note in an aggregate original principal amount of 1,437,500 (the Investor Note), and
(ii) a five year warrant to purchase 2,613,636 shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of 0.44 per share
which is not exercisable until July 1, 2023 (the Investor Warrant). Proceeds from the Agreement were received in January 2023. A
total of 522,727 shares of Common Stock, or approximately 7.5 of the Company s outstanding shares of Common Stock
(post-issuance), were issued to the Investor as an incentive on the transaction, excluding the above referenced Investor Warrant,
the shares of Common Stock exercisable pursuant to such Investor Warrant not being considered beneficially owned by the Investor
until the Investor Warrant is exercisable within 60 days. A fee of 103,500 plus warrants to purchase 26,136 shares of Common Stock,
exercisable at 0.484 per share, were issued to Spartan Capital Securities LLC. These warrants were subsequently cancelled on
February 7, 2023. Approximately 163,000 of the loan proceeds were utilized to retire a small business loan originally in the
principal amount of 150,000. The Investor Note will only become convertible into Common Stock upon the occurrence of an Event of
Default under and as defined in the Investor Note on terms set forth in the Investor Note. This Note matures and is payable on or
before September 30, 2023, and it provides that the investor may demand prepayment after March 31, 2023 and before the maturity
date, provided that the purchasers of securities in the offering covered by this prospectus who hold the purchased Company
securities at the time the prepayment demand is made unanimously consent to the prepayment. We expect we will rely on proceeds from
future fundings or cashflow from operations to repay the Note on the maturity date or earlier at our option, or if the investor
demands prepayment which is consented to. If we are unable to raise additional funding after the recently completed offering or do
not generate sufficient cashflow to repay the Note when due, we will be in default under the Note if we do not pay it. The Company
granted a security interest in all of its assets to the Investor as collateral for its obligations under the Investor Note pursuant
to a Security Agreement. In addition, the Company s subsidiaries guaranteed the obligations of the Company under the Investor
Note pursuant to a Subsidiary Guarantee and granted a first lien security interest in all of their assets to the Investor as
additional collateral pursuant to the Security Agreement. All securities sold in the above described transaction contain certain
piggy-back registration rights after the completion of our February 2023 offering. We have completed various other financings as
described under the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. Exemption from registration is claimed under Section 4(2) of the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

February 2023 Public Offering 

On February 13, 2023, Mobiquity Technologies,
Inc. entered into an underwriting agreement (the Underwriting Agreement) with the Spartan Capital Securities, LLC (the Underwriter) relating
to the public offering of 3,777,634 shares of common stock (the Shares) and pre-funded warrants to purchase 4,286,883 shares of common
stock, accompanied by Series 2023 Warrants to purchase 12,096,776 shares of common stock (the February 2023 Offering). The offered securities
are priced at a public offering price of 0.465 per combination of one share of common stock or pre-funded warrant, accompanied by one
Series 2023 Warrant. 

43 

Each pre-funded warrant is exercisable at any
time for the purchase of one share of common stock at an exercise price of 0.0001 per share. Each Series 2023 Warrant is exercisable
for five years for the purchase of 1.5 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 0.465 per 1.5 shares. The Series 2023 Warrants
also have an alternative cashless exercise permitting the holder to acquire 0.75 shares for each 1.5 shares any time after the earlier
of (i) 30 days following the initial exercise date of February 14, 2023 and (ii) the date on which the aggregate trading volume of the
Company's common stock beginning on the initial exercise date of the Series 2023 Warrants exceeds 36,290,322 shares. Additionally, the
exercise price of both the pre-funded and Series 2023 warrants are subject to customary adjustments for stock splits, stock dividends,
reclassifications and the like. 

The Company also granted the Underwriters a 45-day
option to purchase up to an additional 1,209,678 shares of common stock and/or pre-funded warrants in lieu of shares, and accompanying
Series 2023 Warrants to purchase 1,814,517 shares of common stock at the public offering price less the underwriting discounts and commissions,
to cover over-allotments, if any. 

The net proceeds to the Company from the sale
of the Shares and Warrants, after deducting the Underwriters discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses payable
by the Company, are expected to be approximately 2,950,000. The February 2023 Offering closed on February 16, 2023. The over-allotment
has not been exercised and the Company cannot assure as to whether the Underwriters will exercise all or any part of the over-allotment
option. 

Additionally, the Registration Statement acted
as a post-effective amendment to the Company s registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-260364) which registered, among
other securities, five-year warrants, exercisable at 4.98 per share (the 2021 Warrants) and 2,807,937 shares issuable upon the exercise
of the 2021 Warrants. 

Between
the closing of the February 2023 Offering and March 28, 2023, one or more investors holding pre-funded warrants converted their pre-funded
warrants into 3,036,667 shares of common stock, and converted 806,451 of the Series 2023 Warrants into 403,226 shares of common stock. 

Description of Series 2023 Warrants and Pre-Funded Warrants Sold
in the February 2023 Offering 

Series 2023 Warrants 

General 

The following is a brief summary of certain terms
and conditions of the Series 2023 Warrants that were offered in the February 2023 Offering. The following description is subject in all
respects to the provisions contained in the form of Series 2023 Warrant, the form of which was filed as an exhibit to the recently completed
registration statement. 

Exercisability 

The Series 2023 Warrants are immediately exercisable
at any time after their original issuance up to the date that is five years after their original issuance. Each of the Series 2023 Warrants
will be exercisable, at the option of each holder, in whole or in part by delivering to us a duly executed exercise notice and, at any
time a registration statement registering the issuance of the shares of common stock underlying the Series 2023 Warrants under the Securities
Act is effective and available for the issuance of such shares, or an exemption from registration under the Securities Act is available
for the issuance of such shares, by payment in full in immediately available funds for the number of shares of common stock purchased
upon such exercise. If a registration statement registering the issuance of the shares of common stock underlying the Series 2023 Warrants
under the Securities Act is not effective or available, the holder may, in its sole discretion, elect to exercise the Series 2023 Warrant
through a cashless exercise, in which case the holder would receive upon such exercise the net number of shares of common stock determined
according to the formula set forth in the Series 2023 Warrant. No fractional shares of common stock will be issued in connection with
the exercise of a Series 2023 Warrant. In lieu of fractional shares, we will pay the holder an amount in cash equal to the fractional
amount multiplied by the exercise price. 

44 

Alternative Cashless Exercise 

On or after the earlier of (i) March 16, 2023
and (ii) the date on which the aggregate composite trading volume of the Company's common stock as reported by Bloomberg LP beginning
on the initial exercise date of the Series 2023 Warrants exceeds 36,290,322 shares, a holder of Series 2023 Warrants may also provide
notice and elect an alternative cashless exercise pursuant to which they would receive an aggregate number of shares equal
the product of (x) the aggregate number of shares of common stock that would be issuable upon a cash exercise and (y) 0.50. For purposes
of clarity, one Series 2023 Warrant to purchase one and one-half shares would be exercisable for 0.75 shares under this alternative cashless
exercise provision. 

Exercise Limitation 

A holder will not have the right to exercise any
portion of the Series 2023 Warrants if the holder (together with its affiliates) would beneficially own in excess of 4.99 (or, upon election
by a holder prior to the issuance of any warrants, 9.99 of the number of shares of our shares of common stock outstanding immediately
after giving effect to the exercise, as such percentage ownership is determined in accordance with the terms of the warrants. However,
any holder may increase or decrease such percentage to any other percentage not in excess of 9.99 , upon at least 61 days prior
notice from the holder to us with respect to any increase in such percentage. 

Exercise Price 

The exercise price per one and one-half shares
of common stock purchasable upon exercise of the Series 2023 Warrants is 0.465. The exercise price of the Series 2023 Warrants may also
be reduced to any amount and for any period of time at the sole discretion of our board of directors. The exercise price and number of
shares of common stock issuable upon exercise will adjust in the event of certain stock dividends and distributions, stock splits, stock
combinations, reclassifications or similar events affecting our shares of common stock. 

Redemption 

On or after August 13, 2023, in the event that
the NasdaqCM closing price of our common stock equals or exceeds 1.86 per share (i.e. 400 of the combined February 2023 Offering price
per common share and Series 2023 Warrant) for a period of at least ten consecutive trading days, then, provided that a current registration
statement covering the resale of the shares underlying the Series 2023 Warrants is in effect, the Company has the right to redeem the
Series 2023 Warrants on ten days prior written notice at a redemption price of 0.001 per Series 2023 Warrant, subject to the warrant
holder s right to convert at any time through the close of business on the trading date prior to the redemption date. 

Transferability 

Subject to applicable laws, the Series 2023 Warrants
may be offered for sale, sold, transferred or assigned without our consent. 

Exchange Listing 

We do not intend to apply for the listing of the
Series 2023 Warrants offered in the aforementioned offering on any stock exchange. Without an active trading market, the liquidity of
the Series 2023 Warrants will be limited. 

45 

Rights as a Stockholder 

Except as otherwise provided in the Series 2023
Warrants or by virtue of such holder s ownership of our shares of common stock, the holder of a Series 2023 Warrant does not have
the rights or privileges of a holder of our shares of common stock, including any voting rights, until the holder exercises the warrant. 

Fundamental Transactions 

In the event of a fundamental transaction, as
described in the Series 2023 Warrants and generally including, with certain exceptions, any reorganization, recapitalization or reclassification
of our shares of common stock, the sale, transfer or other disposition of all or substantially all of our properties or assets, our consolidation
or merger with or into another person, the acquisition of more than 50 of our outstanding shares of common stock, or any person or group
becoming the beneficial owner of 50 of the voting power represented by our outstanding shares of common stock, the holders of the Series
2023 Warrants will be entitled to receive upon exercise of the warrants the kind and amount of securities, cash or other property that
the holders would have received had they exercised the warrants immediately prior to such fundamental transaction. Additionally, as more
fully described in the Series 2023 Warrant, in the event of certain fundamental transactions, the holders of the Series 2023 Warrants
will be entitled to receive consideration in an amount equal to the Black Scholes value of the Series 2023 Warrants on the date of consummation
of such transaction. 

Governing Law 

The Series 2023 Warrants are governed by New York law. 

Pre-Funded Warrants 

General 

The term pre-funded refers to the
fact that the purchase price of the pre-funded warrants in the recently completed offering includes almost the entire exercise price that
will be paid under the pre-funded warrants, except for a nominal remaining exercise price of 0.0001. The purpose of the pre-funded warrants
is to enable investors that may have restrictions on their ability to beneficially own more than 4.99 (or, at the election of such purchaser,
9.99 of our outstanding common stock following the consummation of the recently completed offering the opportunity to invest capital
into the Company without triggering their ownership restrictions, by receiving pre-funded warrants in lieu of shares of our common stock
which would result in such ownership of more than 4.99 or 9.99 , as applicable, and receiving the ability to exercise their option to
purchase the shares underlying the pre-funded warrants at a nominal price at a later date. 

The following is a brief summary of certain terms
and conditions of the pre-funded warrants which were offered in our recently completed offering. The following description is subject
in all respects to the provisions contained in the form of pre-funded warrant, the form of which was filed as an exhibit to the aforementioned
registration statement. 

Exercise Price 

Pre-funded warrants have an exercise price of
 0.0001 per share. The exercise price is subject to appropriate adjustment in the event of certain stock dividends and distributions,
stock splits, stock combinations, reclassifications or similar events affecting our common stock and also upon any distributions of assets,
including cash, stock or other property to our stockholders. 

Exercisability 

The pre-funded warrants are exercisable at any
time after their original issuance and until exercised in full. The pre-funded warrants will be exercisable, at the option of each holder,
in whole or in part by delivering to us a duly executed exercise notice and by payment in full of the exercise price in immediately available
funds for the number of shares of common stock purchased upon such exercise. As an alternative to payment in immediately available funds,
the holder may elect to exercise the pre-funded warrant through a cashless exercise, in which the holder would receive upon such exercise
the net number of shares of common stock determined according to the formula set forth in the pre-funded warrant. No fractional shares
of common stock will be issued in connection with the exercise of a pre-funded warrant. 

46 

Exercise limitations 

The pre-funded warrants may not be exercised by
the holder to the extent that the holder, together with its affiliates, would beneficially own, after such exercise more than 4.99 of
the shares of our common stock then outstanding (including for such purpose the shares of our common stock issuable upon such exercise).
However, any holder may increase or decrease such beneficial ownership limitation upon notice to us, provided that such limitation cannot
exceed 9.99 , and provided that any increase in the beneficial ownership limitation shall not be effective until 61 days after such
notice is delivered. Purchasers of pre-funded warrants in the recently completed offering may also elect prior to the issuance of the
pre-funded warrants to have the initial exercise limitation set at 9.99 of our outstanding shares of common stock. 

Transferability 

Subject to applicable laws, the pre-funded warrants
may be offered for sale, sold, transferred or assigned without our consent. 

Exchange listing 

There is no established trading market for the
pre-funded warrants and we do not expect a market to develop. In addition, we do not intend to apply for the listing of the pre-funded
warrants on any national securities exchange or other trading market. Without an active trading market, the liquidity of the pre-funded
warrants will be limited. 

Fundamental transactions 

In the event of a fundamental transaction, as
described in the pre-funded warrants and generally including any reorganization, recapitalization or reclassification of our common stock,
the sale, transfer or other disposition of all or substantially all of our properties or assets, our consolidation or merger with or into
another person, the acquisition of more than 50 of our outstanding common stock, or any person or group becoming the beneficial owner
of 50 of the voting power represented by our outstanding common stock, upon consummation of such a fundamental transaction, the holders
of the pre-funded warrants will be entitled to receive upon exercise of the pre-funded warrants the kind and amount of securities, cash
or other property that the holders would have received had they exercised the pre-funded warrants immediately prior to such fundamental
transaction without regard to any limitations on exercise contained in the pre-funded warrants. 

No rights as a stockholder 

Except as otherwise provided in the pre-funded
warrant or by virtue of such holder s ownership of shares of our common stock, the holder of a pre-funded warrant does not have
the rights or privileges of a holder of our common stock, including any voting rights, until the holder exercises the pre-funded warrant.
The pre-funded warrants will provide that holders have the right to participate in distributions or dividends paid on our common stock. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

As of December 31, 2022, we did not have any off-balance-sheet
arrangements, as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K. 

Item 7A. Qualitative and Qualitative Disclosures
about Market Risk 

Market risk is the risk of loss arising from adverse
changes in market rates and prices, such as interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates and commodity prices. Our primary exposure
to market risk is interest rate risk associated with our short-term money market investments. The Company does not have any financial
instruments held for trading or other speculative purposes and does not invest in derivative financial instruments, interest rate swaps
or other investments that alter interest rate exposure. The Company does not have any credit facilities with variable interest rates. 

47 

Item 8. Financial Statements 

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT
REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and 
Stockholders of Mobiquity Technologies, Inc. 

Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statement 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheet of Mobiquity Technologies, Inc (the Company) as of December 31, 2022, and the related consolidated statements of operations,
stockholders equity (deficit), and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred
to as the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects,
the consolidated financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for year
ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Substantial Doubt Regarding Going Concern 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements
have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements,
the Company has incurred operating losses, has incurred negative cash flows from operations and has an accumulated deficit. These and
other factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plan regarding
these matters is also described in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements. The consolidated financial statements do not include
any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These consolidated financial statements are the
responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial
statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States)
(PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated
financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we
engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
consolidated financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audit provides
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

48 

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical audit matters communicated below
are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated
to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and
(2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or 

complex judgments. The communication of critical
audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating
the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which
they relate. We determined that there were no critical audit matters. 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2022. 

March 31, 2023 

PCAOB ID 

49 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm 

To the shareholders and the board of directors of Mobiquity Technologies,
Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheet of Mobiquity Technologies, Inc. as of December 31, 2021, and the related statements of operations, stockholders' equity
(deficit), and cash flows for the year then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ).
In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December
31, 2021 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States. 

Restatement of December 31, 2021 Financial
Statements 

As discussed in the form 10-K the financial statements
have been restated to correct certain misstatements. 

Substantial Doubt about the Company s
Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company has
suffered recurring losses from operations and has a significant accumulated deficit. In addition, the Company continues to experience
negative cash flows from operations. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern.
Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that
might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audit. We
are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

50 

Critical Audit Matter 

The critical audit matter communicated below is
a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the
audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially
challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the
financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion
on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

Revenue recognition identification
of contractual terms in certain customer arrangements 

As described in Note 2 to the consolidated financial
statements, management assesses relevant contractual terms in its customer arrangements to determine the transaction price and recognizes
revenue upon transfer of control of the promised goods or services in an amount that reflects the consideration the Company expects to
receive in exchange for those products or services. Management applies judgment in determining the transaction price which is dependent
on the contractual terms. In order to determine the transaction price, management may be required to estimate variable consideration when
determining the amount and timing of revenue recognition. 

The principal considerations for our determination
that performing procedures relating to the identification of contractual terms in customer arrangements to determine the transaction price
is a critical audit matter are there was significant judgment by management in identifying contractual terms due to the volume and customized
nature of the Company s customer arrangements. This in turn led to significant effort in performing our audit procedures which were
designed to evaluate whether the contractual terms used in the determination of the transaction price and the timing of revenue recognition
were appropriately identified and determined by management and to evaluate the reasonableness of management s estimates. 

Addressing the matter involved performing procedures
and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures
included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the revenue recognition process, including those related to the identification
of contractual terms in customer arrangements that impact the determination of the transaction price and revenue recognition. These procedures
also included, among others, (i) testing the completeness and accuracy of management s identification of the contractual terms by
examining customer arrangements on a test basis, and (ii) testing management s process for determining the appropriate amount and
timing of revenue recognition based on the contractual terms identified in the customer arrangements. 

/S BF Borgers CPA PC 

 BF Borgers CPA PC (PCAOB ID 5041) 

We have served as the Company's auditor from 2018
to 2022 

 Lakewood, CO 

March 29, 2022, except for the effects of the
restatement as to which the date is November 28, 2022 

51 

Mobiquity Technologies, Inc. 

 Consolidated Balance
Sheets 

December 31, 
 December 31, 2021 

2022 
 
(As Restated) 

Current Assets 

Cash 

Accounts receivable, net 

Prepaid and other current assets 

Total Current Assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Goodwill 

Intangible assets, net 

Total Assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity (Deficit) 

Current Liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Contract liabilities 

Long-term debt, current portion 

Total Current Liabilities 

Long Term Liabilities 

Long-term debt, less current portion 

Total Long-Term Liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 9) 

Stockholders' Equity (Deficit) 

Preferred stock Series AA; par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding 

Preferred stock Series AAA; par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding 

Preferred stock Series C; 
 par value, 
 shares authorized, 
 shares issued and outstanding 

Preferred stock Series E; 
 par value, 
 shares authorized, 
 shares issued and outstanding 

Common stock; par value, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding 

Treasury stock; par value shares outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholders' Equity (Deficit) 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity (Deficit) 

See Notes to consolidated financial statements. 

52 

Mobiquity Technologies, Inc. 

 Consolidated Statements
of Operations 

Year Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021
 
(As Restated) 

Revenues 

Cost of revenues 

Gross profit 

General and administrative expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expense) 

Interest expense 

Loss on extinguishment of debt - related party 

Impairment of intangible asset 

Inducement expense 

Interest income 

Amortization of debt discount 

Loss on disposal of fixed assets 

Gain on settlement of liability 

Gain on forgiveness of debt 

Total other income - net 

Net loss 

Loss per share - basic and diluted 

Weighted average number of shares outstanding - basic and diluted 

See Notes to consolidated financial statements. 

53 

Mobiquity Technologies,
Inc. 

 Consolidated Statements
of Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

 (As Restated) 

Series AAA Preferred Stock 
 Series C Preferred Stock 
 Series E Preferred Stock 
 Common Stock 
 Paid-in 
 Treasury Shares 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholders' Equity (Deficit) 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Deficit 
 (As Restated) 
 
 Balance
 at December 31, 2021 (As Restated) 

Stock issued for services 

Stock issued for cash 

Stock based compensation 

Stock issued for conversion of long-term
 debt 

Net loss 

Balance at
 December 31, 2022 

Series AAA Preferred Stock 
 Series C Preferred Stock 
 Series E Preferred Stock 
 Common Stock 
 Paid-in 
 Treasury Shares 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholders' Equity (Deficit) 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Deficit 
 (As Restated) 

Balance
 at December 31, 2020 (As Restated) 

Stock issued for services 

Stock issued for cash and warrants
 - net of offering costs of 974,000 (as restated) 

Stock based compensation (as restated) 

Conversion of convertible debt to
 common stock 

Stock issued with debt recorded as
 debt discount 

Warrants issued for interest expense
 (as restated) 

Exercise of warrants for common stock
 (as restated) 

Conversion of Series AAA preferred
 stock 

Conversion of Series C preferred stock 

Net loss (as restated) 

Balance at
 December 31, 2021 (As Restated) 

See Notes to consolidated financial statements. 

54 

Mobiquity Technologies,
Inc. 

 Consolidated Statements
of Cash Flows 

 (As Restated) 

Year Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
(As Restated) 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation 

Amortization of intangibles 

Loss on disposal of fixed assets 

Amortization of debt discount 

Recognition of share based compensation 

Loss on debt extinguishment - related party 

Gain on settlement of liability 

Stock issued for services 

Warrants issued for interest expense 

Impairment of intangibles asset 

Gain on forgiveness of PPP loan 

Inducement expense 

Increase in allowance for bad debt 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities 

(Increase) decrease in accounts receivable 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Increase (decrease) in accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Increase in contract liabilities 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities 

Purchases of property and equipment 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities 

Proceeds from the issuance of notes payable - net 

Common stock issued for cash 

Repayment on notes payable 

Proceeds from stock and warrants issued for cash - net of offering costs 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net (decrease) increase in cash 

Cash - beginning of year 

Cash - end of year 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow Information 

Cash paid for interest 

Cash paid for taxes 

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Stock issued for conversion of long-term debt and accrued interest 

Cashless exercise of warrants for common stock 

See Notes to consolidated financial statements. 

55 

MOBIQUITY TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Mobiquity Networks, Inc. 

Mobiquity Networks, Inc. is a wholly owned subsidiary
of Mobiquity Technologies, Inc., commencing operations in January 2011. Mobiquity Networks started and developed as a mobile advertising
technology company focused on driving foot-traffic throughout its indoor network and has evolved and grown into a next generation data
intelligence company. Mobiquity Networks, Inc. operates our data intelligence platform business. 

Advangelists, LLC 

Advangelists LLC is a wholly owned subsidiary
of Mobiquity Technologies, Inc., acquired through a merger transaction in December 2018, and operates our ATOS platform business. 

Liquidity, Going Concern and Management s
Plans 

These consolidated financial statements have been
prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and the settlement of liabilities and commitments in the
normal course of business. 

As reflected in the accompanying consolidated
financial statements, for the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company had: 

Net loss of and 

Net cash used in operations was 

Additionally, at December 31, 2022, the Company
had: 

Accumulated deficit of 

Stockholders deficit of , and 

Working capital deficit of 

We manage liquidity risk by reviewing, on an ongoing
basis, our sources of liquidity and capital requirements. The Company has cash on hand of at December 31, 2022. 

The Company has incurred significant losses since
its inception in 1998 and has not demonstrated an ability to generate sufficient revenues from the sales of its products and services
to achieve profitable operations. There can be no assurance that profitable operations will ever be achieved, or if achieved, could be
sustained on a continuing basis. In making this assessment we performed a comprehensive analysis of our current circumstances including:
our financial position, our cash flows and cash usage forecasts for the year ended December 31, 2022, and our current capital structure
including equity-based instruments and our obligations and debts. 

Without sufficient revenues from operations, if
the Company does not obtain additional capital, the Company will be required to reduce the scope of its business development activities
or cease operations. In addition to the gross proceeds of 1,437,500 received in conjunction with the Securities Purchase Agreement with
Walleye Opportunities master Fund Ltd. in January 2023, and the 2,950,000 in total net proceeds expected to be received in conjunction
with the February 2023 Offering (see Note 10), the Company may explore obtaining additional capital financing, and the Company is closely
monitoring its cash balances, cash needs, and expense levels. 

These factors create substantial doubt about the
Company s ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that these consolidated financial statements are
issued, as the Company will need additional capital to meet its financial obligations. These consolidated financial statements do not
include any adjustments that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. Accordingly, the consolidated
financial statements have been prepared on a basis that assumes the Company will continue as a going concern and which contemplates the
realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities and commitments in the ordinary course of business. 

Management s strategic plans include the
following: 

Execution of business plan focused on technology development and improvement, 

Seek out equity and/or debt financing to obtain the capital required to
meet the Company s financial obligations, in addition to the gross proceeds of 1,437,500 received in January 2023 noted above.
There is no assurance, however, that lenders and investors will continue to advance capital to the Company or that the new business operations
will be profitable. 

Continuing to explore and execute prospective partnering, distribution and acquisition opportunities, 

Identifying unique market opportunities that represent potential positive short-term cash flow. 

Coronavirus COVID-19 Pandemic 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company s
financial results and operations were adversely impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. The Company is a data location company with a specialty
to drive traffic to retail stores. In the prior two (2) years, the Company suffered from the effects of the pandemic due to lack of traffic
to retail stores related to mandated stay-at-home restrictions and the Company drastically curtailed its operations. The extent to which
the Company s future financial results could be impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic depends on future developments that are highly
uncertain and cannot be predicted at this time. The pandemic also had an effect on the Company s ability attain new customers or
retain existing customers, and to collect on its outstanding accounts receivable, resulting in an increase of its allowance for doubtful
accounts in fiscal 2022 of approximately . The Company is not aware of any specific event or circumstance that would require an
update to its estimates or judgments or a revision of the carrying value of its assets or liabilities. 

These estimates may change, as new events occur,
and additional information is obtained. Actual results could differ materially from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 

t experience any losses on cash balances in excess of FDIC insured limits.
Any loss incurred or a lack of access to funds could have a significant impact on the Company s consolidated financial condition,
results of operations, and cash flows. 

For fiscal 2022 and 2021, sales of our products
to one and two customers generated approximately and of our revenues, respectively. Our contracts with our customers generally
do not obligate them to a specified term and they can generally terminate their relationship with us at any time with a minimal amount
of notice. The loss of one of these customers could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

and 
of outstanding accounts receivable at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

The Company had net accounts receivable of ,
 , and at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

Management periodically assesses the Company s
accounts receivable and, if necessary, establishes an allowance for doubtful accounts. The Company provides its allowance for doubtful
accounts based upon a review of the outstanding accounts receivable, historical collection information and existing economic conditions.
Accounts determined to be uncollectible are charged to operations when that determination is made. 

The allowance for doubtful accounts was approximately
 and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. This allowance relates to receivables generated in previous years
for which collection is uncertain, based in part, as a result of many customers being adversely impacted by COVID-19. 

Bad debt expense (recovery) is recorded as a component
of general and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 

. The charge was recognized in the fourth quarter of 2021, which resulted in the asset being written
down to a net book value of zero. 

impairment of goodwill was recognized by the Company for fiscal 2022 or 2021. 

years. See Note 3 for further details. 

unamortized debt issuance costs remaining at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Allocate the transaction price to performance
obligations in the contract. 

If the contract contains a single performance
obligation, the entire transaction price is allocated to the single performance obligation. However, if a series of distinct services
that are substantially the same qualifies as a single performance obligation in a contract with variable consideration, the Company must
determine if the variable consideration is attributable to the entire contract or to a specific part of the contract. Contracts that contain
multiple performance obligations require an allocation of the transaction price to each performance obligation based on a relative standalone
selling price basis unless the transaction price is variable and meets the criteria to be allocated entirely to a performance obligation
or to a distinct service that forms part of a single performance obligation. 

Recognize revenue when or as the Company satisfies
a performance obligation. 

The Company satisfies performance obligations
at a point in time. Revenue is recognized at the time the related performance obligation is satisfied by transferring the promised service
to a customer. Under both managed services arrangements or self-service arrangements, the Company s promised services under the
contracts include identification, bidding and purchasing of advertisement opportunities. The Company also generally has discretion in
establishing the pricing of the ads. Since the Company is controlling the promise to deliver the contracted services, the Company is considered
the principal in all arrangements for revenue recognition purposes. 

Payment terms and conditions vary by contract,
although terms generally include a requirement of payment within 30 to 90 days. 

Contract Liabilities 

Contract liabilities represent deposits made by
customers before the satisfaction of performance obligation and recognition of revenue. Upon completion of the performance obligation(s)
that the Company has with the customer based on the terms of the contract, the liability for the customer deposit is relieved and revenue
is recognized. As of December 31, 2022, there were in contract liabilities outstanding that we expect to recognize as revenue
in our next fiscal year. There were no upfront payments received as of December 31, 2021. 

Revenues 

All revenues recognized were derived from internet
advertising for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021. 

t incur advertising costs during
the year ended December 31, 2022, and recognized in such costs during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

, , and for the Series AAA, Series C, and Series E preferred
stock, respectively, and the effects of such reclassifications are reflected as of December 31, 2020 on the accompanying consolidated
financial statements, where applicable. There was no net effect on total stockholders equity or net loss for any period as a result
of these reclassifications. 

years 

Less accumulated amortization 

Net carrying value 

The ATOS platform was determined to be fully
impaired as of December 31, 2021. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized 
 and of amortization
expense, respectively, related to intangible assets, which is included in general and administrative expenses on the consolidated statements
of operations. 

Future amortization of definite-lived intangible
assets, for years ending December 31, is as follows: 

2024 

Total 

Convertible Notes Payable (b) 

Small Business Administration (c) 

Notes Payable Accounts Receivable Factoring (d) 

Total Debt 

Current portion of debt 

Long-term portion of debt 

(a) 
 From September through
 March 2021, the Company issued to Dr. Gene Salkind, a director of the Company, along with an affiliate of Dr.
 Salkind, a total of 
 in 15 Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Notes (the Salkind Notes). The Salkind Notes had the following terms, as
 amended: 

The Salkind Notes
 were convertible at any time at a conversion rate of 32.00 (subsequently amended in April 2021 to
 4.00). 

The Company could require
 the Salkind Notes to be converted at any time that the trailing thirty (30) day volume weighted average price per share (as more
 particularly described in the Salkind Notes) of the Company s common stock is above 4.00 per share (as amended). 

Upon conversion of the Salkind Notes,
the Company was to issue warrants for the purchase of common stock of the Company. The number of common shares granted
under the warrants was equivalent to 50 of the total shares issued under the principal converted. The warrants are immediately exercisable
at a price of 4.00 (as amended) per share through September 2029. 

The Salkind Notes were secured by assets of the
Company and its subsidiaries. 

The Salkind Notes contained customary
events of default, which, if uncured, entitle the holders to accelerate payment of the principal and all accrued and unpaid interest
under the promissory notes. 

During 2021, the Company made 
in cash payments on the total principal outstanding at the time of . 

During fiscal 2022, the holders converted
the remaining of outstanding debt through two separate conversion transactions at mutually and Board approved reduced conversion
prices of 1.50 and 1.25 per share, respectively, which also resulted in additional warrants being issued related to the 50 warrant
coverage and based on the total shares issued. In connection with these conversions, a total of restricted common shares were
issued and warrants to purchase restricted common shares at an exercise price of 4.00 per share exercisable through September
2029 were granted. The Company determined that these conversions resulted in debt extinguishment accounting under Accounting Standards
Codification 470-50, Debt Modifications and Extinguishments . As a result, the Company recorded a total loss on debt extinguishment
for fiscal 2022 of , which represented the excess of the debt reacquisition price over its carrying value at the time of the conversions.
Accrued and unpaid interest on the Salkind Notes of 235,563 remains outstanding at December 31, 2022 and is included in accounts payable
and accrued expenses on the accompanying consolidated balance sheet which can be converted at the amended conversion rate of 4.00. 

(b) 
 
 During 2021, the Company issued multiple unsecured
 Convertible Promissory Notes for total debt proceeds of to several private investors who are otherwise unaffiliated shareholders
 of the Company (Convertible Notes). 
 
 A total of 150,000 of non-interest bearing Convertible
 Notes were issued to a single debt holder with an initial conversion price of 6.00 per share, along with a total origination fee consisting
 of 7,500 shares of restricted common stock. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the debt holder converted the 150,000 of debt principal
 at a reduced conversion rate of 2.00 per share under an induced conversion arrangement that included an explicit time limit for conversion.
 The conversion resulted in the issuance of 75,000 shares of common stock and recognition of 101,000 in inducement expense on the accompanying
 consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 A total of 100,000 in 10 Convertible Notes were issued to three individuals
with a maturity date of July 1, 2022. The 10 Convertible Notes contained an automatic conversion feature, effectively converting all
outstanding and unpaid principal on the maturity date at a conversion rate of 4.00 per share. On July 1, 2022, 100,000 of convertible
note principal, and accrued interest of 8,425, were converted into 27,107 common shares at the 4.00 conversion rate. Upon conversion,
the 108,425 of principal and accrued interest was reclassified to stockholders equity. 

(c) 
 In June 2020, the Company received an Economic Injury Disaster Loan of 150,000 from the Small Business Administration
(SBA) which carries a thirty-year term, and interest at 3.7 per annum, with a maturity date in July of 2050. The loan is to be repaid
in monthly installments, including principal and interest, of 731, beginning twelve months from the date of the loan. Total accrued and
unpaid interest on the debt was 13,594 at December 31, 2022 and is included in accounts payable and accrued expenses on the accompanying
consolidated balance sheet. The total principal outstanding has been presented as long-term liabilities as payments required to be made
in 2023 will be applied to accrued interest. 

(d) 
 In July 2021, Business Capital Providers, Inc. purchased certain future receivables from the Company at a discount under agreements dated July of 2021. All loans have been repaid in full as of December 31, 2022. 

Gain on Forgiveness
of Debt PPP Loan 

In
May of 2020, the Company applied and received Small Business Administration (SBA) Cares Act loans due to the COVID-19 Pandemic. Each loan
carried a five-year term and bore interest at 1.00 per annum (PPP Loan). The window to use the funds for the SBA specific purposes was
a twenty-four-week period. If the funds were used for the allotted expenses the PPP Loans are to be forgiven in full. During the second
quarter of 2021, the Company applied for and received forgiveness on the PPP Loan of , which was recognized as gain on forgiveness
of debt on the accompanying consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which may be available to reduce future
taxable income indefinitely. 

The tax effects of temporary differences which
give rise to deferred tax assets are summarized as follows: 

Accounts receivable 

Valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Property and equipment 

Net deferred tax assets 

The change in the Company s valuation
allowance was an increase of 
and a decrease of 
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, primarily related to the increase in net operating losses. 

A reconciliation of the federal statutory rate
to the Company s effective tax rate is as follows: 

() 
 
 Change in deferred tax asset valuation allowance 

Other 

() 

Income taxes at effective rates 

shares of common stock, par value , and shares of preferred stock, 
par value. 

Of the 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock authorized,
the Board of Directors has designated the following: 

shares as Series AA Preferred Stock, outstanding 
 
 shares as Series AAA Preferred Stock, shares outstanding 
 
 shares as Series AAAA Preferred Stock, all previously outstanding shares of which have been redeemed
or converted 
 
 shares as Series C Preferred Stock, outstanding 
 
 shares as Series B Preferred Stock, all previously outstanding shares of which have been redeemed or
converted 
 
 shares as Series E Preferred Stock, shares outstanding 

Rights Under Preferred Stock 

The Company s classes of preferred stock
include the following provisions: 

Optional Conversion Rights 

Series AA preferred stock one share convertible into 50 shares of common stock 
 
 Series AAA preferred stock one share convertible into 100 shares of common stock 
 
 Series C preferred stock one share convertible into 100,000 shares of commons stock 
 
 Series E preferred stock one share at a rate of Stated Value, as defined, divided by 0.08, convertible
commencing January 31, 2020 

Redemption Rights 

Series E preferred stock is redeemable at any
time upon 30 days written notice by the Company and the holders, at a rate of 100 of the Stated Value, as defined. 

Warrant Coverage 

Series C preferred stock carries 100 warrant
coverage upon preferred stock conversion, warrants exercisable through September 20, 2023 at an exercise price of . 

No further voting, dividend or liquidation preference
rights exist as of December 31, 2022 on any class of preferred stock. 

Shares Issued for Services 

Prior to 2021, the Company entered into a consulting
agreement with Sterling Asset Management (Sterling) to provide business advisory services. Compensation paid to Sterling under the agreement
was in the form of common stock. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock to Sterling under
this agreement. On May 28, 2021, the Company entered into a new contract with Sterling to provide assistance and recommendations to help
build strategic partnerships and to provide the Company with advice regarding revenue opportunities, mergers and acquisitions. Under the
new six-month contract, Sterling received 2,500 restricted common shares each month of the agreement (a total of shares) and 
in cash payments. The total fair value of the 22,500 shares of common stock compensation issued to Sterling for the year ended December
31, 2021 was . 

On December 13, 2021, the Company entered into
a consulting agreement with 622 Capital LLC to provide business advisory services over a term of six months. The consultant received 
shares of restricted common stock upon execution of the agreement, which were fair valued at . 

In December 2021, the Company entered into a consulting
agreement with Alchemy Advisory LLC to provide business advisory services over a term of six months. The consultant received shares
of restricted common stock upon execution of the agreement, which were fair valued at . 

On December 29, 2021, the Company entered into
a consulting agreement with Pastel Holdings Inc. to provide business advisory services over a term of eighteen months commencing January
1, 2022. The Company is required to pay a 5,000 per month consulting fee during the term of the agreement and to issue five-year warrants
for the purchase of common shares at an exercise price of 4.565 per share. The total fair value of the warrants issued during
the year ended December 31, 2022 was approximately . 

In March 2022, the Company entered into a consulting
agreement with John Columbia, Inc. to provide business advisory services. As compensation under the agreement, the Company issued 
shares of common stock, fair valued at 1.69 per share, for a total of in exchange for services rendered, as well as monthly payments
of 20,000 over the term of the agreement, recognized as general and administrative services on the accompanying consolidated statement of operations for
the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Common Stock Issued for Cash 

During 2021, the Company issued a total of 
shares of its common stock under various subscription agreements with individual private accredited investors for a per share purchase
price of 6.00 and cash proceeds totaling . The agreements had similar terms and were for the purchase of shares of common stock
for cash. 

On October 19, 2021, the Company filed a Form
S-1 Registration Statement (File no. 333-260364) with the Securities and Exchange Commission to raise over 10 million dollars in an underwritten
public offering. The next day the Company filed an application to list our common stock on the NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbol
 MOBQ. This offering was completed on December 13, 2021, and the Company retired the loans of Talos Victory Fund, LLC and
Blue Lake Partners LLC out of the gross proceeds it received of approximately 10.3 million. All warrants issued to Talos and Blue Lake
were converted on a cashless exercise basis into common shares and common shares, respectively. The Company issued a total
of common shares for total gross proceeds of , and warrants (2021 Warrants) in connection with the public
offering with the warrants exercisable at per share. The Company also issued 5-year warrants to purchase common shares to
the underwriters exercisable at per share. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company
issued shares of common stock at 1.25 per share for total cash proceeds of under thirteen individual stock subscription
agreements. 

Common Stock Issued Upon Conversion of Debt 

During 2021, sixteen of the holders of the Convertible
Notes converted of outstanding principal and accrued interest into a total of shares of common stock at conversion
prices ranging from 4.81 to 7.25 per share. 

During the fourth quarter of 2021, Business Capital
Providers assigned one of its Merchant Agreements and related debt described above to non-affiliated third parties, which subsequently
converted in outstanding indebtedness into common shares pursuant to their terms. 

During 2022, as discussed in Note
4, a total of of related party Convertible Notes principal outstanding was converted into a total of shares
of common stock at conversion prices of 1.25 and 1.50 per share under two individual conversions. The conversions resulted in the Company
recognizing in loss on debt extinguishment and additional paid-in capital as a result of additional common stock warrants
issued by the Company upon conversion of the debt and the reduction of the conversion price. 

During 2022, as discussed in Note 4, the remaining
 
 in outstanding principal under the Convertible Notes was converted into 
 shares of common stock at conversion prices of 2.00 and 4.00 per share under four individual conversions. Conversion of 150,000
in such principal was considered an inducement transaction under U.S. GAAP resulting in the recording of additional in inducement
expense and additional paid-in capital. The balance of in debt principal, plus in accrued interest, was converted during
2022 into shares of common stock at the conversion rate of 4.00 per share. Therefore, the of principal and accrued interest
was reclassified to stockholders equity upon conversion. 

Common Stock Issued in Conjunction with Debt Issuance 

During 2021, the Company issued several convertible
debt promissory notes under subscription agreements with accredited investors. The agreements called for the issuance of shares of restricted
common stock to the debt holders upon issuance of the debt in exchange for a reduced debt financing rate. The total shares issued under
the convertible debt promissory notes was .
The fair value of the shares ranged from 6.00 to 9.38 per share for a total of . 

Common Stock Issued Upon Exercise of Warrants 

During 2021, two warrant holders exercised warrants
under a cashless exercise provision, resulting in the issuance shares of common stock. warrants were exercised during 2022. 

Conversion of Preferred Stock 

During 2021, a shareholder of our Series AAA Preferred Stock converted
 shares, valued at , to shares of our common stock. 

During 2021, the single holder of our Series C
Preferred Stock converted shares, valued at , to shares of our common stock. Pursuant to the Series C Preferred Stock
conversion terms, the shareholder was granted warrants upon conversion at an exercise price of 48.00 with an expiration date
of September 2023. 

option awards to employees or directors of the Company from the 2021 Plan. The options are immediately exercisable at an exercise
price of per share for a period of ten years expiring in December 2031. 

In March of 2022, Anne S. Provost was elected
to the board of directors and was granted options from the Company s 2021 Plan with immediate vesting, at an exercise price
of , and expiration of December 2031. 

In April of 2022, Dean Julia was granted 
options from the Company s 2021 Plan with immediate vesting, at an exercise price of , and expiration of April 2031. 

All stock options under the Plans are
granted at or above the fair market value of the common stock at the grant date. Employee and non-employee stock options vest over
varying periods and generally expire either 5 or 10 years from the grant date. The fair value of options at the date of grant was
estimated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. For option grants, the Company will take into consideration payments subject
to the provisions of ASC 718 Stock Compensation . Previously, such assumptions were determined based on
historical data. The weighted average assumptions incorporated into calculating the fair values of options granted during fiscal
2022 and 2021 are as follows: 

Expected dividend yield 

Risk-free interest rate 
 - 

Expected life (in years) 

Granted 

Cancelled and expired 

Outstanding, December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Cancelled and expired 

Outstanding, December 31, 2022 

Options exercisable, December 31, 2022 

The weighted-average grant-date fair value of
options granted during fiscal 2022, was . 

The aggregate intrinsic value of options outstanding
and options exercisable at December 31, 2022 is calculated as the difference between the exercise price of the underlying options and
the market price of the Company's common stock for the shares that had exercise prices, that were lower than the 0.54 closing price of
the Company's common stock on December 31, 2022, of which there were none. 

The Company s results for fiscal 2022 and
2021 include employee share-based compensation expense totaling and respectively. Such amounts have been included in
the consolidated statements of operations within general and administrative expenses. 

As of December 31, 2022, the unamortized compensation
cost related to unvested stock option awards is , expected to be recognized in fiscal year 2023. 

Warrants 

On December 29, 2021 the Company entered into
a 12 month consulting agreement starting in January 2022 with Pastel Holdings Inc Pastel to provide business advisory services.
Pastel will provide assistance and recommendations to help build strategic partnerships and provide the Company with advice regarding
revenue opportunities, mergers and acquisitions. Pastel receives warrants of the Company s common stock over the first
twelve months of this agreement, all of which were issued during 2022. The warrants shall have a term of five years and shall be exercisable
at per share. A 5,000 per month consulting fee will be paid, in addition to the warrants, commencing on January 1, 2022. The total
fair value of the warrants issued to Pastel totaled and was recognized as general and administrative expense on the accompanying
consolidated statement of operations. 

During fiscal 2022, the Company issued 
warrants in connection with the conversion of secured convertible notes to a related party (see Note 4), with an exercise price of 
per share, immediately exercisable through September 2029. 

The weighted average assumptions made in calculating
the fair value of warrants granted during the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 are as follows: 

 - 

Expected dividend yield 

Risk-free interest rate 
 - 

Expected term (in years) 

Granted 

Exercised 

Expired 

Outstanding, December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Expired 

Outstanding, December 31, 2022 

Stock options 

Warrants 

Total common stock equivalents 

. WPG sought a judgment from the court to collect the claimed unpaid rent plus attorneys fees and other costs of collection.
The Company disputed the claim. On September 18, 2020, the parties entered into a settlement agreement with respect to this lawsuit. Under
the settlement agreement, Mobiquity paid WPG in five 20,000 monthly installments ending in January 2021 and mutual general
releases were exchanged. 

In December 2019, Carter, Deluca Farrell
LP, a law firm, commenced an action in the Supreme Court of New York, County of Nassau, against the Company seeking 113,654 in past due
legal fees allegedly owed. The Company disputed the amount owed to that firm. On March 13, 2021, the Company entered into a settlement
agreement with the law firm and paid them 60,000 to settle the lawsuit. 

In July 2020, Fyber Monetization, an Israeli
company in the business of digital advertising, commenced an action against the Company s wholly owned subsidiary Advangelists
LLC in the Magistrate s Court in Tel Aviv, Israel. In its statement of claim, Fyber alleged that Advangelists owes Fyber
license fees of 584,945 invoiced in June through November 3, of 2019 under a February 1, 2017, license agreement for the use of
Fyber s RTB technology and e-commerce platform which connects digital advertising media buyers and media sellers. In March
2022, this lawsuit was settled with the Company paying 
to Plaintiff and recognizing a gain on settlement of liability of on the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. 

In October 2020, FunCorp Limited, a Cypriot company
which owns and operates social networking websites and mobile applications, commenced an action against the Company s wholly owned
subsidiary Advangelists LLC in Superior Court, State of Washington, County of King alleging Advangelists owed FunCorp for unpaid amounts
due under an insertion order for placement of Advangelists advertisements on FunCorp s iFunny website totaling 42,464 plus
legal fees. Advangelists disputed the claim. In September 2021 the action was settled in payment of and the exchange of general
releases, without Advangelists admitting any liability. The settlement agreement provides that the terms of the settlement agreement and
FunCorp s allegations are confidential and may not be disclosed except as required by law, court order or subpoena with certain
limitations. 

On January 4, 2022, Don Walker Trey Barrett III accepted the position of Chief Operations and Strategy Officer of Mobiquity Technologies, Inc. On March 23, 2022, the Company
reported the termination of the Employment Agreement of Donald (Trey) Barrett III as Chief Operations and Strategy Officer. On April 12,
2022, Mr. Barrett commenced an arbitration against the Company before the American Arbitration Association alleging among other things
that the Company terminated Mr. Barrett without cause in breach of the Employment Agreement. On August 12, 2022, the Company and Mr. Barrett
reached a settlement in which, among other things, the Company and Mr. Barrett mutually deemed that the termination was not for-cause,
the Company agreed to pay Mr. Barrett a sum which is not material to the business or financial condition of the Company, and Mr. Barrett s
non-competition restrictive covenant was canceled. The amount was paid in full settlement of the liability as of September 30, 2022, and
the expense is included in general and administrative expenses on the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. 

Nasdaq Listing Requirements 

Our common stock and 2021 Warrants are listed
on the NasdaqCM. In order to maintain that listing, we must satisfy minimum financial and other continued listing requirements and standards,
including those regarding director independence and independent committee requirements, minimum stockholders equity, minimum share
price, and certain corporate governance requirements. There can be no assurances that we will be able to comply with the applicable listing
standards. 

On January 13, 2023, we received a letter from
The Nasdaq Stock Market stating that the Company was not in compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2) because the closing bid price
of the Company s common stock was below 1.00 per share for 30 consecutive business days. Pursuant to Nasdaq s Listing Rules,
the Company has a 180-day grace period, until July 12, 2023, during which the Company may regain compliance if the bid price of its common
stock closes at 1.00 per share or more for a minimum of ten consecutive business days. 

If we do not regain compliance with the bid price
requirement, we may be eligible for an additional 180-calendar day compliance period so long as we satisfy the criteria for initial listing
on the NasdaqCM and the continued listing requirement for market value of publicly held shares and we provide written notice to Nasdaq
of its intention to cure the deficiency during the second compliance period by effecting a reverse stock split, if necessary. A reverse
stock split requires the approval of our shareholders, and we cannot assure that we will receive the requisite shareholder vote to allow
us to effectuate a stock split. In the event we are not eligible for the second grace period, the Nasdaq staff will provide written notice
that our Common Stock is subject to delisting; however, we may request a hearing before the Nasdaq Hearings Panel, which request, if timely
made, would stay any further suspension or delisting action by the Nasdaq pending the conclusion of the hearing process and expiration
of any extension that may be granted by the Hearings Panel. 

On January 4, 2023, we received a deficiency notification
from the Listing Qualifications Department of The NasdaqCM notifying the Company of its noncompliance with the NasdaqCM Listing Rule 5620(a)
to hold an annual meeting of shareholders within no later than one year after the end of the Company s fiscal year end. Under NasdaqCM
Rules the Company now has 45 calendar days to submit a plan to regain compliance and can grant up to 180 calendar days from the fiscal
year end, or until June 29, 2023, to regain compliance. 

On December 14, 2022, we received a deficiency
letter from the Listing Qualifications Department of The NasdaqCM notifying the Company of its noncompliance with the NasdaqCM Listing
Rule 5550(b)(1) for the NasdaqCM, which requires that a listed company s stockholders equity be at least 2.5 million. In
accordance with NasdaqCM rules, the Company has 45 calendar days from the date of the notification to submit a plan to regain compliance
with NasdaqCM Listing Rule 5550(b)(1). The Company intends to submit a compliance plan within 45 days of the date of the notification
and will evaluate available options to resolve the deficiency and regain compliance. If the Company s compliance plan is accepted,
the Company may be granted up to 180 calendar days from December 14, 2022, to evidence compliance. 

In order to maintain the listing of its common
stock on The NasdaqCM, the Company must demonstrate compliance with Listing Rule 5550(b)(1) which requires the Company to maintain:
(1) Stockholders equity of at least 2.5 million; or (2) Market Value of Listed Securities of at least 35 million.
The Company s plan of compliance outlined a plan for compliance with the stockholders equity standard requirement by completing
the recently completed offering. (see Note 10). As the net proceeds of the recently completed offering was approximately 2,950,000, which
is lower than the amount anticipated, the Company will likely need to raise additional capital and to amend its plan of compliance. 

The Company intends to regain compliance with
each of the applicable continued listing requirements of The NasdaqCM prior to the end of the compliance periods set forth in the Hearings
Panel decision. However, until Nasdaq has reached a final determination that the Company has regained compliance with all of the applicable
continued listing requirements, there can be no assurances regarding the continued listing of the Company s common stock and 2021
Warrants on Nasdaq. If our common stock and 2021 Warrants cease to be listed for trading on the NasdaqCM, we would expect that our Common
Stock and 2021 Warrants would be traded on one of the three tiered marketplaces of the OTC Markets Group. If Nasdaq were to delist our
common stock and 2021 Warrants, it would be more difficult for our stockholders to dispose of our common stock or 2021 Warrants and more
difficult to obtain accurate price quotations on our common stock or 2021 Warrants. The delisting of the Company s common stock
and 2021 Warrants from Nasdaq would have a material adverse effect on the Company s access to capital markets, and any limitation
on market liquidity or reduction in the price of its common stock as a result of that delisting would adversely affect the Company s
ability to raise capital on terms acceptable to the Company, if at all. 

79 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants
on Accounting and Financial Disclosure . 

(1) Previous Independent Auditors : 

a. 
 On June 28, 2022, the Board of Directors dismissed BF Borgers CPA PC BF as the Company s independent accountants. 

b. 
 BF s report on the financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2021, and 2020, contained no adverse opinion or disclaimer of opinion and was not qualified or modified as to audit scope or accounting. 

c. 
 The Audit Committee of our Board of Directors participated in and approved the decision to change independent accountants. Through the period covered by the financial review of financial statements of the quarterly period ending March 31, 2022, there have been no disagreements with BF on any matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure, or auditing scope or procedure, which disagreements, if not resolved to the satisfaction of BF, would have caused them to make reference thereto in their report on the financial statements. Through the interim period June 27, 2022 (the date of dismissal of the former accountant), there have been no disagreements with BF on any matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure, or auditing scope or procedure, which disagreements if not resolved to the satisfaction of BF would have caused them to make reference thereto in their report on the financial statements. 

d. 
 We have authorized BF Borgers CPA PC to respond fully to the inquiries of the successor accountant. 

e. 
 During the interim period through June 28, 2022, there have been no reportable events with us as set forth in Item 304(a)(1)(iv) of Regulation S-K. 

(2) New Independent Accountants: 

a. 
 On June 29, 2022, the Company engaged D. Brooks Associates CPAs as its new registered independent public accountant. During the years ended December 31, 2021, and 2022, and prior to June 29, 2022 (the date of the new engagement), we did not consult with D. Brooks Associates CPAs regarding (i) the application of accounting principles to a specified transaction, (ii) the type of audit opinion that might be rendered on the Company s financial statements by D. Brooks Associates CPAs in either case where written or oral advice provided by D. Brooks Associates CPAs would be an important factor considered by us in reaching a decision as to any accounting, auditing or financial reporting issues or (iii) any other matter that was the subject of a disagreement between us and our former auditor or was a reportable event (as described in Items 304(a)(1)(iv) or Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K, respectively). 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures . 

As required by Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the
Exchange Act, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer evaluated the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
as of December 31, 2022, and quarterly since this date. Based upon this evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2022 and quarterly since this date, due
solely to the material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting primarily related to the accounting for direct offering
costs paid in an equity financing, the sale of warrants and the mark to market of our common stock sold to third parties as described
below in Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. 

80 

In light of this material weakness, we performed
additional analysis as deemed necessary to ensure that our financial statements were prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted
accounting principles. Accordingly, management believes that the financial statements included in this Form 10-K present fairly in all
material respects our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the period presented. 

Report of Management on Internal Control over
Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate
internal control over financial reporting for the Company. Internal control over financial reporting is a process to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America. Internal control over financial reporting includes maintaining records that in reasonable detail
accurately and fairly reflect our transactions; providing reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary for preparation
of our financial statements; providing reasonable assurance that receipts and expenditures of company assets are made in accordance with
management authorization; and providing reasonable assurance that unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of company assets that
could have a material effect on our financial statements would be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Because of its inherent limitations,
internal control over financial reporting is not intended to provide absolute assurance that a misstatement of our financial statements
would be prevented or detected. 

Management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness
of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued
by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation, management concluded that the Company s
internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of December 31, 2021, and quarterly since this date. There were significant
changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the year ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are
reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting, as described below. Our independent auditors have
not audited and are not required to audit this assessment of our internal control over financial reporting for the fiscal year ended December
31, 2022. 

Internal Controls Remediation Efforts 

During fiscal 2022, we have worked to remediate
the deficiencies and material weaknesses in our internal controls. We have taken steps to enhance our internal control environment to
improve and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting and changes in corporate governance. In this regard, the Company
is in the process of adopting several corporate governance policies, and will expand on its 2021 established Audit Committee and other
committees of the Board of Directors. The Audit Committee, as a priority, initiated the process of segregating tasks and processes to
ensure proper internal controls over financial reporting. In connection with this process the Company: 

Hired additional staff, both internally and externally, to the Finance department, with sufficient GAAP
and public company financial reporting experience. These hires began their duties in Q3 2022. 
 
 Hired a consultant, Refidential One, to assist in internal control review, risk assessment, process documentation,
gap remediation, control testing and monitoring. Starting in February 2022, Refidential One, in accord with the Company, achieved the
following results: 

 o 
 Identified internal control issues brought forth by process walkthroughs and internal control testing. 

o Successfully implemented remediations to address such internal control issues in 2022. 
 
 o Implemented monitoring activities to ensure these controls are effective, incorporated the testing of
these controls in the second half of 2022, and will continue to test and monitor the controls in 2023 and beyond. 

Item 9B. Other Information . 

Not applicable. 

81 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and
Corporate Governance 

The following table sets forth
the name, age, position and tenure of our directors. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position(s) 
 
 Served as a 
Director Since 
 
 Dean L. Julia 
 
 55 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, President, Treasurer, Director, Co-Founder 
 
 1998 
 
 Dr. Gene Salkind, M.D. 
 
 70 
 
 Chairman of the Board 
 
 2019 
 
 Peter L. Zurkow 
 
 69 
 
 Director 
 
 2021 
 
 Anne S. Provost 
 
 58 
 
 Director 
 
 2022 
 
 Nate Knight 
 
 72 
 
 Director 
 
 2023 
 
 _______ 

 Mr. Zurkow has resigned
from the Board of Directors as of the close of business on March 31, 2023 for personal reasons. 

Directors 

Our Board currently consists
of five members. Our directors hold office until their successors have been elected and qualified or until the earlier of their resignation
or removal. 

The following biographical
descriptions set forth certain information with respect to each director: 

Dean L. Julia . Mr. Julia works at
Mobiquity Technologies, Inc. where he has served as its Chief Executive Officer since December 2000. Mr. Julia co-founded Mobiquity in
1998. Mr. Julia is responsible for establishing our overall strategy and fostering key relationships with technology partners and developers.
Mr. Julia also works at Mobiquity Networks, Inc., Mobiquity s wholly owned subsidiary, since its formation in 2011. Mr. Julia is
responsible for the integration of the sales and intellectual property departments of Mobiquity. From September 1996 through February
1998, Mr. Julia served as President and Chief Executive Officer of DLJ Consulting, a financial intermediary consultant for public and
private companies. Mr. Julia has served on the board since its inception. Mr. Julia is a graduate of Hofstra University with a Bachelor
of Business Administration in 1990. Except for Mobiquity Technologies, Inc., Mr. Julia does not hold, and has not previously held, any
directorships in any publicly traded reporting companies. 

Gene Salkind, M.D. Dr. Salkind has
served as a director of Mobiquity since January 2019 and Chairman of our board of directors since October 2019. Dr. Salkind is a prominent
practicing neurosurgeon, and he has been a shareholder and has worked as President of Bruno Salkind M.D. P.C. since 1985. He has
also worked at Holy Redeemer Hospital where he is the Chief of Neurosurgery, a position he has held since 2001. Dr. Salkind is board certified
in neurological surgery by the American Board of Neurological Surgery. He served as Chief of Neurosurgery of Albert Einstein Medical Center
in Philadelphia from 1997 to 2002, and of Jeanes Hospital in Philadelphia from 1990 to 2000. In addition to Dr. Salkind s medical
career, he is a tech-company investor, with experience guiding small and micro-cap companies in their development and growth, including
up-listings to national securities exchanges. His experience will help the Company with its business growth and corporate finance strategies.
Dr. Salkind is a graduate of Lewis Katz School of Medicine at Temple University with a Doctor of Medicine in 1979. Dr. Salkind is a graduate
of the University of Pennsylvania with a B.A. in Biology, cum laude in 1974. From 2021 to present, Dr. Salkind has served as a
director at Grove Holdings, Inc., which expects to be a publicly traded company in sixty to ninety days. From 2018 to present, Dr. Salkind
has served as a director at CURE Pharmaceutical Holding Corp., a publicly traded company. From 2014 to 2020, Dr. Salkind served as a director
at Dermtech Intl., a publicly traded company. 

82 

Peter L. Zurkow . Mr. Zurkow serves
as a consultant to Sustainability Industries since 2019. From 2014 to 2019, he worked at Perpetual Recycling Solutions LLC where he served
as the Chief Executive Officer and the head of sales and raw materials procurement. From 2011 to
2013 , Mr. Zurkow worked at Britton Hill Capital where he served as Managing Director and
Head of Corporate Finance. From 2010 to 2012, Mr. Zurkow worked at Advanced Brain Technologies where he served as Acting EVP and Director
of Finance and Business Development. Prior to that Mr. Zurkow worked in management positions in investment banking, fixed income and
asset management as various securities firms and funds. Mr. Zurkow brings knowledge and experience in corporate finance, financial
matters, and investments, with a background in law. His experience will help the Company with its corporate financing strategies and
financial matters. Mr. Zurkow is a graduate of Harvard College, with an A.B., cum laude , in 1975 and a graduate of Syracuse University
College of Law, with a J.D., magna cum laude , in 1978. From 2012 to 2014, Mr. Zurkow served as a director and member of the audit
committee for National Holdings Corporation, a public company until it was acquired by Fortress Biotech. From 1992 through 2005 Mr. Zurkow
served as director (and Chairman of the Board from 1999 to 2002) of Penn Traffic, a public company until it acquired by Giant Eagle and
Tops Markets. From 1996 to 1998 he served as a Director of Streamline, Inc., a former public company. From 1994 through 1996 Mr. Zurkow
served as a director and representative of majority investor for Kash n Karry Supermarkets, then a public company. 

Anne
S. Provost has been employed full-time with TNR Technical, Inc. in various capacities since 1996. She has served as
its Chief Financial Officer since 2008 and was recently elected as Acting President. Prior to TNR, she worked as a Business Manager with
the Orlando Business Journal. She graduated from the University of Central Florida in 1991 with a BSBA, Accounting. She completed her
undergraduate degree while working full-time in the accounting departments of various Orlando law firms. In 2008, she obtained an Executive
MBA from the University of Central Florida. 

Nate Knight , age 72, is an
accomplished business leader with over 30 years of experience as a public accountant, served as an independent director and Chief
Financial Officer of United Heath Products, a publicly traded company, from 2013 to 2020. During his tenure, he brought extensive
expertise and knowledge to the company's financial operations. Additionally, from 1973 to 2004, Mr. Knight owned and operated his
own accounting business, further honing his financial acumen. Prior to joining United Heath Products, he worked as an internal
auditor at Prime Alliance Bank from 2004 to 2010. 

Board Committees 

Audit Committee 

 The Board has established an Audit Committee currently
consisting of Ms. Provost (Chairman) and Messrs. Zurkow and Wright. The Audit Committee s primary functions are to oversee and review:
the integrity of the Company s consolidated financial statements and other financial information furnished by the Company, the Company s
compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, the Company s systems of internal accounting and financial controls, the independent
auditor s engagement, qualifications, performance, compensation and independence, related party transactions, and compliance with
the Company s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. 

Each member of the Audit Committee is independent 
as that term is defined under the applicable rules of the SEC and the applicable rules of Nasdaq. The Board has determined that each Audit
Committee member has sufficient knowledge in financial and auditing matters to serve on the Committee. The Board determined that Ms. Provost
and Mr. Zurkow is an audit committee financial expert, as defined under the applicable rules of the SEC and the applicable
rules of The Nasdaq Stock Market. 

83 

Compensation Committee 

 The Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors
is currently composed of the following three non-employee directors: Mr. Knight (Chairman) and Mr. Zurkow and Ms. Provost. None of these
Compensation Committee members was an officer or employee of the Company during the year. Each member of the Compensation Committee is
 independent as that term is defined under the applicable rules of the SEC and the applicable rules of Nasdaq. The responsibilities
of the Compensation Committee include overseeing the evaluation of executive officers (including the Chief Executive Officer) of the Company,
determining the compensation of executive officers of the Company, and overseeing the management of risks associated therewith. The Compensation
Committee determines and approves the Chief Executive Officer s compensation. The Compensation Committee also administers the Company s
equity-based plans and makes recommendations to the board with respect to actions that are subject to approval of the board regarding
such plans. The Compensation Committee also reviews and makes recommendations to the board with respect to the compensation of directors.
The Compensation Committee monitors the risks associated with the Company s compensation policies and practices as contemplated
by Item 402(s) of Regulation S-K. 

Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee 

 The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee
of the Board of Directors is currently composed of Messrs. Zurkow (Chairman) and Knight and Ms. Provost. None of these members was an
officer or employee of the Company during the year. Each member of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee is independent 
as that term is defined under the applicable rules of the SEC and the applicable rules of NasdaqCM. The Nominating and Corporate Governance
Committee nominates individuals to be elected to the board of directors by our stockholders. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee
considers recommendations from stockholders if submitted in a timely manner in accordance with the procedures set forth in our bylaws
and will apply the same criteria to all persons being considered. 

Executive Officers 

The following table sets forth certain information regarding our current
executive officers: 

NAME 
 
 AGE 
 
 POSITION 

Dean L. Julia 
 
 55 
 
 Chief Executive Officer/President/Treasurer/Director/Co-Founder 
 
 Paul Bauersfeld 
 
 59 
 
 Chief Technology Officer 
 
 Sean J. McDonnell, CPA 
 
 62 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Sean Trepeta 
 
 55 
 
 President of Mobiquity Networks /Secretary of the Company 
 
 Deepanker Katyal 
 
 37 
 
 Chief Executive Officer of Advangelists 

Our executive officers are elected by, and serve
at the discretion of, our Board. The business experience for the past five years, and in some instances, for prior years, of each of our
executive officers is as follows: 

Dean L. Julia. For Mr. Julia s
biography, please see the section entitled Directors. 

Paul Bauersfeld . Mr. Bauersfeld
works at Mobiquity Technologies, Inc. where he has served as the Chief Technology Officer since June 2013. From 2003 to 2013, he worked
at Varsity Networks, an online media and services company dedicated to serving the local sports market through technology, which he founded
and where he served as its Chief Executive Officer. From 2000 to 2001, he worked at MessageOne, where he served as its Chief Executive
Officer. From 1999 to 2000, he worked at Ziff-Davies where he served as its Vice President of eCommerce. From 1997 to 1999, he worked
at Viacom s Nickelodeon Online, where he served as its Technology Director. From 1996 to 1997, he worked at GiftOne, where he served
as its President. From 1988 to 1993, he worked at Apple Computer where he served in various engineering positions. From 1986 to 1988 he
worked at Xerox Corporation. Mr. Bauersfeld brings over 20 years of knowledge and experience as an executive, engineer and entrepreneur
in the technology, and software product development industries. His experience in these industries will help the company develop its products
and technologies. Mr. Bauersfeld is a graduate of the Rochester Institute of Technology with a B.S. in Electrical Engineering in 1986.
Mr. Bauersfeld does not hold, and has not previously held, any directorships in any publicly traded reporting companies. 

84 

Sean J. McDonnell, CPA . Mr. McDonnell
works at Mobiquity Technologies, Inc. where he has served as the Chief Financial Officer since January 2005. From January 1990 to present,
he has owned and operated Sean J. McDonnell CPA, P.C., a private accounting and tax practice. From 1985 to 1990, he worked at Breiner
 Bodian CPAs where he served as a senior staff member. Mr. McDonnell brings knowledge and experience in the accounting, finance and
tax industries. Mr. McDonnell is a graduate of Dowling College with a Bachelor of Business Administration in 1984. Mr. McDonnell does
not hold, and has not previously held, any directorships in any reporting companies. 

Sean Trepeta . Mr. Trepeta works
at our wholly owned subsidiary, Mobiquity Networks, Inc. where he has served as President since January 2011. He is also the Secretary
of the Company since November 2021. From 2007 to 2011, he worked at Varsity Networks where he served as its President. From 1998 to 2007,
Mr. Trepeta worked at OPEX Communications, Inc., a telecommunication service provider specializing in traditional long-distance, wireless,
and dedicated services, where he served as its President. From 1996 to 1998 he worked at U.S. Buying Group, Inc., where he served as Vice
President of Sales and Marketing and was responsible for developing a small business-buying program, which included value added services
such as overnight shipping, office supplies, and computer software products, as well as a full line of telecommunications services. Mr.
Trepeta also developed and implemented the agent and carrier divisions of U.S. Buying Group. Mr. Trepeta brings 25 years of knowledge
and experience in sales and marketing to our Company to help us grow sales and develop marketing strategies. Mr. Trepeta is a graduate
of the State University of New York at Cortland with a B.S. in Education in 1990. Mr. Trepeta served on our Board of Directors from December
2011 to December 2021, at which time he resigned in order to accommodate our Board restructure from three directors five directors including
three independent directors when our common stock became listed on the NASDAQ Capital Market. Mr. Trepeta does not hold any directorships
in any publicly traded reporting companies. 

Deepanker Katyal. Mr. Katyal works
at the Company s wholly owned subsidiary, Advangelists, LLC where he has served as the Chief Executive Officer since the 2017 (prior
to the Company s acquisition of an interest in Advangelists by merger in November 2018). From January 2017 to present, he has also
served as an advisor providing business and product advice to Q1media, a digital media services company. Additionally, from 2016 to present,
he has served as a strategic advisor to Silicon Valley Stealth Mode Products, a private company. From May 2016 to April 2017, he served
as a strategic advisor to Airupt Inc., a mobile marketing platform for brands. From May 2016 to March 2017, he was head of Partnership
and Strategy for Adtile Technologies, a mobile publishing and advertising solution company. From November 2015 to 2016, he served as a
strategic advisor to Moonraft Innovation Labs, a company that creates customer experiences to differentiate the entities clients
in the market by creating and designing interactive experiences across physical and digital customer touch points. From April 2014 to
May 2016, he also served as a member of the innovation team at Opera Mediaworks, a mobile advertising platform company. Mr. Katyal brings
knowledge and experience in software engineering, leading business development efforts, strategic partnerships, and product development
and strategy. His experience will help the Company grow and develop its technology and product strategies. Mr. Katyal was a director of
our Company from December 2018 following our merger transaction with Advangelists until May 2020, when he stepped down from that position
to attend to family matters and focus his working-time commitment on running the day-to-day operations of Advangelists. He does not hold
any directorships in any publicly traded reporting companies. 

COMPLIANCE WITH SECTION 16(A) OF THE EXCHANGE ACT 

Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended, requires our officers and directors, and persons who own more than ten percent of a registered class of our equity securities,
to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission ). Officers,
directors and greater than ten percent stockholders are required by the Commission's regulations to furnish us with copies of all Section
16(a) forms they file. During fiscal 2022, to the best of the knowledge of the Company s directors and officers, no form 3 s,
form 4 s or form 5 s were filed late, except for a Form 5 for Dean Julia. 

85 

Item 11. Executive Compensation . 

The following table sets forth the overall compensation
earned over the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 by: 

each person who served as the principal executive officer of the company during fiscal year 2022 and 2021; 

the Company s most highly compensated (up to a maximum of two) executive officers as of December 31, 2022, and 2021 with compensation during fiscal years 2022 and 2021 of 100,000 or more; and 

those two individuals, if any, who would have otherwise been in included in bullet point above but for the fact that they were not serving as an executive of the company as of December 31, 2022. 

Name and Principal 

Salary 

Bonus 

Stock 

Option Awards 

All Other Compensation 

Total 

Position 
 
 Year 

) 

) 

Awards 

)(1) 

)(2)(3) 

) 

Dean L. Julia 
 
 2022 

346,154 

59,605 

405,759 

CEO of the Company 
 
 2021 

286,615 

925,200 

58,590 

1,270,405 

Deepanker Katyal 
 
 2022 

387,666 

40,086 

427,752 

CEO of Advangelists 
 
 2021 

324,616 

39,702 

364,318 

Paul Bauersfeld 
 
 2022 

288,462 

31,800 

320,262 

Chief Technology Officer 
 
 2021 

238,846 

514,000 

27,365 

780,211 

(1) The options and restricted
stock awards presented in this table for fiscal years 2021 and 2021 reflect the full grant date fair value, as if the total dollar amount
were earned in the year of grant. The stock awards are valued based on the fair market value of such shares on the date of grant and are
charged to compensation expense over the related vesting period. The options are valued at the date of grant based upon the Black-Scholes
method of valuation, which is expensed over the service period over which the options become vested. As a general rule, for time-in-service-based
options, the company will immediately expense any option or portion thereof which is vested upon grant, while expensing the balance on
a pro rata basis over the remaining vesting term of the option. 

(2) Includes all other compensation
not reported in the preceding columns, including (i) perquisites and other personal benefits, or property, unless the aggregate amount
of such compensation is less than 10,000; (ii) any gross-ups or other amounts reimbursed during the fiscal year for the
payment of taxes; (iii) discounts from market price with respect to securities purchased from the company except to the extent available
generally to all security holders or to all salaried employees; (iv) any amounts paid or accrued in connection with any termination (including
without limitation through retirement, resignation, severance or constructive termination, including change of responsibilities) or change
in control; (v) contributions to vested and unvested defined contribution plans; (vi) any insurance premiums paid by, or on behalf of,
the company relating to life insurance for the benefit of the named executive officer; and (vii) any dividends or other earnings paid
on stock or option awards that are not factored into the grant date fair value required to be reported in a preceding column. 

(3) Includes compensation for
service as a director described under Director Compensation, below. 

86 

No outstanding common share purchase option or
other equity-based award granted to or held by any named executive officer in the past two years were re-priced or otherwise materially
modified, including extension of exercise periods, the change of vesting or forfeiture conditions, the change or elimination of applicable
performance criteria, or the change of the bases upon which returns are determined, nor was there any waiver or modification of any specified
performance target, goal or condition to payout, except as follows: 

Executive Officer Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

The following table provides certain information
concerning any common share purchase options, stock awards or equity incentive plan awards held by each of our named executive officers
that were outstanding as of December 31, 2022. The number of shares of common stock referred to in this Executive Compensation 
section gives effect to the one-for 400 share reverse stock split that we effectuated on September 9, 2020, unless the context clearly
indicates otherwise. 

Option Awards 

Stock Awards 
 
 Name 
 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options(#) Exercisable 
 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options(#) Unexercisable 
 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Unearned Options (#) 
 
 Option Exercise Price ) 
 
 Option Expiration Date 
 
 Number of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested (#) 

Market 
 Value of 
 Shares 
 or 
 Units of 
 Stock That 
 Have 
 Not 
 Vested 

Equity 
 Incentive 
 Plan 
 Awards: 
 Number 
 of 
 Unearned 
 Shares, 
 Units or 
 Other 
 Rights 
 That 
 Have 
 Not 
 Vested 

Equity 
 Incentive Plan 
 Awards: 
 Market or 
 Payout Value 
 of 
 Unearned 
 Shares, Units or 
 Other Rights 
 That Have Not 
 Vested 

Dean L. Julia 
 
 12,250 

20.00 
 
 01/24/23 

(1) 
 
 12,500 

28.00 
 
 11/20/23 

62,500 

60.00 
 
 4/2/29 

12,500 

60.00 
 
 4/1/2030 

12,500 

60.00 
 
 4/1/2031 

225,000 

4.565 
 
 12/08/31 

25,000 

4.565 
 
 12/8/2031 

12,500 

1.55 
 
 4/1/2031 

Deepanker Katyal 
 
 128,517 

56.00 
 
 12/6/28 

(1) 
 
 25,000 

36.00 
 
 09/13/24 

12,500 

36.00 
 
 09/13/25 

Paul Bauersfeld 
 
 10,000 

20.00 
 
 01/24/23 

(1) 
 
 7,500 

28.00 
 
 11/20/23 

25,000 

60.00 
 
 04/2/29 

125,000 

4.565 
 
 12/08/31 

(1) 
 All options contain cashless exercise provisions. 

87 

Employment Agreements 

In April of 2020, due to the COVID-19 pandemic all employees 
salaries were reduced by 40 and we terminated one employee. In October of 2020 the employees pay reduction was reduced to a 20 reduction
where it stands through December 17, 2021, employees salaries were returned to full pay. 

Dean Julia 

Dean Julia is employed as the Company s Chief Executive Officer
under an employment agreement with an initial term of three years which commenced on April 2, 2019. In January 2022, his employment agreement
automatically was renewed for a period of an additional two years. Mr. Julia s annual base salary is 360,000. In addition to his
base salary, Mr. Julia is entitled to a quarterly bonus of at least 1 of gross revenue for each completed fiscal quarter, so long as
the Company s gross revenue meets or exceeds 75 of management s stated goal. The quarterly bonus may be paid either in cash,
common stock or stock options, at Mr. Julia s election. Should his employment agreement be terminated prior to the end of any fiscal
year for any reason, other than for cause by the Company, a pro rata portion of the quarterly bonus shall be paid within 30 days of termination.
The Company's board of directors will determine a revenue target each year for the purpose of calculating the quarterly bonus in that
year. Mr. Julia also received a signing bonus of vested 10-year options to purchase 62,500 shares, exercisable at 60 per share. Additionally,
he is also entitled to 10-year options to purchase an additional 12,500 shares of common stock, exercisable at 60 per share, annually
on April 1 st of each year which commenced on April 1, 2020. Additionally, if the Company is acquired through a board of directors-approved
change in control of at least 50 of the Company s outstanding voting stock, or the sale of all or substantially all of the Company s
assets, Mr. Julia shall be entitled to receive a payment in-kind equal to 3 of the consideration paid in connection with that transaction.
He is also entitled to paid disability insurance and term life insurance at an annual cost of not more than 15,000. Additionally, he
is also entitled to receive health, dental and 401(k) benefits as is made available by the Company for its other senior officers, as well
as indemnification by the Company to the fullest extent permitted by law, and the Company s certificate of incorporation and bylaws.
Mr. Julia also has the use of a Company-leased or -owned automobile. Mr. Julia s employment agreement contains customary non-competition
and non-solicitation of Company customers or employees provisions during the term of the agreement. The Company may terminate Mr.
Julia s employment for cause, and Mr. Julia may terminate his employment at any time on three-months notice. Also, the Company
may terminate Mr. Julia s employment agreement on Mr. Julia s death or disability disability being unable to perform
his essential functions for four consecutive months due to physical, mental of emotional incapacity resulting from sickness, disease,
or injury. In each of these termination cases, the Company is obligated only to pay Mr. Julia amounts that were due or accrued prior to
termination, plus, other than in a for-cause-termination, any pro-rata quarterly bonus described above. 

Paul Bauersfeld 

Paul Bauersfeld is employed as the Company s Chief Technology
Officer under an at-will employment agreement which commenced on April 2, 2019. Mr. Bauersfeld s monthly salary is 25,000. Mr.
Bauersfeld is entitled to a quarterly bonus of at least 1 of gross revenue for each completed fiscal quarter, so long as the Company s
gross revenue meets or exceeds management s stated goal. The quarterly bonus may be paid either in cash, common stock or stock options,
at Mr. Bauersfeld s election. Should his employment agreement be terminated prior to the end of any fiscal year for any reason,
other than for cause by the Company, a pro rata portion of the quarterly bonus shall be paid within 30 days of termination. The Company's
board of directors will determine a revenue target each year for the purpose of calculating the quarterly bonus in that year. Mr. Bauersfeld
also received a signing bonus of 10-year options to purchase 25,000 shares, exercisable at 60 per share; 35 of which vested immediately,
35 of which vested on April 2, 2020 and 30 of which vested on April 2, 2021. Mr. Bauersfeld is entitled to participate in the Company s
health plans as well as indemnification by the Company to the fullest extent permitted by law, and the Company s certificate of
incorporation and bylaws. Mr. Bauersfeld s employment agreement contains customary non-competition and non-solicitation of Company
customers or employees provisions during the term of the agreement. Although Mr. Bauersfeld s employment agreement is at-will,
the Company may terminate Mr. Bauersfeld s employment for cause. In the event Mr. Bauersfeld s employment agreement is terminated
other than for cause by the Company, the Company will pay Mr. Bauersfeld severance pay equal to three months of his salary. 

88 

Sean Trepeta 

Sean Trepeta is employed as President of our wholly owned subsidiary,
Mobiquity Networks, Inc. under an at-will employment agreement which commenced on April 2, 2019. Mr. Trepeta s monthly salary is
 20,000. Mr. Trepeta is entitled to a quarterly bonus of at least 1 of gross revenue for each completed fiscal quarter, so long as the
Company s gross revenue meets or exceeds management s stated goal. The quarterly bonus may be paid either in cash, common
stock or stock options, at Mr. Trepeta s election. Should his employment agreement be terminated prior to the end of any fiscal
year for any reason, other than for cause by the Company, a pro rata portion of the quarterly bonus shall be paid within 30 days of termination.
The Company's board of directors will determine a revenue target each year for the purpose of calculating the quarterly bonus in that
year. Mr. Trepeta also received a signing bonus of 10-year options to purchase 25,000 shares, exercisable at 60 per share; 35 of which
vested immediately, 35 of which vested on April 2, 2020, and 30 of which vested on April 2, 2021. Mr. Trepeta is entitled to participate
in the Company s health plans as well as indemnification by the Company to the fullest extent permitted by law, and the Company s
certificate of incorporation and bylaws. Mr. Trepeta s employment agreement contains customary non-competition and non-solicitation
of Company customers or employees provisions during the term of the agreement. Although Mr. Trepeta s employment agreement
is at-will, the Company may terminate Mr. Trepeta s employment for cause. In the event Mr. Trepeta s employment agreement
is terminated other than for cause by the Company, the Company will pay Mr. Trepeta severance pay equal to three months of his salary. 

Deepanker Katyal 

Deepanker Katyal is employed as Chief Executive Officer of our wholly
owned subsidiary, Advangelists, LLC under employment agreement with Advangelists with a term of one year which commenced on January 4,
2022. This2022 agreement superseded Mr. Katyal s prior Employment Agreement dated December 7, 2018 as amended on September 13, 2019.
T he term of Mr. Katyal s 2022employment agreement
expired on January 4, 2023. His employment continues on at at-will basis on the same substantive terms as his 2022 employment agreement.
 Mr. Katyal s annual base salary is 400,000. Mr. Katyal s employment agreement also provides the following compensation:
commissions equal to 10 of the net revenues derived from all New Katyal Managed Accounts (as defined in the agreement being accounts
directly introduced by Mr. Katyal or assigned to Employee in writing by the Manager of the Company). 

89 

During the term of the employment agreement, Mr.
Katyal is entitled to a monthly allowance of up to 550 per month to cover lease or purchase finance costs of an automobile. Mr. Katyal s
employment agreement provides for indemnification by the Company to the fullest extent permitted by the Company s certificate of
incorporation and bylaws, as well as participation in all benefit plans, programs, and perquisites as are generally provided by Advangelists
to its employees, including medical, dental, life insurance, disability and 401(k) participation. Mr. Katyal s employment agreement
contains customary non-solicitation of Company customers or employees provisions during the term of the agreement and for one year
after termination. The agreement provides for termination by Advangelists for cause upon 30 days prior written notice: and without
cause after 60 days prior written notice. The employment agreement terminates automatically upon Mr. Katyal s death, and
it may also be terminated by Advangelists if Mr. Katyal is disabled for more than six consecutive months in any 12-month period disability
being the inability to substantially perform Mr. Katyal's duties and responsibilities by reason of mental or physical illness or injury.
Mr. Katyal is entitled to terminate the agreement for good reason . If Mr. Katyal is terminated by Advangelists for cause,
Advangelists is obligated only to pay Mr. Katyal amounts of base salary and expense reimbursements that were due or accrued prior to the
termination date. If Mr. Katyal is terminated by Advangelists without cause, and provided Mr. Katyal is not in breach under the agreement,
Advangelists is obligated to pay Mr. Katyal his compensation and expense reimbursements that would payable to Mr. Katyal for the remainder
of the contractual employment term had Mr. Katyal remained an employee. If Mr. Katyal s employment is terminated as a result of
his death, Advangelists is obligated to pay Mr. Katyal his salary though the date of termination, and his other compensation for the remainder
of the contractual employment term had Mr. Katyal remained an employee. If Mr. Katyal s employment is terminated as a result of
his disability, provided Mr. Katyal provides a general release, Advangelists is obligated to pay Mr. Katyal his salary though the date
of termination, and his other compensation for the remainder of the contractual employment term had Mr. Katyal remained an employee. If
Mr. Katyal terminates his employment for good reason, and provided Mr. Katyal provides a general release, Advangelists is obligated to
pay Mr. Katyal his compensation and expense reimbursements that would payable to Mr. Katyal for the remainder of the contractual employment
term had Mr. Katyal remained an employee. Mr. Kaytal s employment agreement provides for assignment of ownership rights regarding
intellectual property created by Mr. Katyal relating to the Company s business. 

Sean McDonnell 

Sean McDonnell is employed as the Company s Chief Executive Officer
on a non-full-time basis as an employee at-will with no employment agreement. He has a monthly base salary of 11,000 and he is eligible
to receive options and other bonuses at the discretion of the board. 

Director Compensation 

Currently, one director of the Company is an executive officer of the
Company. He receives compensation as an officer as described above under the heading Executive Compensation and as a Director.
All Board members received Options under our 2021 Compensation Plan as described elsewhere in the Annual Report on Form 10-K/A No.2. On
March 18, 2022, the board of directors approved the payment of 1,000 per month to be paid to each member of the board of directors for
serving on the board and any committees thereof. Future compensation of board members/committee members are at the discretion of the board. 

90 

Employee Benefit and Consulting Services Compensation
Plans 

On January 3, 2005, our company established the
2005 Employee Benefit and Consulting Services Compensation Plan covering 5,000 shares, which 2005 Plan was ratified by our shareholders
in February 2005. On August 12, 2005, the company s stockholders approved a 5,000-share increase in the 2005 Plan to 10,000 shares.
On August 28, 2009, the Board adopted the 2009 Employee Benefit and Consulting Services Compensation Plan identical to the 2005 Plan covering
10,000 shares. In September 2013, the Company s stockholders ratified a board amendment to increase the number of shares covered
by the 2009 Plan to 25,000 shares.In February 2015, the Board approved an increase in the number of shares covered by the 2009 Plan from
25,000 shares to 50,000 shares, subject to shareholder approval within one year. However, shareholder approval was not obtained within
the requisite time period, and the Board established the 2016 Employee Benefit and Consulting Services Compensation Plan covering 25,000
shares which is otherwise identical to the 2005 and 2009 Plans. All options granted under the 2009 Plan, which exceed the Plan limits,
have been moved to the 2016 Plan. In December 2018, the Company approved the 2018 Employee Benefit and Consulting Services Compensation
Plan identical to the other Plans described above, except for the number of shares covered by the Plan is 75,000. The 2018 Plan was ratified
by shareholders in February 2019. On April 2, 2019, the Board approved the 2019 Employee Benefit and Consulting Services Compensation
Plan identical to the other Plans described above, except for the number of shares covered by the Plan is 150,000. Approval of the 2019
Plan was not approved by the shareholders within one year in order to grant incentive stock options under said Plan, and it remains unratified
by our shareholders. On October 13, 2021, the Board approved the Employee Benefit and Consulting Services Compensation Plan identical
to the 2019 Plan except that the number of shares underlying the Plan is 1,100,000. The 2021 Plan was not approved by the shareholders
within one year in order to grant incentive stock options under said Plan. We refer to the 2005, 2009, 2016, 2018, 2019 and 2021 Plans
as the Plans . 

Administration 

A Committee of the Board shall determine at any
time and from time to time after the Effective Date of the Plan: (i) the Eligible Participants; (ii) the number of shares of Common Stock
issuable directly or to be granted pursuant to the Option which an Eligible Participant may exercise; (iii) the price per share at which
each Option may be exercised, including the form of consideration to be paid, or the value per share if a direct issue of stock; and (iv)
the terms on which each Option may be granted. Such determination, may from time to time be amended or altered at the sole discretion
of the Committee. Options granted to officers and/or directors of the Company shall be granted by the Board, or by the Committee, if the
Committee is composed of all members who are Non-Employee Directors. 

Types of Awards 

The Plans are designed to enable us to offer certain officers, employees,
directors and consultants of us and our subsidiaries equity interests in us and other incentive awards in order to attract, retain and
reward such individuals and to strengthen the mutuality of interests between such individuals and our stockholders. In furtherance of
this purpose, the Plans contain provisions for granting non-statutory stock options and incentive stock options and common stock awards. 

Stock Options 

A stock option is a contractual right to purchase a number
of shares of common stock at a price determined on the date the option is granted. An incentive stock option is an option granted under
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to our employees with certain tax advantages to the grantee over non-statutory stock options. The option
price per share of common stock purchasable upon exercise of a stock option and the time or times at which such options shall be exercisable
shall be determined by the Board at the time of grant. Such option price in the case of incentive stock options shall not be less than
100 of the fair market value of the common stock on the date of grant and may be granted below fair market value in the case of non-statutory
stock options. Incentive stock options granted to owners of 10 or more of our common stock must be granted at an exercise price of at
least 110 of the fair market value of our common stock and may not have a term greater than five years. Also, the value of incentive
options vesting to any employee cannot exceed 100,000 in any calendar year. The option price of our options must be paid in cash, money
order, check or common stock of the company. The non-statutory stock options may also contain at the time of grant, at the discretion
of the board, certain other cashless exercise provisions. These cashless exercise provisions are included in the currently outstanding
non-statutory stock options granted by the board. 

91 

Options shall be exercisable at the times and
subject to the conditions determined by the Board at the date of grant, but no option may be exercisable more than ten years after the
date it is granted. If the optionee ceases to be an employee of our company for any reason other than death, any incentive stock option
exercisable on the date of the termination of employment may be exercised for a period of thirty days or until the expiration of the stated
term of the option, whichever period is shorter. In the event of the optionee s death, any incentive stock option exercisable at
the date of death may be exercised by the legal heirs of the optionee from the date of death until the expiration of the stated term of
the option or six months from the date of death, whichever event first occurs. In the event of disability of the optionee, any incentive
stock options shall expire on the stated date that the Option would otherwise have expired or 12 months from the date of disability, whichever
event first occurs. The termination and other provisions of a non-statutory stock option shall be fixed by the board of directors at the
date of grant of each respective option. 

Common Stock Award 

Common stock awards are shares of common stock
that will be issued to a recipient pursuant to the terms of grant. Only a small number of shares have been granted under the Plans. 

Awards 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company has granted a total of 1,136,597
options under the Plans and a total of 26,124 options outside the Plans, or a total of options to purchase 1,162,721 shares of the Company s
Common Stock with a weighted average exercise price of 16.16 per share. The board has granted options with varying terms . The
Company has also granted to various officers, directors and employees of Advangelists, warrants to purchase an aggregate of 166,017 shares
at varying terms. 

It is not possible to predict the individuals
who will receive future awards under the Plans or outside the Plans or the number of shares of Common Stock covered by any future award
because such awards are wholly within the discretion of the Board. The table below contains information as of December 31, 2022, on the
known benefits provided to certain persons and group of persons who own options under or outside the Plans. 

Number of Shares 
 Subject to Options/Warrants 

Average Exercise 
 Price ) per Share 

Value of 
 Unexercised 
 Options/ 
 Warrants at 
 Dec. 31, 2022 (1) 

Dean L. Julia 

374,750 

18.69 

Sean McDonnell 

28,000 

6.58 

Sean Trepeta 

166,750 

14.79 

Paul Bauersfeld 

167,500 

14.81 

Deepanker Katyal 

166,017 

51.48 

Executive Officers as a group 

903,017 

22.90 

Gene Salkind 

1,321,604 

17.28 

Three Independent Directors as a group 

75,000 

4.57 

(1) Value is normally calculated
by multiplying (a) the difference between the market value per share at period end (i.e. 0.54 based upon a last sale on December 30,
2022 and the option exercise price by (b) the number of shares of Common Stock underlying the option. 

92 

Eligibility 

Our officers, employees, directors, and consultants of Mobiquity
and our subsidiaries are eligible to be granted stock options, and common stock awards. 

Termination or Amendment of the Plans 

The board may at any time amend, discontinue, or terminate all
or any part of the Plans, provided, however, that unless otherwise required by law, the rights of a participant may not be impaired without
his or her consent, and provided that we will seek the approval of our stockholders for any amendment if such approval is necessary to
comply with any applicable federal or state securities laws or rules or regulations. 

Nate Knight Options 

On March 16, 2023, Michael A. Wright resigned
from the Board and was replaced by Nate Knight. Mr. Knight has been granted under the Company s 2021 plan five year vested non-statutory
options to purchase 25,000 common shares at an exercise price of .22 per share exercisable at any time after the date of grant. He will
also receive the same cash consideration per month that is paid to other Board members. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters . 

The following table sets forth certain information
regarding beneficial ownership of our voting stock as of March 28, 2023, based upon 17,051,893 common shares outstanding and by: 

each person or group of affiliated persons known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of any class of our voting stock; 

each named executive officer of the Company; 

each of our directors; and 

all executive officers and directors as a group. 

Unless otherwise noted below, the address of each
person listed on the table is c/o Mobiquity Technologies, Inc. at the address set forth herein. To our knowledge, each person listed below
has sole voting and investment power over the shares shown as beneficially owned except to the extent jointly owned with spouses or otherwise
noted below. Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC. The information does not necessarily indicate
ownership for any other purpose. Under these rules, shares of stock which a person has the right to acquire (i.e., by the exercise of
any option or the conversion of such person s outstanding Preferred Stock) within 60 days after March 28, 2023, are deemed to be
beneficially owned and outstanding for purposes of calculating the number of shares and the percentage beneficially owned by that person.
However, these shares are not deemed to be beneficially owned and outstanding for purposes of computing the percentage beneficially owned
by any other person. The percentage of shares owned as of March 28, 2023, is based upon 17,051,893 shares of Common Stock outstanding
on that date. 

93 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 
 Shares of 
Common 
Stock 
 
 Number of 
Shares 
Underlying 
Convertible 
Preferred 
Stock, Notes 
Options and 
Warrants 
 
 Total 
Shares 
Beneficially 
Owned 
 
 Percentage 
of 
Shares 
Beneficially 
Owned ) 

Directors and Executive Officers 

Paul Bauersfeld 

250 

167,500 

167,750 

Dean L. Julia 

4,884 

374,750 

379,634 

2.2 

Sean Trepeta 

2,525 

166,750 

169,275 

Sean McDonnell 

417 

28,000 

28,417 

Deepanker Katyal 

166,017 

166,017 

Nate Knight 

25,000 

25,000 

Gene Salkind 

2,992,354 

1,321,604 

4,313,958 

23.5 

Anne S. Provost 

25,000 

25,000 

Peter Zurkow 

25,000 

25,000 

All Officers and directors as a group (nine persons) 

3,000,430 

2,299,621 

5,300,051 

27.4 

Less than one percent. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director
Independence. 

We describe below all transactions and series
of similar transactions, other than compensation arrangements, during our last three fiscal years, to which we were a party or will be
a party in which: 

the amounts exceeded or will exceed 120,000; and 

any of our directors, executive officers, or holders of more than 5 of our capital stock, or any member of the immediate family of the foregoing persons, had or will have a direct or indirect material interest. 

Compensation arrangements for our directors and named executive officers
are described herein under Executive Compensation. 

Employment Agreements and Executive Compensation 

We have entered into various employment agreements
as described under the heading Executive Compensation . These agreements also provide for us to indemnify such officers and/or
directors to the maximum extent permitted by law. We also carry directors and officers liability insurance which protects
each of our officers and directors up to the policy maximum of 1.5 million, subject to a 1.5 million deductible for securities claims
and 75,000 for other claims. For more information regarding our employment agreements and indemnification provisions, see Executive
Compensation. 

94 

Related Party Debt Financing 

On September 13, 2019, Dr. Gene Salkind, who is
a director of the Company, and an affiliate of Dr. Salkind subscribed for 15 Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Notes and loaned the
Company an aggregate of 2,300,000. These notes were amended and restated on December 31, 2019, by Amended and Restated 15 Senior Secured
Convertible Promissory Notes which deferred interest payments from the date of the original notes to December 31, 2020, and added an aggregate
interim payment of 250,000 payable on December 31, 2020, that covered the deferred interest payments. These notes were again amended
and restated on April 1, 2021, by the Second Amended and Restated 15 Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Notes which reflected an additional
principal amount of 150,000 loaned by Dr. Salkind, and amended the interim payment date to December 31, 2021, and the conversion price
from 32 to 4 per share. The notes were secured by the assets of the Company and its subsidiaries. The total amount loaned under the
notes, as amended, and restated, including the principal amount and the interim payment amount was 2,700,000. 

The notes, as amended and restated, bore annual
interest at 15 which was payable monthly in cash or, at the Salkind lenders option, in shares of the Company s common stock.
The principal amount under the Notes was due on September 30, 2029, and the interim payment was payable on December 31, 2021, unless,
the Notes werE converted into shares of our common stock and warrants as described below. 

The outstanding principal plus any accrued and
unpaid interest, and the interim payment under the notes, were convertible into shares of Company common stock at a conversion price
of 4 per share and warrants to purchase one share of the Company s common stock for every two shares of common stock issuable
upon conversion of the Notes, at an exercise price of 48 per share. The warrant exercise price was amended to 4.00 per share. The notes
contained customary events of default, which, if uncured, entitled the holders to accelerate payment of the principal and all accrued
and unpaid interest under the notes. 

In the second quarter of 2020, we halted required
interest payments under the September 2019 and June 30, 2021, Notes to Dr. Salkind and his affiliate due to economic hardships stemming
from a downturn in our business and the related decline of our revenue resulting from the COVID 19 pandemic. Dr. Salkind and his affiliate
had not declared a default under the Notes due to the non-payment of interest. They had the right to declare the Notes in default at any
time due to uncured non-payment. On December 17, 2021, the Company paid Dr. Salkind and his affiliate an aggregate of 400,000 in accrued
interest and paid down principal of 137,500 to reduce the outstanding principal to 2,562,500 and unpaid interest to 256,850. 

95 

Shares and warrants issued upon
conversion of debt: 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, Dr.
Gene Salkind and his affiliate converted Notes in the aggregate amount of principal and accrued interest of 2,562,500 in exchange
for 1,776,333 shares of common stock (at reduced conversion prices between 1.25 and 1.50 per share) as well as warrants to
purchase 888,166 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 4.00 per share through September 2029. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, a
non-affiliated lender also converted 150,000 of debt into 75,000 shares of common stock at a reduced exercise price. The Company
recorded an inducement expense of 101,000. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the
three remaining convertible notes of non-affiliated lenders automatically converted 100,000 of outstanding debt and accrued
interest of 8,425 into 27,107 shares of common stock at a conversion price of 4.00 per share. 

Notes to the Financial Statements and Other
Disclosures 

The disclosures contained in this Form 10-K, in
particular in the notes to our consolidated financial statements describe various other transactions between the Company s and its
officers, directors and principal shareholders. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and
Services. 

On July 16, 2018, the Company engaged BF Borgers
CPA PC as our registered independent public accountants. Their fees are described in the table below. 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit fees 
 54,000 
 48,600 
 
 Audit- related fees 
 55,000 
 32,400 
 
 Tax fees 

All other fees 
 66,000 
 37,800 
 
 Total fees 
 175,000 
 118,800 

Policy on Board Pre-Approval of Services of
Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Our Board has responsibility for appointing, setting
compensation and overseeing the work of the independent registered public accounting firm. In recognition of this responsibility, the
Board has established a policy to pre-approve all audit and permissible non-audit services provided by the independent registered public
accounting firm. Prior to engagement of the independent registered public accounting firm for the following year s audit, management
will submit to the Board for approval a description of services expected to be rendered during that year for each of following categories
of services: 

Audit services include audit work performed
in the preparation and audit of the annual financial statements, review of quarterly financial statements, reading of annual, quarterly
and current reports, as well as work that generally only the independent auditor can reasonably be expected to provide, such as the provision
of consents and comfort letters in connection with the filing of registration statements. 

96 

Audit-related services are for assurance
and related services that are traditionally performed by the independent auditor, including due diligence related to mergers and acquisitions
and special procedures required to meet certain regulatory requirements. 

Tax services consist principally of assistance
with tax compliance and reporting, as well as certain tax planning consultations. 

Other services are those associated with
services not captured in the other categories. We generally do not request such services from our independent auditor. 

Prior to the engagement, the Board pre-approves
these services by category of service. The fees are budgeted, and the Board requires the independent registered public accounting firm
and management to report actual fees versus the budget periodically throughout the year by category of service. During the year, circumstances
may arise when it may become necessary to engage the independent registered public accounting firm for additional services not contemplated
in the original pre-approval. In those instances, the Board requires specific pre-approval before engaging the independent registered
public accounting firm. 

The Board may delegate pre-approval authority
to one or more of its members. The member to whom such authority is delegated must report, for informational purposes only, any pre-approval
decisions to the audit Board at its next scheduled meeting. 

None of the services described above provided
by our auditors were approved by the Board pursuant to paragraph (c)(7)(i)(C) of Rule 2-01 of Regulation S-X. 

New Auditor 

On June 29, 2022, the Company engaged D. Brooks
 Associates CPAs as its new registered independent public accountant. For the period June 29, 2022, through December 31, 2022, the
company paid D. Brooks Associates CPAs an aggregate of 46,888 for its review of the quarterly financial statements and other Exchange
Act matters for the periods ended June 30, 2022, and September 30, 2022. 

97 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

(a) FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The following documents are filed under ITEM 8 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS as the financial statements of the Company for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021: 

Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms 

 Consolidated Balance Sheets 

 Consolidated Statements of Operations 

 Consolidated Statement of Stockholders' Equity 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Item 16. EXHIBITS 

Exhibit 

Number 
 
 Exhibit Title 
 
 1.0 
 
 Form of Underwriting Agreement (Incorporated by reference to S-1/A dated February 9, 2023.) 
 
 2.1 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger dated November 20, 2018 between Mobiquity Technologies, Inc., Glen Eagles Acquisition LP, Avng Acquisition Sub, LLC, Advangelists, LLC, and Deepankar Katyal as Member Representative (the Advangelists Merger Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K dated December 11, 2018.) 
 
 2.2 
 
 First Amendment to the Advangelists Merger Agreement dated December 6, 2018 (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K dated December 11, 2018.) 
 
 2.3 
 
 Membership Interest Purchase Agreement dated as of April 30, 2019 between Mobiquity Technologies, Inc. and Glen Eagles Acquisition LP (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K dated April 30, 2019.) 
 
 2.4 
 
 Membership Interest Purchase Agreement, effective as of May 8, 2019 between Mobiquity Technologies, Inc. and Gopher Protocol, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K dated May 10, 2019.) 
 
 2.5 
 
 Assignment and Assumption Agreement effective as of May 8, 2019 between Mobiquity Technologies, Inc. and Gopher Protocol, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K dated May 10, 2019.) 
 
 2.6 
 
 Stock Purchase Agreement, effective as of September 13, 2019, by and between Mobiquity Technologies, Inc. and GBT Technologies, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K dated September 13, 2019.) 
 
 2.7 
 
 Subscription Agreement, dated as of September 13, 2019, by and between Mobiquity Technologies, Inc. and Dr. Gene Salkind (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K/A dated September 13, 2019.) 
 
 2.8 
 
 Subscription Agreement, dated as of September 13, 2019, by and between Mobiquity Technologies, Inc. and Marital Trust GST Subject U/W/O Leopold Salkind (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K/A dated September 13, 2019.) 
 
 2.9 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement dated September 20, 2021 by and between Mobiquity Technologies, Inc. and Talos Victory Fund, LLC (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K dated September 20, 2021.) 
 
 2.10 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement dated September 20, 2021 by and between Mobiquity Technologies, Inc. and Blue Lake Partners LLC (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K dated September 20, 2021.) 
 
 2.11 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement dated December 30, 2022 with Walleye (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 4, 2023) 
 
 3.1 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation filed March 26, 1998 (Incorporated by reference to Registrant's Registration Statement on Form 10-SB as filed with the Commission on February 10, 2005) 

98 

3.2 
 
 Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation filed June 10, 1999 (Incorporated by reference to Registrant's Registration Statement on Form 10-SB as filed with the Commission on February 10, 2005) 
 
 3.3 
 
 Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation approved by stockholders in 2005 (Incorporated by reference to Registrant's Registration Statement on Form 10-SB as filed with the Commission on February 10, 2005) 
 
 3.4 
 
 Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation dated September 11, 2008 (Incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Form 10-K for its fiscal year ended December 31, 2012.) 
 
 3.5 
 
 Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation dated October 7, 2009 (Incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Form 10-K for its fiscal year ended December 31, 2012.) 
 
 3.6 
 
 Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation dated May 18, 2012 (Incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Form 10-K for its fiscal year ended December 31, 2012.) 
 
 3.7 
 
 Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation dated September 10, 2013 (Incorporated by reference to Registrant s Form 8-K filed on September 11, 2013.) 
 
 3.8 
 
 Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation filed December 22, 2015 (Incorporated by reference to Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015.) 
 
 3.9 
 
 Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation dated March 23, 2016 (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K dated March 24, 2016.) 
 
 3.10 
 
 Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation dated February 28, 2017 (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K dated March 1, 2017.) 
 
 3.11 
 
 Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation dated September 2018 (Incorporated by reference to Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018.) 
 
 3.12 
 
 Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation dated February 2019 (Incorporated by reference to Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018.) 
 
 3.13 
 
 Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation dated December 17, 2018 (Incorporated by reference to Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018.) 
 
 3.14 
 
 Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation dated December 4, 2018 (Incorporated by reference to Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018.) 
 
 3.15 
 
 Restated Certificate of Incorporation dated July 16, 2019 (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K dated July 15, 2019.) 
 
 3.16 
 
 Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation-Series dated September 23, 2019 
 
 3.17 
 
 Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation dated August 24, 2020 
 
 3.18 
 
 Amended By-Laws (Incorporated by reference to Registrant's Registration Statement on Form 10-SB as filed with the Commission on February 10, 2005) 
 
 3.19 
 
 2014 Amendment to By-Laws (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 24, 2014.) 
 
 3.20 
 
 November 2021 Amendment to By-Laws 
 
 4.1 
 
 Amended and Restated 7,512,500 Promissory Note dated as of May 10, 2019 from Mobiquity Technologies, Inc. to Deepanker Katyal, as representative of the former members of Advangelists, LLC (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K dated May 10, 2019.) 
 
 4.2 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Promissory Note, dated as of September 13, 2019, by and between Mobiquity Technologies, Inc. and Deepankar Katyal, as representative of the former owners of Advangelists, LLC (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K dated September 13, 2019.) 
 
 4.3 
 
 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K dated September 13, 2019.) 
 
 4.4 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note in favor of Dr. Gene Salkind, dated as of September 13, 2019 (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K/A dated September 13, 2019.) 
 
 4.5 
 
 Amended and Restated Convertible Promissory Note in favor of Dr. Gene Salkind, dated as of December 31, 2019 
 
 4.6 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Convertible Promissory Note in favor of Dr. Gene Salkind, dated as of April 1, 2019 
 
 4.7 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note in favor of Marital Trust GST Subject U/W/O Leopold Salkind, dated as of September 13, 2019 (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K/A dated September 13, 2019.) 
 
 4.8 
 
 Amended and Restated Convertible Promissory Note in favor of Marital Trust GST Subject U/W/O Leopold Salkind, dated as of December 31, 2019 
 
 4.9 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Convertible Promissory Note in favor of Marital Trust GST Subject U/W/O Leopold Salkind, dated as of April 1, 2019 
 
 4.10 
 
 Form of Lender Warrant (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K/A dated September 13, 2019.) 
 
 4.11 
 
 Promissory Note in favor of Talos Victory Fund, LLC dated September 20, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K dated September 20, 2021.) 
 
 4.12 
 
 Promissory Note in favor of Blue Lake Partners LLC dated September 20, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K dated September 20, 2021.) 
 
 4.13 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant dated September 20, 2021 issued to Talos Victory Fund, LLC (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K dated September 20, 2021.) 
 
 4.14 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant dated September 20, 2021 issued to Blue Lake Partners LLC (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K dated September 20, 2021.) 
 
 4.15 
 
 Form of 2021 Representative s warrant 
 
 4.16 
 
 Form of 2021Warrant Agent Agreement by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company 

99 

4.17 
 
 Form of 2021 Warrant (Annex C to the
Form of Warrant Agent Agreement attached as Exhibit 4.16) 
 
 4.18 
 
 Form of Representative s Warrant 
 
 4.19 
 
 Form of Series 2023 Warrant (Incorporated by reference to S-1/A dated February 9, 2023.) 
 
 4.20 
 
 Form of Pre-funded Warrant 
 
 4.21 
 
 Form of Investor Convertible Debt Subscription Agreement (5 Original Issue Discount) 
 
 4.22 
 
 Form of Investor Convertible Debt Subscription Agreement (10 Original Issue Discount) 
 
 4.23 
 
 Form of Investor Convertible Debt Subscription Agreement (10 Annual Interest) 
 
 4.24 
 
 Promissory Note dated December 30, 2022 issued to Walleye (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 4, 2023) 
 
 4.25 
 
 Amendment dated February 7, 2023 to Promissory Note dated December 30, 2022 issued to Walleye 
 
 4.26 
 
 Warrant dated December 30, 2022 issued to Walleye (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 4, 2023) 
 
 10.1 
 
 Employment Agreement dated April 2, 2019 Dean L. Julia (Incorporated by reference to Form 10-K/A filed with the SEC on April 26, 2019.) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Employment Agreement dated April 2, 2019 Sean Trepeta (Incorporated by reference to Form 10-K/A filed with the SEC on April 26, 2019.) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Employment Agreement dated April 2, 2019 Paul Bauersfeld (Incorporated by reference to Form 10-K/A filed with the SEC on April 26, 2019.) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Employment Agreement dated December 7, 2018 Deepanker Katyal (Incorporated by reference to Form 10-K/A filed with the SEC on April 26, 2019.) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Employment Agreement, dated as of September 13, 2019, by and between Advangelists, LLC and Deepankar Katyal (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K dated September 13, 2019) 
 
 10.6 
 
 Class B Preferred Stock Redemption Agreement, dated as of September 13, 2019, by and between Mobiquity Technologies, Inc. and Deepankar Katyal (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K dated September 13, 2019) 
 
 10.7 
 
 Merchant Agreement dated April 29, 2021, 2021 by and between Mobiquity Technologies, Inc. and Business Capital Providers, Inc. 
 
 10.8 
 
 Merchant Agreement dated July 28, 2021 by and between Mobiquity Technologies, Inc. and Business Capital Providers, Inc. 
 
 10.9 
 
 Employment Agreement dated January 4, 2022 Deepanker Katyal (Incorporated by reference to Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 30, 2022) 
 
 10.10 
 
 Employment Agreement dated January 4, 2022 Don Walker Trey Barrett, III (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 6, 2022) 
 
 10.11 
 
 Security Agreement and Subsidiary Guarantee with Walleye (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 4, 2023) 
 
 21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Issuer (Incorporated by reference to Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018.) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification in accordance with Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 ) 
 
 31.2 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification in accordance with Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 ) 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification pursuant to 18. U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 ) 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification pursuant to 18. U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 ) 

99.1 
 
 2005 Employee Benefit and Consulting Services Compensation Plan (Incorporated by reference to Registrant s Registration Statement on Form 10-SB/A filed with the Commission March 21, 2005.) 

100 

99.2 
 
 Amendment
 to 2005 Plan (Incorporated by reference to the
 Registrant's Form 10-QSB/A filed with the Commission on August 15, 2005.) 
 
 99.3 
 
 2009
 Employee Benefit and Consulting Services Compensation Plan (Incorporated
 by reference to Form 10-K filed for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2009.) 
 
 99.4 
 
 2018
 Employee Benefit and Consulting Services Compensation Plan. (Incorporated
 by reference to Definitive Proxy Statement filed with the SEC on January 11, 2019.) 
 
 99.5 
 
 2021
 Employee Benefit and Consulting Compensation Plan 
 
 107 
 
 Filing Fee Table 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document

101.SCH 
 
 Inline Document, XBRL Taxonomy
 Extension 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline Calculation Linkbase,
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline Linkbase, XBRL Taxonomy
 Extension Labels 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline Linkbase, XBRL Taxonomy
 Extension 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline Presentation Linkbase

_______________ 

Filed herewith 

Previously filed under Form S-1 Registration Statement, File No. 333-260364. 

Previously filed 

(c) FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

We are not filing any financial statement schedules
as part of this Form 10-K because such schedules are either not applicable or the required information is included in the financial statements
or notes thereto. 

101 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

MOBIQUITY TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

By: 
 /s/ Dean L. Julia 

Dean L. Julia, 

Principal Executive Officer 

Dated: Shoreham, New York 

 March 31, 2023 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in
the capacities and on the dates indicated: 

Name 
 
 Title 

Date 

/s/ Dean L. Julia 
 
 Principal Executive Officer and Director 

March 31, 2023 

Dean L. Julia 

/s/Anne S. Provost 
 
 Director 

March 31, 2023 

Anne S. Provost 

Director 

Peter Zurkow 

/s/Sean J. McDonnell, CPA 
 
 Principal Financial Officer 

March 31, 2023 

Sean J. McDonnell 

/s/Nate
 Knight 
 
 Director 

March 31, 2023 

Nate Knight 

/s/Gene Salkind 
 
 Chairman of the Board 

March 31, 2023 

Gene Salkind 

Dean L. Julia, Anne S. Provost, Peter Zurkow,
Nate Knight and Dr. Gene Salkind represent all the current members of the Board of Directors. 

102 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 mobiquity_ex3101.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED 

I, Dean L. Julia certifies that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Mobiquity Technologies, Inc.; 

2 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the consolidated financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors: 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2023 

/s/ Dean L. Julia 

Principal Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 mobiquity_ex3102.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED 

I, Sean McDonnell certifies that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Mobiquity Technologies, Inc.; 

2 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the consolidated financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors: 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2023 

/s/ Sean McDonnell 

Principal Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 mobiquity_ex3201.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

In connection with the Annual Report of Mobiquity Technologies, Inc.
(the registrant on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the report ), I, Dean L. Julia, Principal Executive Officer of the registrant, certify, pursuant to 18
U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

(1) The report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a)
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) The information contained in the report fairly presents, in all
material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the registrant. 

Date: March 31, 2023 

/s/ Dean L. Julia 

Principal Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 mobiquity_ex3202.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

In connection with the Annual Report of Mobiquity
Technologies, Inc. (the registrant on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the report ), I, Sean McDonnell, Principal Financial Officer of the registrant,
certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

(1) The report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a)
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) The information contained in the report fairly presents, in all
material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the registrant. 

Date: March 31, 2023 

/s/ Sean McDonnell 

Principal Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 mobq-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 mobq-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 mobq-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 mobq-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

