<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230301_10-K_edgar_data_723188_0001410578-23-000196.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>36183251</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>440193</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3525533</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>13841593</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>6065393</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>11189789</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001410578-23-000196.hdr.sgml : 20230301
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230301161834
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001410578-23-000196
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		137
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230301
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230301

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			COMMUNITY BANK SYSTEM, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000723188
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATIONAL COMMERCIAL BANKS [6021]
		IRS NUMBER:				161213679
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-13695
		FILM NUMBER:		23693779

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5790 WIDEWATERS PKWY
		CITY:			DEWITT
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			13214
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8007242262

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5790 WIDEWATERS PARKWAY
		CITY:			DEWITT
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			13214

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	COMMUNITY BANK NA, a subsidiary of Community Bank System Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130729

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	COMMUNITY BANK NA, a subsidiary of Community Bank System Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130726

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	COMMUNITY BANK SYSTEM INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001410578-23-000196.txt : 20230301

10-K
 1
 cbu-20221231x10k.htm
 10-K

Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended or TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to . Commission file number (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) . (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , - 1883 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) Registrant s telephone number, including area code: Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No . Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes . Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No . Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No . Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No . The aggregate market value of the common stock, 1.00 par value per share, held by non-affiliates of the registrant computed by reference to the closing price as of the close of business on June 30, 2022 (the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter): . The number of shares of the common stock, 1.00 par value per share, outstanding as of the close of business on January 31, 2023: DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE. Portions of the Definitive Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of the Shareholders to be held on May 17, 2023 (the Proxy Statement is incorporated by reference in Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 1 

Table of Contents 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS PART I Page Item 1 Business 3 Item 1A Risk Factors 17 Item 1B Unresolved Staff Comments 28 Item 2 Properties 28 Item 3 Legal Proceedings 28 Item 4 Mine Safety Disclosures 28 PART II Item 5 Market for the Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholders Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 28 Item 6 [Reserved] 30 Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 31 Item 7A Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 68 Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data: 70 Consolidated Statements of Condition 71 Consolidated Statements of Income 72 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 73 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity 74 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 75 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 76 Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 132 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 133 Item 9 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 135 Item 9A Controls and Procedures 135 Item 9B Other Information 135 Item 9C Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 135 PART III Item 10 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 135 Item 11 Executive Compensation 136 Item 12 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 136 Item 13 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 136 Item 14 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 136 PART IV Item 15 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 136 Item 16 Form 10-K Summary 141 Signatures 142 
 2 

Table of Contents 
 Part I This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains certain forward-looking statements with respect to the financial condition, results of operations and business of Community Bank System, Inc. These forward-looking statements by their nature address matters that involve certain risks and uncertainties. Factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by such forward-looking statements are set forth herein under the caption Forward-Looking Statements. Item 1. Business Community Bank System, Inc. (the Company was incorporated on April 15, 1983, under the Delaware General Corporation Law. Its principal office is located at 5790 Widewaters Parkway, DeWitt, New York 13214. The Company is a registered financial holding company which wholly-owns two significant subsidiaries: Community Bank, N.A. (the Bank or CBNA ), and Benefit Plans Administrative Services, Inc. BPAS ). As of December 31, 2022, BPAS owns five subsidiaries: Benefit Plans Administrative Services, LLC BPA ), a provider of defined contribution plan administration services; Northeast Retirement Services, LLC NRS ), a provider of institutional transfer agency, master recordkeeping services, fund administration, trust, and retirement plan services; BPAS Actuarial Pension Services, LLC BPAS-APS ), a provider of actuarial and benefit consulting services; BPAS Trust Company of Puerto Rico, a Puerto Rican trust company; and Hand Benefits Trust Company HB T ), a provider of collective investment fund administration and institutional trust services. BPA owns one subsidiary, Fringe Benefits Design of Minnesota, Inc. FBD ), a provider of retirement plan administration and benefit consulting services. NRS owns one subsidiary, Global Trust Company, Inc. GTC ), a non-depository trust company which provides fiduciary services for collective investment trusts and other products. HB T owns one subsidiary, Hand Securities, Inc. HSI ), an introducing broker-dealer. The Bank s business philosophy is to operate as a diversified financial services enterprise providing a broad array of banking and other financial services to retail, commercial and municipal customers. As of December 31, 2022, the Bank operates 203 full-service branches and 13 drive-thru only locations throughout 42 counties of Upstate New York, six counties of Northeastern Pennsylvania, 12 counties of Vermont, and one county of Western Massachusetts, offering a range of commercial and retail banking services. The Bank owns the following operating subsidiaries: The Carta Group, Inc. Carta Group ), CBNA Preferred Funding Corporation PFC ), CBNA Treasury Management Corporation TMC ), Community Investment Services, Inc. CISI ), Nottingham Advisors, Inc. Nottingham ), OneGroup NY, Inc. OneGroup ), OneGroup Wealth Partners, Inc. Wealth Partners ), Oneida Preferred Funding II LLC OPFC II and E.S.B. Realty Corp. ESB Realty ). OneGroup is a full-service insurance agency offering personal and commercial lines of insurance and other risk management products and services. PFC, ESB Realty and OPFC II primarily act as investors in residential and commercial real estate activities. TMC provides cash management, investment, and treasury services to the Bank. CISI, Carta Group and Wealth Partners provide broker-dealer and investment advisory services. Nottingham provides asset management services to individuals, corporations, corporate pension and profit sharing plans, and foundations. The Company maintains a website at cbna.com. Annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports, are available on the Company s website free of charge as soon as reasonably practicable after such reports or amendments are electronically filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). The information posted on the website is not incorporated into or a part of this filing. Copies of all documents filed with the SEC can also be obtained by visiting the SEC s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE, Washington, DC 20549, by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330 or by accessing the SEC s website at https://www.sec.gov. Acquisition History (2020-2022) JMD Associates On November 1, 2022, the Company, through its subsidiary OneGroup, completed its acquisition of certain assets of JMD Associates, LLC JMD ), an insurance agency headquartered in Boca Raton, Florida. The Company paid 1.0 million in cash and recorded a 0.1 million intangible asset for a noncompete agreement, a 0.4 million customer list intangible and 0.5 million of goodwill in conjunction with the acquisition. 
 3 

Table of Contents 
 Elmira Savings Bank On May 13, 2022, the Company completed its merger with Elmira Savings Bank Elmira ), a New York State chartered savings bank headquartered in Elmira, New York, for 82.2 million in cash. The merger enhanced the Company s presence in five counties in New York s Southern Tier and Finger Lakes regions. In connection with the merger, the Company added eight full-service offices to its branch service network and acquired approximately 583.4 million of identifiable assets, including 437.0 million of loans, 11.3 million of investment securities and 8.0 million of core deposit intangibles, as well as 522.3 million of deposits. Goodwill of 42.2 million was recognized as a result of the merger. Insurance Agencies On January 1, 2022, the Company, through its subsidiary OneGroup, completed acquisitions of certain assets of three insurance agencies for an aggregate amount of 2.5 million in cash. The Company recorded a 2.5 million customer list intangible asset in conjunction with the acquisitions. Thomas Gregory Associates Insurance Brokers, Inc. On August 2, 2021, the Company, through its subsidiary OneGroup, completed its acquisition of certain assets of Thomas Gregory Associates Insurance Brokers, Inc. TGA ), a specialty-lines insurance broker based in the Boston, Massachusetts area for 13.1 million, including 11.6 million in cash and contingent consideration valued at 1.5 million. As of December 31, 2022, the contingent consideration is valued at 1.7 million. The Company recorded a 10.9 million customer list intangible asset and 2.2 million of goodwill in conjunction with the acquisition. Fringe Benefits Design of Minnesota, Inc. On July 1, 2021, the Company, through its subsidiary BPA, completed its acquisition of FBD, a provider of retirement plan administration and benefit consulting services with offices in Minnesota and South Dakota, for 16.7 million, including 15.3 million in cash and contingent consideration valued at 1.4 million. As of December 31, 2022, the contingent consideration is valued at 1.1 million. The Company recorded a 14.0 million customer list intangible asset and 2.1 million of goodwill in conjunction with the acquisition. NuVantage Insurance Corp. On June 1, 2021, the Company, through its subsidiary OneGroup, completed its acquisition of certain assets of NuVantage Insurance Corp. NuVantage ), an insurance agency headquartered in Melbourne, Florida. The Company paid 2.9 million in cash and recorded a 1.4 million customer list intangible asset and 1.5 million of goodwill in conjunction with the acquisition. Steuben Trust Corporation On June 12, 2020, the Company completed its merger with Steuben Trust Corporation Steuben ), parent company of Steuben Trust Company, a New York State chartered bank headquartered in Hornell, New York, for 98.6 million in Company stock and cash, comprised of 21.6 million in cash and the issuance of 1.36 million shares of common stock. The merger extended the Company s footprint into two new counties in Western New York State, and enhanced the Company s presence in four Western New York State counties in which it had already operated. In connection with the merger, the Company added 11 full-service offices to its branch service network and acquired 607.8 million of assets, including 339.7 million of loans and 180.5 million of investment securities, as well as 516.3 million of deposits. Goodwill of 20.0 million, a 2.9 million core deposit intangible asset and a 1.2 million customer list intangible asset were recognized as a result of the merger. Services Banking The Bank is a community bank committed to the philosophy of serving the financial needs of customers in local communities. The Bank s branches are generally located in smaller towns and cities within its geographic market areas of Upstate New York, Northeastern Pennsylvania, Vermont and Western Massachusetts. The Company believes that the local character of its business, knowledge of the customers and their needs, and its comprehensive retail and business products, together with responsive decision-making at the branch, regional levels and its digital banking service offerings, enable the Bank to compete effectively in its geographic market. The Bank is a member of the Federal Reserve System, the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York and the Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston (as a non-member bank) (collectively, referred to as FHLB ), and its deposits are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC up to applicable limits. 
 4 

Table of Contents 
 Employee Benefit Services Through BPAS and its subsidiaries, the Company operates a national practice that provides employee benefit trust, collective investment fund, retirement plan administration, fund administration, transfer agency, actuarial, VEBA/HRA and health and welfare consulting services to a diverse array of clients spanning the United States and Puerto Rico. Wealth Management Services Through the Bank s trust department, CISI, Carta Group, Nottingham, and Wealth Partners, the Company provides wealth management, retirement planning, higher educational planning, fiduciary, risk management, trust services and personal financial planning services. The Company offers investment alternatives including stocks, bonds, exchange-traded funds, mutual funds, insurance and advisory products. Insurance Services Through OneGroup, the Company offers personal and commercial lines of insurance and other risk management products and services. In addition, OneGroup offers employee benefit related services. OneGroup represents many leading insurance companies. Segment Information The Company has identified three reportable operating business segments: Banking, Employee Benefit Services, and All Other. Included in the All Other segment are the smaller Wealth Management and Insurance operations. Information about the Company s reportable business segments is included in Note T of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements filed herewith in Part II. Competition The banking and financial services industry is highly competitive in the New York, Pennsylvania, Vermont, and Massachusetts markets. The Company competes actively for loans, deposits, and financial services relationships with other national and state banks, thrift institutions, credit unions, retail brokerage firms, mortgage bankers, finance companies, including, financial technology companies, insurance agencies, and other regulated and unregulated providers of financial services. In order to compete with other financial service providers, the Company stresses the community nature of its operations and the development of profitable customer relationships across all lines of business. The Company s employee benefit trust and plan administration business competes on a national scale and provides geographic diversification for the Company. Certain lines of business are marketed primarily through unaffiliated financial advisors, while others are marketed directly to plan sponsors and fund companies. In order to compete with large national firms, the Company stresses its consultative approach to complex engagements. 
 5 

Table of Contents 
 The table below summarizes the Bank s deposits and market share by the 61 counties of New York, Pennsylvania, Vermont, and Massachusetts in which it had customer facilities as of June 30, 2022. Market share is based on deposits of all commercial banks, credit unions, savings and loan associations, and savings banks. 

Number of Deposits as of 6/30/2022 (1) Towns/ Towns Where Company Has 1 st or County State (000 s omitted) Market Share (1) Branches ATM s Cities 2 nd Market Position Grand Isle VT 60,109 100.00 1 1 1 1 Lewis NY 271,111 76.42 4 4 3 3 Allegany NY 527,874 75.89 10 13 9 9 Franklin NY 528,153 58.91 6 5 4 4 Hamilton NY 72,712 56.06 2 2 2 2 Madison NY 527,387 42.90 6 8 5 5 Cattaraugus NY 783,447 39.77 9 11 7 6 Otsego NY 473,341 33.14 7 8 5 4 Schuyler NY 87,065 31.39 1 1 1 1 Chemung NY 421,881 27.95 7 8 2 1 Seneca NY 180,273 25.78 3 3 3 2 Saint Lawrence NY 640,996 25.37 10 12 9 8 Yates NY 152,404 24.89 3 2 2 2 Clinton NY 566,000 24.45 3 6 2 2 Jefferson NY 596,900 23.12 7 7 6 5 Wyoming PA 206,180 22.73 3 3 3 2 Livingston NY 281,424 22.43 5 8 5 4 Chautauqua NY 543,374 20.76 11 11 10 6 Columbia NY 298,543 19.32 4 3 4 3 Essex NY 145,650 12.68 4 4 4 3 Oswego NY 261,946 12.58 4 5 4 2 Steuben NY 529,565 11.96 9 11 8 6 Wayne NY 175,364 10.84 3 4 2 2 Addison VT 92,772 10.75 2 2 2 1 Caledonia VT 86,219 9.71 2 2 2 1 Bennington VT 113,096 9.46 2 4 2 0 Orange VT 41,241 9.07 1 1 1 1 Herkimer NY 76,232 8.84 1 1 1 1 Ontario NY 324,590 8.62 6 12 5 3 Tioga NY 46,557 8.33 2 2 2 1 Delaware NY 145,403 7.76 4 4 4 3 Rutland VT 152,796 7.71 3 4 2 1 Chittenden VT 737,782 7.68 9 10 7 3 Montgomery NY 75,790 7.36 2 2 2 1 Franklin VT 60,318 6.90 2 2 2 0 Luzerne PA 603,275 6.65 9 13 8 3 Susquehanna PA 87,101 6.29 1 1 1 1 Lackawanna PA 530,108 6.16 9 8 6 3 Fulton NY 64,889 5.82 1 1 1 0 Carbon PA 60,969 5.40 2 2 2 0 Cayuga NY 89,106 5.26 2 2 2 2 Windham VT 67,262 4.94 2 3 2 1 Windsor VT 90,778 4.82 2 2 2 0 Schoharie NY 27,663 4.35 1 1 1 0 Washington NY 38,895 4.01 1 1 1 1 Oneida NY 346,352 3.97 6 8 5 4 Chenango NY 33,010 3.70 1 1 1 1 Lamoille VT 36,318 3.46 1 1 1 1 Bradford PA 56,801 3.28 2 2 2 1 Tompkins NY 123,694 2.91 4 3 1 0 Washington VT 120,997 2.69 3 4 3 1 Rensselaer NY 66,719 2.32 1 2 1 0 Onondaga NY 342,119 2.06 4 5 4 1 Warren NY 50,686 1.74 1 1 1 1 Wyoming NY 26,186 1.18 1 1 1 0 Ulster NY 60,135 1.05 1 1 1 1 Broome NY 37,615 0.44 1 1 1 0 Erie NY 229,893 0.36 5 5 4 2 Albany NY 83,221 0.27 3 7 3 0 Hampden MA 46,421 0.27 1 1 1 0 Monroe NY 9,980 0.04 1 0 1 0 13,614,688 4.80 224 263 190 123 (1) Deposits and Market Share data as of June 30, 2022, the most recent information available from S P Global Market Intelligence. Deposit amounts include 239.8 million of intercompany balances that are eliminated upon consolidation. The weighted average total market share percentage, calculated by adding the market shares for each county, weighted by the proportion of the Company s deposits in each county to its total deposits, is 22.74 . 
 6 

Table of Contents 
 Human Capital Resources The Company s employees are asked to embody the core values of integrity, excellence, teamwork and humility. These values are what makes the Company s culture strong. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 3,026 total employees, which included 2,839 full-time employees and 187 part-time and temporary employees. Of the Company s 3,026 employees, 2,331 are in the Banking segment (2,157 full-time employees and 174 part-time and temporary employees), 407 employees are in the Employee Benefit Services segment (399 full-time employees and eight part-time and temporary employees), and 288 employees are in the All Other segment (283 full-time employees and five part-time and temporary employees). The Company s employee base is concentrated in New York, Pennsylvania and New England where the Bank maintains its retail bank branch presence, with approximately 2,253 employees in New York, 293 in Pennsylvania, and 299 in Vermont and Massachusetts. Approximately 181 of the Company s employee base is outside of its retail banking footprint. The Company considers its relationship with its employees to be strong. The Company has not experienced any material employment-related issues or interruptions of services due to labor disagreements. None of the Company s employees are represented by a labor union or are represented by a collective bargaining agreement. Oversight The Board of Directors (the Board has ultimate responsibility for the strategy of the Company. The Board s Compensation Committee is responsible for the oversight of executive compensation, company culture, diversity, and employee engagement. The Company proactively identifies potential human capital related risks, such as succession planning, labor market shortage, increased labor costs, and employee retention strategies to mitigate those risks. Strong human capital management is viewed as integral to the Company s business strategy. Compensation and Benefits The success and growth of the Company s business is largely dependent on its ability to attract, develop, and retain a population of talented and high-performing employees with a diversity of background and skill sets at all levels of our organization. Accordingly, the Company strives to offer competitive salaries and benefits that are consistent with employee positions, skill levels, experience, and geographic location. The Company is proud to offer an array of incentive compensation in which a majority of employees have an opportunity to earn various forms of supplemental pay as a reward for their overall contributions towards the Company s strategic goals and financial objectives. Additionally, the Company offers a wellness program aimed at providing tools, resources, and encouragement to support its employees physical and mental well-being. Growth and Development The Company continues to broaden the scope of its talent development initiatives across its widening geographically diverse footprint in order to sustain a value-driven and growth-oriented environment where employees can perform at their peak and the next generation of leaders are prepared to lead. In 2021, the Company implemented a new HR operating system which includes several features to support talent development, enhanced performance management tools and other features that provide a more streamlined employee experience for various interactions with the HR team. In 2022, the Company fully resumed in person leadership and management development training programs to further build the skills of our leaders and managers. In 2023, the Company will launch an enhanced performance management program with the intent of providing clear goals and expectations and thus driving improved individual performance. The Company offers an array of programs and continuing education dedicated to strengthen employee engagement, personal accountability, productivity, and emotional well-being including customized programs supporting an overall strategy of strong workforce planning, growth-focused coaching sessions, career-path roadmaps and curated learning resources. The Company is committed to enabling a culture that celebrates talent sharing, career development and agility across the Company and generally posts all roles internally first before sharing them externally. 
 7 

Table of Contents 
 Culture and Diversity and Attracting a Talented Workforce The Company is committed to fostering a workforce in an inclusive environment that enhances the culture of shared identity, civility, dignity, and respect. The Company has a company-wide Culture and Diversity Council that supports this effort and provides strategic direction and advocacy for these initiatives. The Council s members play a vital role in creating the Company s culture and diversity initiatives and are comprised of employees from various areas of the Company s businesses and geographic locations. The Council members, along with other employees who volunteer to act as Council Ambassadors, are responsible for advancing the Council s message within their own network of employees. Their efforts demonstrate the Company s commitment to creating a work environment where everyone feels welcomed, valued, and fully engaged to contribute their unique talents thereby weaving an enhanced appreciation of cultural differences into corporate culture. The Council has developed a set of initiatives to increase focus on diversity, equity, and inclusion across the key areas of talent acquisition and retention; employee community service spotlights; senior leadership composition; a collaborative learning and development campaign centered on greater awareness of unconscious bias; and vendor selection monitoring. In 2022, the Company appointed a Culture, Diversity Inclusion Officer who leads its efforts by continuing to build upon the current efforts and bringing increased focus for the future, including working with the Company s Culture and Diversity Council and its ambassadors to identify initiatives to promote an inclusive workplace. The Company continues to focus on educating our employees on the benefits of our diverse workforce and celebrating our differences. The Company is currently working to expand our existing partnerships with organizations that promote diversity and inclusion and expand our reach into diverse talent pools. The goal of the Company s recruitment efforts is to attract and hire talented individuals in all roles and at all career levels. The Company strives to provide both external candidates and internal employees who are seeking a different role with challenging and stimulating career opportunities. The Company s recruitment team also strives to create and maintain diverse representation at all levels and in all areas of the organization to promote a sense of belonging among employees and maintain a workforce that reflects the communities in which the Company serves. Engagement The Company is committed to creating a top tier workplace filled with highly satisfied and engaged employees. The Company believes that open and honest communication among employees, managers and executive leadership fosters a collaborative work environment where everyone can participate, develop and thrive. In 2021, the Company launched a Company-wide engagement process called MyVoice which was initiated with an engagement survey to gauge employee sentiment in areas like culture, career development, manager performance and inclusivity with 83 employee participation. The collective results from the survey highlighted that engagement, performance, and employee development are interlinked and interdependent. In 2022, the Company supported managers with tools and resources to build action plans for enhanced engagement within their teams. A check-in survey was launched in October of 2022 and results will help to measure the Company s engagement year-over-year and will inform its next steps on the continued journey to enhance engagement and make the Company a great place to work. Health and Safety The health and safety of the Company s employees is of utmost important to us. We offer a comprehensive benefits program to protect the health of our employees and their families. We provide our employees and their families with access to a variety of innovative, flexible and convenient health and wellness programs that support their physical and mental health by providing tools and resources to help them improve or maintain their health status. 
 8 

Table of Contents 
 Supervision and Regulation General The banking industry is highly regulated with numerous statutory and regulatory requirements that are designed primarily for the protection of depositors and the financial system. Set forth below is a description of the material laws and regulations applicable to the Company and the Bank. This summary is not complete and the reader should refer to these laws and regulations for more detailed information. The Company s and its subsidaries failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations could result in a range of sanctions and administrative actions imposed upon the Company and/or its subsidiaries, including restrictions on merger and acquisition activity, the imposition of civil money penalties, formal agreements and cease and desist orders. Changes in applicable law or regulations, and in their interpretation and application by regulatory agencies, cannot be predicted, and may have a material effect on the Company s business and results. The Company and its subsidiaries are subject to the laws and regulations of the federal government and where applicable the states and jurisdictions in which they conduct business. The Company, as a bank holding company, is subject to extensive regulation, supervision and examination by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System FRB as its primary federal regulator. The Bank is a nationally-chartered bank and is subject to extensive regulation, supervision and examination by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency OCC as its primary federal regulator, and as to certain matters, the FRB, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau CFPB ), and the FDIC. The Company is also subject to the jurisdiction of the SEC and is subject to disclosure and regulatory requirements under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The Company s common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange NYSE and it is subject to NYSE s rules for listed companies. Affiliated entities, including BPAS, BPA, NRS, GTC, HB T, HSI, BPAS Trust Company of Puerto Rico, FBD, Nottingham, CISI, OneGroup, Carta Group, and Wealth Partners are subject to the jurisdiction of certain state and federal regulators and self-regulatory organizations including, but not limited to, the SEC, the Texas Department of Banking, the State of Maine Bureau of Financial Institutions, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA ), Puerto Rico Office of the Commissioner of Financial Institutions, the U.S. Department of Labor, and state securities and insurance regulators. Federal Bank Holding Company Regulation As the Company is classified as a financial holding company, the Company can affiliate with securities firms and insurance companies and engage in other activities that are financial in nature or incidental or complementary to activities that are financial in nature, as long as it continues to meet the eligibility requirements for financial holding companies (including requirements that the financial holding company and its depository institution subsidiary maintain their status as well capitalized and well managed ). Generally, FRB approval is not required for the Company to acquire a company (other than a bank holding company, bank or savings association) engaged in activities that are financial in nature or incidental to activities that are financial in nature, as determined by the FRB. Prior notice to the FRB may be required, however, if the company to be acquired has total consolidated assets of 10 billion or more. Prior FRB approval is required before the Company may acquire the beneficial ownership or control of more than 5 of the voting shares or substantially all of the assets of a bank holding company, bank or savings association. Because the Company is a financial holding company, if the Bank were to receive a rating under the Community Reinvestment Act of 1977, as amended CRA ), of less than Satisfactory, the Company will be prohibited, until the rating is raised to Satisfactory or better, from engaging in new activities or acquiring companies other than bank holding companies, banks or savings associations, except that the Company could engage in new activities, or acquire companies engaged in activities, that are considered closely related to banking under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, (the BHC Act ). The Bank s most recent CRA rating was Satisfactory . In addition, if the FRB determines that the Company or the Bank is not well capitalized or well managed, the Company would be required to enter into an agreement with the FRB to comply with all applicable capital and management requirements and may contain additional limitations or conditions. Until corrected, the Company could be prohibited from engaging in any new activity or acquiring companies engaged in activities that are not closely related to banking, absent prior FRB approval. 
 9 

Table of Contents 
 Federal Reserve System Regulation Because the Company is a financial holding company, it is subject to regulatory capital requirements and required by the FRB to, among other things, maintain cash reserves against its deposits. Effective on March 26, 2020, the FRB reduced this cash reserve requirement to zero percent. The Bank is under similar capital requirements administered by the OCC as discussed below. FRB policy has historically required a financial holding company to act as a source of financial and managerial strength to its subsidiary banks. The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 (the Dodd-Frank Act codifies this historical policy as a statutory requirement. To the extent the Bank is in need of capital, the Company could be expected to provide additional capital, including borrowings from the FRB for such purpose. Both the Company and the Bank are subject to extensive supervision and regulation, which focus on, among other things, the protection of depositors funds. The FRB also regulates the national supply of bank credit in order to influence general economic conditions. These policies have a significant influence on overall growth and distribution of loans, investments and deposits, and affect the interest rates charged on loans or paid for deposits. Fluctuations in interest rates, which may result from government fiscal policies and the monetary policies of the FRB, have a strong impact on the income derived from loans and securities, and interest paid on deposits and borrowings. While the Company and the Bank strive to model various interest rate changes and adjust its strategies for such changes, the level of earnings can be materially affected by economic circumstances beyond its control. The Office of the Comptroller of the Currency Regulation OCC The Bank is supervised and regularly examined by the OCC. The various laws and regulations administered by the OCC affect the Company s practices such as payment of dividends, incurring debt, and acquisition of financial institutions and other companies. It also affects the Bank s business practices, such as payment of interest on deposits, the charging of interest on loans, types of business conducted and the location of its offices. The OCC generally prohibits a depository institution from making any capital distributions, including the payment of a dividend, or paying any management fee to its parent holding company if the depository institution would become undercapitalized due to the payment. Undercapitalized institutions are subject to growth limitations and are required to submit a capital restoration plan to the OCC. The Bank is well capitalized under regulatory standards administered by the OCC. For additional information on our capital requirements see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Shareholders Equity and Regulatory Capital and Note P to the Financial Statements. Federal Home Loan Bank FHLB The Bank is a member of the FHLB, which provides a central credit facility primarily for member institutions for home mortgage and neighborhood lending. The Bank is subject to certain rules and requirements as a member institution of the FHLB, including the purchase of shares of FHLB activity-based stock in the amount of 4.5 of the dollar amount of outstanding advances and FHLB capital stock in an amount equal to the greater of 1,000 or the sum of 0.15 of the mortgage-related assets held by the Bank based upon the previous year-end financial information. The Bank was in compliance with the rules and requirements of the FHLB at December 31, 2022. Deposit Insurance Deposits of the Bank are insured up to the applicable limits by the Deposit Insurance Fund DIF and are subject to deposit insurance assessments to maintain the DIF. The Dodd-Frank Act permanently increased the maximum amount of deposit insurance to 250,000 per deposit category, per depositor, per institution. A depository institution s DIF assessment is calculated by multiplying its assessment rate by the assessment base, which is defined as the average consolidated total assets less the average tangible equity of the depository institution. The Bank s deposit insurance assessment is based on a large institution classification. For large insured depository institutions, generally defined as those with at least 10 billion in total assets, the FDIC uses capital and supervisory ratings CAMELS and financial measures from two scorecards to calculate assessment rates. Each scorecard has two components - a performance score and loss severity score, which are combined and converted to an initial assessment rate. The FDIC has the ability to adjust a large or highly complex insured depository institution s total score by a maximum of 15 points, up or down, based upon significant risk factors that are not captured by the scorecard. Under the assessment rate schedule effective during 2022, the initial base assessment rate for large and highly complex insured depository institutions ranges from three to 30 basis points, and the total base assessment rate, after applying the unsecured debt and brokered deposit adjustments, ranges from one and one-half to 40 basis points. The Bank s FDIC insurance for 2022 was based on assessment rates ranging between three and four basis points. FDIC insurance expense in 2022 totaled 5.5 million, compared to 4.1 million in 2021 and 2.7 million in 2020. On October 18, 2022, the FDIC adopted a final rule to increase initial base assessment rate schedules uniformly by two basis points, effective January 1, 2023. 
 10 

Table of Contents 
 Under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, if the FDIC finds that an institution has engaged in unsafe and unsound practices, is in an unsafe or unsound condition to continue operations, or has violated any applicable law, regulation, rule, order or condition imposed by the FDIC, the FDIC may determine that such violation or unsafe or unsound practice or condition require the termination of deposit insurance. Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 On July 21, 2010, the Dodd-Frank Act was signed into law, which resulted in significant changes to the banking industry. As discussed further throughout this section, certain aspects of the Dodd-Frank Act are subject to implementing final rules. While many of these final rules have taken effect, the finalization process is ongoing. The Dodd-Frank Act contains numerous provisions that affect all banks and bank holding companies and impacts how the Company and the Bank handle their operations. The Dodd-Frank Act requires various federal agencies, including those that regulate the Company and the Bank, to promulgate rules and regulations and to conduct various studies and reports for Congress. The federal agencies have either completed or are in the process of completing these rules and regulations and have been given significant discretion in drafting such rules and regulations. Several of the provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act have the consequence of increasing the Bank s expenses, decreasing its revenues, and changing the activities in which it chooses to engage. The specific impact of the Dodd-Frank Act on the Company s current activities or new financial activities the Company may consider in the future, the Company s financial performance, and the markets in which the Company operates depends on the manner in which the relevant agencies continue to develop and implement the required rules and regulations and the reaction of market participants to these regulatory developments. Pursuant to FRB regulations mandated by the Dodd-Frank Act, interchange fees on debit card transactions are limited to a maximum of 0.21 per transaction plus 5 basis points of the transaction amount. A debit card issuer may recover an additional one cent per transaction for fraud prevention purposes if the issuer complies with certain fraud-related requirements prescribed by the FRB. The FRB also adopted requirements in the final rule that issuers include two unaffiliated networks for routing debit transactions that are applicable to the Company and the Bank. The Dodd-Frank Act established the CFPB and empowered it to exercise broad rulemaking, supervision, and enforcement authority for a wide range of consumer protection laws. Because the Bank s total consolidated assets exceed 10 billion, the Bank is subject to the direct supervision of the CFPB. The CFPB has issued numerous regulations and amendments under which the Company and the Bank may continue to incur additional expense in connection with its ongoing compliance obligations. Significant recent CFPB developments that may affect operations and compliance costs include: continued focus on fair lending, including promoting racial and economic equity for underserved, vulnerable and marginalized communities;
 focused efforts on enforcing certain compliance obligations the CFPB deems a priority, such as automobile loan servicing, debt collection, deposit, overdraft and other services fees, mortgage origination and servicing, and remittances, among others; and
 rulemaking plans concerning, among others, consumers access to their financial information and requirements for financial institutions to collect, report and make public certain information concerning credit applications made by women-owned, minority-owned and small businesses.
 The CFPB has broad powers to supervise and enforce consumer protection laws, including laws that apply to banks in order to prohibit unfair, deceptive or abusive acts or practices UDAAP ). The Dodd-Frank Act also weakens the federal preemption rules that are applicable to national banks and gives attorney generals for the states certain powers to enforce federal consumer protection laws. A violation of the consumer protection and privacy laws, and in particular UDAAP, could have serious legal, financial, and reputational consequences. 
 11 

Table of Contents 
 The final rules issued by the FRB, SEC, OCC, FDIC, and Commodity Futures Trading Commission implementing Section 619 of the Dodd-Frank Act (commonly known as the Volcker Rule) prohibit insured depository institutions and companies affiliated with insured depository institutions from (1) engaging in short-term proprietary trading of certain securities, derivatives, commodity futures and options on these instruments, for their own account and (2) sponsoring certain covered funds, subject to certain limited exceptions. The final rules of the Volcker Rule are not material to the Company s investing and trading activities. The ongoing effects of the Dodd-Frank Act, as well as the recent and possible future changes to the regulatory framework as a result of the Economic Growth Act and future proposals make it difficult to assess the overall financial impact of the Dodd-Frank Act and related regulatory developments on the Company and the banking industry. As a result, the Company cannot predict the ultimate impact of the Dodd-Frank Act on the Company or the Bank, including the extent to which it could increase costs or limit the Company s ability to pursue business opportunities in an efficient manner, or otherwise adversely affect its business, financial condition and results of operations. Nor can the Company predict the impact or substance of other future legislation or regulation. However, it is expected that future legislation or regulation at a minimum will increase the Company s and the Bank s operating and compliance costs. As rules and regulations continue to be implemented or issued, the Company may need to dedicate additional resources to ensure compliance, which may increase its costs of operations and adversely impact the Company s earnings. Capital Requirements The Company and the Bank are required to comply with applicable capital adequacy standards established by the federal banking agencies (the Capital Rules which are based on the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision s (the Basel Committee 2010 final capital framework for strengthening international capital standards, referred to as Basel III . The Capital Rules, among other things, impose a capital measure called Common Equity Tier 1, CET1 to which most deductions/adjustments to regulatory capital measures are to be made. In addition, the Capital Rules specify that Tier 1 capital consists of CET1 and Additional Tier 1 capital instruments meeting certain specified requirements. Under the Capital Rules, the minimum capital ratios are as follows: 4.5 CET1 to total risk-weighted assets; 6.0 Tier 1 capital (CET1 plus Additional Tier 1 capital) to total risk-weighted assets; 8.0 Total capital (Tier 1 Capital plus Tier 2 capital) to total risk-weighted assets; 4.0 Tier 1 capital to total adjusted quarterly average assets (known as leverage ratio The Capital Rules require the Company and the Bank to maintain a capital conservation buffer composed entirely of CET1. Banking organizations are required to maintain a minimum capital conservation buffer of 2.5 (CET1 to total risk-weighted assets), in addition to the minimum risk-based capital ratios. Therefore, to satisfy both the minimum risk-based capital ratios and the capital conservation buffer, a banking organization is required to maintain the following: (i) CET1 to total risk-weighted assets of at least 7 , (ii) Tier 1 capital to total risk-weighted assets of at least 8.5 , and (iii) Total capital (Tier 1 capital plus Tier 2 capital) to total risk-weighted assets of at least 10.5 . The capital conservation buffer is designed to absorb losses during periods of economic stress. Banking institutions that do not maintain a capital conservation buffer of 2.5 or more will face constraints on dividends, common share repurchases and incentive compensation based on the amount of the shortfall. The Capital Rules provide for a number of deductions from and adjustments to CET1. These include, for example, the requirement that mortgage servicing rights, deferred tax assets dependent upon future taxable income and significant investments in non-consolidated financial entities be deducted from CET1 to the extent that any one such category exceeds 10 of CET1 or all such categories in the aggregate exceed 15 of CET1. Under the Capital Rules, the effects of certain accumulated other comprehensive income or loss items are not excluded for the purposes of determining regulatory capital; however, banks not using the advanced approach, including the Company and the Bank, were permitted to, and in the case of the Company and the Bank they did, make a one-time permanent election to continue to exclude these items. Consistent with Section 171 of the Dodd-Frank Act, the Capital Rules allow certain bank holding companies to include certain hybrid securities, such as trust preferred securities, in Tier 1 capital if they had less than 15 billion in assets as of December 31, 2009 and the securities were issued before May 19, 2010. Accordingly, the trust preferred securities on the Company s balance sheet were included as Tier 1 capital while they were outstanding. 
 12 

Table of Contents 
 With respect to the Bank, the Capital Rules also revised the prompt corrective action PCA regulations established pursuant to Section 38 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, establishing the CET1 ratio at 6.5 for well-capitalized status and the Tier 1 capital ratio at 8.0 for well-capitalized status. The Capital Rules do not change the total risk-based PCA capital requirement for any capital category. The Capital Rules prescribe a standardized approach for risk weighted-assets that expands the risk-weight categories from the four Basel I-derived categories (0 , 20 , 50 and 100 to a larger and more risk-sensitive number of categories, depending on the nature of the asset. The risk-weight categories generally range from 0 for U.S. government and agency securities, to 1,250 for certain securitized exposures, and result in higher risk weights for a variety of asset categories. The standardized approach requires financial institutions to transition assets that are 90 days or more past due or on nonaccrual from their original risk weight to 150 percent. Additionally, loans designated as high volatility commercial real estate HVCRE are assigned a risk-weighting of 150 percent. Requirements to maintain higher levels of capital or to maintain higher levels of liquid assets could adversely impact the Company s net income and return on equity. The current requirements and the Company s actual capital levels are detailed in Note P of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements filed in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. Consumer Protection Laws In connection with its banking activities, the Bank is subject to a number of federal and state laws designed to protect consumers and promote lending to various sectors of the economy. These laws include but are not limited to the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act GLB Act ), the Fair Credit Reporting Act FCRA ), the Fair and Accurate Credit Transactions Act of 2003 FACT Act ), the Electronic Funds Transfer Act, the Truth in Lending Act, the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act, the Dodd-Frank Act, the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act, the Secure and Fair Enforcement for Mortgage Licensing Act SAFE ), the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act SCRA ), the Military Lending Act MLA ), and various state law counterparts. The GLB Act requires all financial institutions to adopt privacy policies, restrict the sharing of nonpublic customer data with nonaffiliated parties and establishes procedures and practices to protect customer data from unauthorized access. In addition, the FCRA, as amended by the FACT Act, includes provisions affecting the Company, the Bank, and their affiliates, including provisions concerning obtaining consumer reports, furnishing information to consumer reporting agencies, maintaining a program to prevent identity theft, sharing of certain information among affiliated companies, and other provisions. The FACT Act requires persons subject to FCRA to notify their customers if they report negative information about them to a credit bureau or if they are granted credit on terms less favorable than those generally available. The FRB and the Federal Trade Commission have extensive rulemaking authority under the FACT Act, and the Company and the Bank are subject to the rules that have been created under the FACT Act, including rules regarding limitations on affiliate marketing and implementation of programs to identify, detect and mitigate certain identity theft red flags. The SCRA protects persons called to active military service and their dependents from undue hardship resulting from their military service, and the MLA extends specific protections if an accountholder, at the time of account opening, is a covered active duty member of the military or certain family members thereof. The SCRA applies to all debts incurred prior to the commencement of active duty and limits the amount of interest, including service and renewal charges and any other fees or charges (other than bona fide insurance) that are related to the obligation or liability. The MLA applies to certain consumer loans and extends specific protections if an accountholder, at the time of account opening, is a covered active duty member of the military or certain family members thereof. The Company and the Bank are also subject to data security standards and data breach notice requirements issued by various states, the OCC and other regulatory agencies. The Bank has created policies and procedures to comply with these consumer protection requirements. 
 13 

Table of Contents 
 The CFPB has implemented the ability-to-repay and qualified mortgage (QM) provisions of the Truth in Lending Act (the QM Rule and has recently taken steps to modify the QM Rule. The ability-to-repay provision requires creditors to make reasonable, good faith determinations that borrowers are able to repay their mortgages before extending credit based on a number of factors and consideration of financial information about the borrower derived from reasonably reliable third-party documents. Under the Dodd-Frank Act and the QM Rule, loans meeting the definition of qualified mortgage are entitled to a presumption that the lender satisfied the ability-to-repay requirements. The presumption is a conclusive presumption/safe harbor for loans meeting the QM requirements, and a rebuttable presumption for higher-priced loans meeting the QM requirements. The Bank has created policies and procedures to comply with these consumer protection requirements and continues to monitor developments relative to future changes to the QM Rule. Among other provisions, the federal banking rule under the Electronic Fund Transfer Act prohibits financial institutions from charging consumers fees for paying overdrafts on automated teller machines and one-time debit card transactions, unless a consumer consents, or opts in, to the overdraft service for those types of transactions. The rule does not govern overdraft fees on the payment of checks and certain other forms of bill payments. The Bank Secrecy Act The Bank Secrecy Act BSA requires all financial institutions, including banks and securities broker-dealers, to, among other things, establish a risk-based system of internal controls reasonably designed to prevent money laundering and the financing of terrorism. The BSA includes a variety of recordkeeping and reporting requirements (such as currency transaction and suspicious activity reporting), as well as due diligence/know-your-customer documentation requirements. The Company has established a bank secrecy act /anti-money laundering program and taken other appropriate measures in order to comply with BSA requirements. Anti-Money Laundering Act of 2020 The Anti-Money Laundering Act of 2020 AMLA amends the BSA and was enacted in January 2021. The AMLA was intended to reform and modernize U.S. bank secrecy and anti-money laundering laws. The Company has and will continue to review and monitor its anti-money laundering program to ensure it complies with the provisions of the AMLA. USA Patriot Act The Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 USA Patriot Act imposes obligations on U.S. financial institutions, including banks and broker-dealer subsidiaries, to implement policies, procedures and controls which are reasonably designed to detect and report instances of money laundering and the financing of terrorism. In addition, provisions of the USA Patriot Act require the federal financial institution regulatory agencies to consider the effectiveness of a financial institution s anti-money laundering activities when reviewing bank mergers and bank holding company acquisitions. The USA Patriot Act also encourages information-sharing among financial institutions, regulators, and law enforcement authorities by providing an exemption from the privacy provisions of the GLB Act for financial institutions that comply with the provision of the Act. Failure of a financial institution to maintain and implement adequate programs to combat money laundering and terrorist financing, or to comply with all of the relevant laws or regulations, could have serious legal, financial and reputational consequences for the institution. The Company has approved policies and procedures that are designed to comply with the USA Patriot Act and its regulations. Office of Foreign Assets Control Regulation The United States has imposed economic sanctions that affect transactions with designated foreign countries, nationals and others administrated by the Treasury s Office of Foreign Assets Control OFAC ). The OFAC administered sanctions can take many different forms; however, they generally contain one or more of the following elements: (i) restrictions on trade with or investment in a sanctioned country, entity or individual, including prohibitions against direct or indirect imports and exports and prohibitions on U.S. persons engaging in financial transactions relating to making investments, or providing investment related advice or assistance; and (ii) a blocking of assets in which the government or specially designated nationals have an interest, by prohibiting transfers of property subject to U.S. jurisdiction (including property in the possession or control of U.S. persons). Blocked assets (e.g., property and bank deposits) cannot be paid out, withdrawn, set off or transferred in any manner without a license from OFAC. Failure to comply with these sanctions could have serious legal, financial, and reputational consequences. 
 14 

Table of Contents 
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Sarbanes-Oxley Act implemented a broad range of corporate governance, accounting and reporting reforms for companies that have securities registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. In particular, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act established, among other things: (i) requirements for audit and other key Board of Directors committees involving independence, expertise levels, and specified responsibilities; (ii) responsibilities regarding the oversight of financial statements by the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the reporting company; (iii) an independent accounting oversight board for the accounting industry; (iv) standards for auditors and the regulation of audits, including independence provisions which restrict non-audit services that accountants may provide to their audit clients; (v) increased disclosure and reporting obligations for the reporting company and its directors and executive officers including accelerated reporting of company stock transactions; (vi) a prohibition of personal loans to directors and officers, except certain loans made by insured financial institutions on non-preferential terms and in compliance with other bank regulator requirements; and (vii) a range of new and increased civil and criminal penalties for fraud and other violations of the securities laws. Community Reinvestment Act of 1977 Under the CRA, the Bank is required to help meet the credit needs of its communities, including low- and moderate-income neighborhoods. Although the Bank must follow the requirements of CRA, it does not limit the Bank s discretion to develop products and services that are suitable for a particular community or establish lending requirements or programs. In addition, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act and the Fair Housing Act prohibits discrimination in lending practices. The Bank s failure to comply with the provisions of the CRA could, at a minimum, result in regulatory restrictions on its activities and the activities of the Company. The Bank s failure to comply with the Equal Credit Opportunity Act and the Fair Housing Act could result in enforcement actions against it by its regulators as well as other federal regulatory agencies and the Department of Justice. The Bank s most recent CRA rating was Satisfactory . 
 15 

Table of Contents 
 Information about Our Executive Officers The executive officers of the Company and the Bank who are elected by the Board of Directors are as follows: 

Name Age Position Mark E. Tryniski 62 Director, President and Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Tryniski assumed his current position in August 2006. He served as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer from March 2004 to July 2006 and as the Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer from June 2003 to March 2004. He was previously a partner in the Syracuse office of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. Joseph E. Sutaris 55 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Sutaris assumed his current position in June 2018. He served as Senior Vice President, Finance and Accounting from November 2017 to June 2018, as the Bank s Director of Municipal Banking from September 2016 to November 2017 and as the Senior Vice President of the Central Region of the Bank from April 2011 to September 2016. Mr. Sutaris joined the Company in April 2011 as part of the acquisition of Wilber National Bank where he served as the Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary. Dimitar A. Karaivanov 41 Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. Mr. Karaivanov assumed his current position in October 2022. He served as Executive Vice President of Financial Services and Corporate Development from June 2021 to September 2022. Prior to joining the Company, he was the Managing Director of Lazard Middle Market s Financial Institutions Group from June 2018 through June 2021. Prior to Lazard, he was the Managing Director of RBC Capital Markets Financial Institutions Group from April 2011 through June 2018. Maureen Gillan-Myer 55 Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer. Ms. Gillan-Myer assumed her current position in October 2021. Prior to joining the Company, she served as the Chief Human Resources Officer of HSBC US from February 2016 through September 2021 and as its Senior Vice President- Talent Acquisition from May 2009 through February 2016. Michael N. Abdo 45 Executive Vice President and General Counsel. Mr. Abdo assumed his current position in July 2022. He served as Associate General Counsel from 2013 to 2020 and as Senior Vice President Senior Associate General Counsel from January 2020 to July 2022. Prior to joining the Company in 2013, he was an associate with Cadwalader Wickersham Taft. Jeffrey M. Levy 61 President, Commercial Banking. Mr. Levy assumed his current position in January 2022. He served as the Bank s Senior Vice President, Commercial Banking Sales Executive from June 2021 to December 2021, as Senior Vice President, Regional President of Capital Region from June 2019 to June 2021, and as Senior Vice President, Commercial Banking Team Leader from January 2018 to June 2019. Prior to joining the Bank, he served as the Executive Vice President and President of Commercial Banking at NBT Bank, N.A. from December 2006 to August 2016. 
 16 

Table of Contents 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors There are risks inherent in the Company s business. The material risks and uncertainties that management believes affect the Company are described below. Adverse experience with these could have a material impact on the Company s financial condition and results of operations. The Risk Committee of the Board of Directors oversees the Company s efforts to manage risks through actions such as reviewing the Bank s credit risk, liquidity and interest rate risk, monitoring the quality and risk profile of the Bank s loan portfolio and credit administration, evaluating the Company s securities portfolio to ensure that the Company s objectives related to diversification, asset quality, liquidity, profitability and pledging are met, overseeing the Company s enterprise risk management functions and overseeing the Company s information security and cybersecurity functions. Risks Related to the Company s Business Interest Rate Risk Changes in interest rates affect our profitability, assets and liabilities. The Company s income and cash flow depends to a great extent on the difference between the interest earned on loans and investment securities, and the interest paid on deposits and borrowings. Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors that are beyond the Company s control, including general economic conditions and policies of various governmental and regulatory agencies and, in particular, the FRB. Changes in interest rates, including those driven by changes in monetary policy, could influence not only the interest the Company receives on loans and securities and the amount of interest it pays on deposits and borrowings, but such changes could also affect (1) its ability to originate loans and obtain deposits, which could reduce the amount of fee income generated, (2) the fair value of its financial assets and liabilities, and (3) the average duration of the Company s various categories of earning assets. Earnings could be adversely affected if the interest rates received on loans and investments fall more quickly than the interest rates paid on deposits and other borrowings. If the interest rates paid on deposits and other borrowings increase at a faster rate than the interest rates received on loans and investments, the Company s net interest income could also be adversely affected, which in turn could negatively affect the Company s earnings. Increases in interest rates would likely cause an increase in the unrealized loss position on certain investments, a decrease in tangible equity, and could negatively affect the Company s earnings if the need to liquidate these investments arose. Although management believes it has implemented asset and liability management strategies to reduce the potential effects of changes in interest rates on the results of operations, any substantial, unexpected, prolonged change in market interest rates could have a material adverse effect on the financial condition and results of operations. Reforms to and uncertainty regarding the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR may adversely affect LIBOR-based financial arrangements of the Company. The Company has certain floating-rate commercial loans that determine their applicable interest rate or payment amount by reference to LIBOR. The U.K. Financial Conduct Authority, which regulates LIBOR, has announced that it will no longer persuade or compel banks to submit rates for the calculation of LIBOR after 2021. In November 2020, it was announced that the rate would continue to be published through June 2023. However, the FRB has urged banks to make the transition as soon as practicable and that no new contracts should include LIBOR after the original end date of December 31, 2021. In March 2022, the Adjustable Interest Rate (LIBOR) Act (the LIBOR Act was enacted. The LIBOR Act provides a statutory framework to replace U.S. dollar LIBOR with a benchmark rate based on the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR for contracts governed by U.S. law that have no fallbacks or fallbacks that would require the use of a poll or LIBOR-based rate. Under the LIBOR Act, the FRB must adopt rules to identify the SOFR-based replacement rate and conforming changes for legacy LIBOR-linked contracts. The FRB issued proposed rules in July 2022, which have not yet been finalized. Despite the proximity of the June 2023 cessation date, there remain, however, a number of unknown factors regarding the transition from the LIBORs and/or interest rate benchmark reforms. 
 17 

Table of Contents 
 Uncertainty as to the nature of alternative reference rates, and as to potential changes or other reforms to LIBOR, may adversely affect LIBOR rates and the value of LIBOR-based financial arrangements of the Company. While not expected to be material to the Company due to its insignificant exposure to LIBOR-based loans and financial instruments, the implementation of an alternative index or indices for the Company s financial arrangements may result in less predictable outcomes, including reduced interest income if the alternative index or indices respond differently to market and other factors, the Company incurring expenses in effecting the transition, may result in reduced loan balances if borrowers do not accept the substitute index or indices and may result in disputes or litigation with customers over the appropriateness or comparability of the alternative index to LIBOR, which could have an adverse effect on the Company s results of operations. Liquidity Risk The Company must maintain adequate sources of funding and liquidity to meet regulatory expectations, support its operations and fund outstanding liabilities. The Company s liquidity and ability to fund and run its business could be materially adversely affected by a variety of conditions and factors, including financial and credit market disruptions and volatility, a lack of market or customer confidence in financial markets in general, or deposit competition based on interest rates, which may result in a loss of customer deposits or outflows of cash or collateral and/or adversely affect the Company s ability to access capital markets on favorable terms. Other conditions and factors that could materially adversely affect the Company s liquidity and funding include a lack of market or customer confidence in, or negative news about, the Company or the financial services industry generally which also may result in a loss of deposits and/or negatively affect the Company s ability to access the capital markets; the loss of customer deposits due to reductions in customer savings rates, increased spending due to inflation, or other factors including shifting to alternative investments; counterparty availability; interest rate fluctuations; general economic conditions; and the legal, regulatory, accounting and tax environments governing the Company s funding transactions. The possibility of a funding crisis exists at all financial institutions. A funding crisis would most likely result from a shock to the financial system that disrupts orderly short-term funding operations or from a significant tightening of monetary policy that limits the national money supply. Many of the foregoing conditions and factors may be caused by events over which the Company has little or no control. There can be no assurance that significant disruption and volatility in the financial markets will not occur in the future. Further, the Company s customers may be adversely impacted by such conditions, which could have a negative impact on the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations. As a member institution of the FHLB, the Bank is required to maintain a positive tangible equity balance to retain access to the borrowing facilities offered by the FHLB. Management has implemented certain asset and liability management strategies, assessed the Bank s future earnings capacity and evaluated its capital resources, including its parent Company resources, and believes the likelihood the Bank will be unable to maintain a positive tangible equity balance is low. In the event it became unlikely that the Bank would be able to maintain a positive tangible equity balance, it would either seek an approval from its primary federal regulator to maintain access to its FHLB borrowing facilities or transfer its eligible collateral to the FRB to avoid disruption in its wholesale borrowing capacity. The Company depends on dividends from BPAS and its banking subsidiary for cash revenues to support common dividend payments and other uses, but those dividends are subject to restrictions. The ability of the Company to satisfy its obligations and pay cash dividends to its shareholders is primarily dependent on the earnings of and dividends from BPAS and the subsidiary bank. However, payment of dividends by the bank subsidiary is limited by dividend restrictions and capital requirements imposed by bank regulations. 
 18 

Table of Contents 
 Credit and Lending Risk The allowance for credit losses may be insufficient. The Company s business depends on the creditworthiness of its customers. The Company reviews the allowance for credit losses quarterly for adequacy considering historical credit loss experience, current loan-specific risk characteristics such as differences in underwriting standards, portfolio mix, delinquency levels, risk ratings as well as changes in macroeconomic conditions. If the Company s assumptions prove to be incorrect, the Company s allowance for credit losses may not be sufficient to cover losses inherent in the Company s loan portfolio, resulting in additions to the allowance. Material additions to the allowance would materially decrease its net income. It is possible that over time the allowance for credit losses will be inadequate to cover credit losses in the portfolio because of unanticipated adverse changes in the economy, market conditions or events adversely affecting specific customers, industries or markets. On January 1, 2020, the Company adopted ASU No. 2016-13, Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326) , also referred to as CECL. Under this standard, the Company s required allowance for credit losses may fluctuate more significantly from period to period due to changes in economic conditions, changes in the composition of the Company s loan portfolios, changes in historical loss rates and changes in other credit factors, including the level of delinquent loans. Mortgage banking income may experience significant volatility. Mortgage banking income is highly influenced by the level and direction of mortgage interest rates, real estate and refinancing activity and elections made by the Company to sell or retain mortgage production. In lower interest rate environments, the demand for mortgage loans and refinancing activity will tend to increase. Increases in mortgage loan sales would have the effect of increasing fee income, but could adversely impact the estimated fair value of the Company s mortgage servicing rights as the rate of loan prepayments increase. In higher interest rate environments, the demand for mortgage loans and refinancing activity will generally be lower. Decreases in mortgage loan sales would have the effect of decreasing fee income opportunities. Legal, Regulatory, and Compliance Risk The Company is or may become involved in lawsuits, legal proceedings, information-gathering requests, investigations, and proceedings by governmental agencies or other parties that may lead to adverse consequences. As a participant in the financial services industry, many aspects of the Company s business involve substantial risk of legal liability. The Company and its subsidiaries have been named or threatened to be named as defendants in various lawsuits arising from its or its subsidiaries business activities (and in some cases from the activities of acquired companies). In addition, the Company is, or may become, the subject of governmental and self-regulatory agency information-gathering requests, reviews, investigations and proceedings and other forms of regulatory inquiry by, including but not limited to, bank regulatory agencies, the SEC, FINRA, the CFPB, the U.S. Department of Justice, the U.S. Department of Labor, state attorneys general, state insurance regulators and law enforcement authorities. The results of such proceedings could lead to delays in or prohibition to acquire other companies, significant penalties, including monetary penalties, damages, adverse judgments, settlements, fines, injunctions, restrictions on the way in which the Company conducts its business, or reputational harm. Although the Company establishes accruals for legal proceedings when information related to the loss contingencies represented by those matters indicates both that a loss is probable and that the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated, the Company does not have accruals for all legal or regulatory proceedings where it faces a risk of loss. In addition, due to the inherent subjectivity of the assessments and unpredictability of the outcome of legal proceedings, amounts accrued may not represent the ultimate loss to the Company from the legal proceedings in question. Thus, the Company s ultimate losses may be higher than the amounts accrued for legal loss contingencies, which could adversely affect the Company s financial condition and results of operations. 
 19 

Table of Contents 
 The Company operates in a highly regulated environment and may be adversely affected by changes in laws and regulations or the interpretation and examination of existing laws and regulations. The Company and its subsidiaries are subject to extensive state and federal regulation, supervision and legislation that govern nearly every aspect of its operations. The Company, as a financial holding company, is subject to regulation by the FRB and its banking subsidiary is subject to regulation by the OCC. These regulations affect deposit and lending practices, capital levels and structure, investment practices, dividend policy, and growth. These regulatory authorities have extensive discretion in connection with their supervisory and enforcement activities, including the imposition of restrictions on the operation of a bank, the classification of assets by a bank, and the adequacy of a bank s allowance for credit losses. In addition, the non-bank subsidiaries are engaged in providing services including, but not limited to, retirement plan administration, fiduciary services to collective investment funds, investment management and insurance brokerage services, which industries are also heavily regulated at both a state and federal level, including by state banking and insurance agencies, the U.S. Department of Labor and the SEC. Such regulators govern the activities in which the Company and its subsidiaries may engage. Any change in such regulation and oversight, whether in the form of regulatory policy, regulations, legislation, interpretation or application, could have a material impact on the Company and its operations. Changes to the regulatory laws governing these businesses could affect the Company s ability to deliver or expand its services and adversely impact its operating and financial condition. The Dodd-Frank Act, as amended by the Economic Growth Act, instituted major changes to the banking and financial institutions regulatory regimes in the financial services sector. The ongoing effects of the Dodd-Frank Act, as well as continued rule-making and possible future changes to the regulatory requirements, may substantially impact the Company s and the Bank s operations. The implications of the Dodd-Frank Act depend to a large extent on the implementation of the legislation by the FRB, the CFPB, and other agencies as well as how market practices and structures change in response to the requirements of such rule making. Changes in regulations could subject the Company, among other things, to additional costs for compliance and limit the types of financial services and products it can offer and/or increase the ability of non-banks to offer competing financial services and products. In addition, under the current administration, regulatory agencies, including the CPFB, have introduced new regulatory initiatives and pursued more aggressive enforcement policies with respect to a range of regulatory compliance matters. New initiatives and proposed rulemaking by such regulatory agencies may significantly limit the types of products the Company may offer and the fees it may charge for its services which may have a material impact on the Company s fee income. The Company may also be required to add additional compliance personnel or incur other significant compliance-related expenses. The Company s business, results of operations or competitive position may be adversely affected as a result. The Company is also directly subject to the requirements of entities that set and interpret the accounting standards such as the Financial Accounting Standards Board, and indirectly subject to the actions and interpretations of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board, which establishes auditing and related professional practice standards for registered public accounting firms and inspects registered firms to assess their compliance with certain laws, rules, and professional standards in public company audits. These regulations, along with the currently existing tax, accounting, securities, insurance, and monetary laws, regulations, rules, standards, policies and interpretations, control the methods by which financial institutions and their holding companies conduct business, engage in strategic and tax planning, implement strategic initiatives, and govern financial reporting. The Company s failure to comply with laws, regulations or policies could result in civil or criminal sanctions, restrictions to its business model, and money penalties by state and federal agencies, and/or reputation damage, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations. See Supervision and Regulation for more information about the regulations to which the Company is subject. 
 20 

Table of Contents 
 Basel III capital rules generally require insured depository institutions and their holding companies to hold more capital, which could limit our ability to pay dividends, engage in share repurchases and pay discretionary bonuses. The FRB, the FDIC, and the OCC adopted final rules for the Basel III capital framework which address the regulatory risk-based capital rules applicable to the Company. The capital conservation buffer requirement is 2.5 on top of the common Tier 1, Tier 1 and total capital requirements, resulting in a required common Tier 1 equity ratio of 7 , a Tier 1 ratio of 8.5 , and a total capital ratio of 10.5 . Failure to satisfy any of these three capital requirements will result in limits on paying dividends, engaging in share repurchases and paying discretionary bonuses. These limitations establish a maximum percentage of eligible retained income that could be utilized for such actions and potentially limit the Company s ability to pay dividends, engage in share repurchases and pay discretionary bonuses. Increased regulation and stakeholder expectations related to environmental, social, and governance factors could negatively affect our operating results. There is increased public awareness and concern by investors, customers, and governmental and nongovernmental organizations on a variety of environmental, social, and sustainability matters. This increased awareness may include more restrictive or expansive environmental standards, more prescriptive reporting of environmental, social, and governance metrics, and other compliance requirements. In particular, the U.S. government is increasing its focus on climate change issues, including proposed disclosure requirements by the SEC that could result in additional compliance costs. The Company may face increased costs to address and report on these matters, which could have an adverse impact on the Company s business and financial condition. If the Company is unable to adequately address environmental, social, and governance matters that are of importance to regulators, investors and customers, it could negatively impact the Company s reputation and the Company s business results. Operational Risk The Company continually encounters technological change and the failure to understand and adapt to these changes could have a negative impact on the business. The financial services industry is continually undergoing rapid technological change with frequent introductions of new technology-driven products and services. The effective use of technology increases efficiency and enables financial institutions to better serve customers and to reduce costs. The Company s future success depends, in part, upon its ability to address the needs of its customers by using technology to provide products and services that will satisfy customer demands, as well as to create additional efficiencies in the Company s operations. Many of the Company s competitors have substantially greater resources to invest in technological improvements. The Company may not be able to effectively implement new technology-driven products and services or be successful in marketing these products and services to its customers and the costs of this technology may negatively impact the Company s results of operations. Failure to successfully keep pace with technological changes affecting the financial services industry could have a material adverse impact on the Company s financial condition and results of operations. 
 21 

Table of Contents 
 The Company is exposed to fraud in many aspects of the services and products that it provides. The Company offers a wide variety of products and services many of which could be vulnerable to fraud. Although the Company has various processes and controls in place to mitigate fraud, the risk cannot be eliminated and certain exposures are outside the Company s control. For example, when account credentials and other access tools are not adequately protected by its customers, risks and potential costs may increase. Fraud or fraudulent attempts may also increase as (a) sales of services and products expand, (b) those who are committing fraud adapt their methods to circumvent existing controls, become more sophisticated and more determined, and (c) services and product offerings expand. The foregoing and other factors may cause the Company s operational losses to increase as a result. The Company is subject to a variety of operational risks, including reputational risk, legal and compliance risk, the risk of fraud or theft by employees or outsiders, which may adversely affect the Company s business and results of operations. The Company is exposed to many types of operational risks, including reputational risk, legal and compliance risk, the risk of fraud or theft by employees or outsiders, unauthorized transactions by employees, or operational errors, including clerical or record keeping errors or those resulting from faulty or disabled computer or telecommunications systems or disclosure of confidential proprietary information of its customers. Negative public opinion can result from actual or alleged conduct in any number of activities, including lending practices, sales practices, customer treatment, corporate governance and acquisitions and from actions taken by government regulators and community organizations in response to those activities. Negative public opinion can adversely affect the Company s ability to attract and keep customers and can expose the Company to litigation and regulatory action. Actual or alleged conduct by the Company can result in negative public opinion about its business and financial loss. If personal, nonpublic, confidential, or proprietary information of customers in the Company s possession were to be mishandled or misused, the Company could suffer significant regulatory consequences, reputational damage, and financial loss. Such mishandling or misuse could include, for example, if such information were erroneously provided to parties who are not permitted to have the information, either by fault of its systems, employees, or counterparties, or where such information is intercepted or otherwise inappropriately taken by third parties. Because the nature of the financial services business involves a high volume of transactions, certain errors may be repeated or compounded before they are discovered and successfully rectified. The Company s necessary dependence upon automated systems to record and process transactions and the large transaction volumes may further increase the risk that technical flaws or employee tampering or manipulation of those systems will result in losses that are difficult to detect. Further, the significant value of money managed and administered may result in larger exposures. The Company also may be subject to disruptions of its operating systems arising from events that are wholly or partially beyond its control (for example, computer viruses or electrical or telecommunications outages), which may give rise to disruption of service to customers and to financial loss or liability. The Company is further exposed to the risk that external vendors, including those hosting cloud computing service, may be unable to fulfill their contractual obligations (or will be subject to the same risk of fraud or operational errors by their respective employees) and to the risk that business continuity and data security systems prove to be inadequate. The occurrence of any of these risks could result in a diminished ability to operate the Company s business, potential liability to clients, reputational damage, and regulatory intervention, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations, perhaps materially. 
 22 

Table of Contents 
 The Company s information systems may experience an interruption or security breach and expose the Company to additional operational, compliance, cybersecurity and legal risks. The Company relies heavily on existing and emerging communications and information systems to conduct its business. Despite the Company s security measures and business continuity plans, the Company and its vendors may be the subject of sophisticated and targeted attacks intended to obtain unauthorized access to assets or confidential information, destroy data, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems, often through the introduction of computer viruses or malware, ransomware, phishing attacks, cyber-attacks, or breaches due to errors or malfeasance by employees, contractors and others who have access to or obtain unauthorized access to the Company s systems and networks. The methods used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service or sabotage systems are constantly evolving and may be difficult to anticipate or to detect for long periods of time. The constantly changing nature of the threats means that the Company may not be able to prevent all data security breaches or misuse of data. Any failure, interruption or breach in security of these systems could result in failures or disruptions in the Company s online banking system, its general ledger, and its deposit and loan servicing and origination systems or other systems. Furthermore, if personal, confidential or proprietary information of customers or clients in the Company s or vendors possession were to be mishandled or misused, the Company could suffer significant regulatory consequences, reputational damage and financial loss. Such mishandling or misuse could include circumstances where, for example, such information was erroneously provided to parties who are not permitted to have the information, either by fault of the Company s systems, employees, or counterparties, or where such information was intercepted or otherwise inappropriately taken by third parties. The Company has policies and procedures designed to prevent or limit the effect of the possible failure, interruption or security breach of its information systems; however, any such failure, interruption or security breach could adversely affect the Company s business and results of operations through loss of assets or by requiring it to expend significant resources to correct the defect, as well as exposing the Company to customer dissatisfaction and civil litigation, regulatory fines or penalties or losses not covered by insurance. Evolving data security and privacy requirements could increase the Company s costs and expose it to additional operational, compliance, and legal risks. The Company s business requires the secure processing and storage of sensitive information relating to its customers, employees, business partners, and others. However, like any financial institution operating in today s digital business environment, the Company is subject to threats to the security of its networks and data, as described above. These threats continue to increase as the frequency, intensity and sophistication of attempted attacks and intrusions increase around the world. In response to these threats there has been heightened legislative and regulatory focus on data privacy and cybersecurity in the U.S. and internationally and as a result, the Company must comply with an evolving set of legal requirements in this area, including substantive cybersecurity standards as well as requirements for notifying regulators and affected individuals in the event of a data security incident. This regulatory environment is increasingly challenging and may present material obligations and risks to the Company s business, including significantly expanded compliance burdens, costs and enforcement risks. The Company relies on third party vendors, which could expose the Company to additional cybersecurity risks. Third party vendors provide key components of the Company s business infrastructure, including certain data processing, cloud computing, and information services. On behalf of the Company, third parties may transmit confidential, propriety information. Although the Company requires third party providers to maintain certain levels of information security which are verified through review of documentation collected as part of due diligence and ongoing monitoring of third party providers, such providers may remain vulnerable to breaches, unauthorized access, misuse, computer viruses, or other malicious attacks that could ultimately compromise sensitive information or result in funds being transferred. While the Company may contractually limit liability in connection with attacks against third party providers, the Company remains exposed to the risk of loss associated with such vendors. In addition, a number of the Company s vendors are large national entities with dominant market presence in their respective fields. Their services could prove difficult to replace in a timely manner if a failure or other service interruption were to occur. Failures of certain vendors to provide contracted services could adversely affect the Company s ability to deliver products and services to customers and cause the Company to incur significant expense. 
 23 

Table of Contents 
 The Company s ability to attract and retain qualified employees is critical to the success of its business, and failure to do so may have a materially adverse effect on the Company s performance. The Company s employees are its most important resource, and in many areas of the financial services industry, competition for qualified personnel is intense and certain of the Company s competitors have directly targeted its employees, including competitors who are outside of our geographic footprint offering work from home opportunities. The imposition on the Company or its employees of certain existing and proposed restrictions or taxes on executive compensation may adversely affect the Company s ability to attract and retain qualified senior management and employees. The Company s business could be adversely impacted by increases in labor costs, including wages and benefits, triggered by regulatory actions regarding wages; increased health care and workers compensation insurance costs; increased costs of other benefits necessary to attract and retain high quality employees with the right skill sets; and increased wages, benefits and costs related to inflationary and other pressure on wages now being experienced. If the Company provides inadequate succession planning or is unable to continue to retain and attract qualified employees, the Company s performance, including its competitive position, could have a materially adverse effect. External and Market-Related Risk Regional economic factors may have an adverse impact on the Company s business. The Company s main markets are located in the states of New York, Pennsylvania, Vermont and Massachusetts. Most of the Company s customers are individuals and small and medium-sized businesses which are dependent upon the regional economy. Accordingly, the local economic conditions in these areas have a significant impact on the demand for the Company s products and services as well as the ability of the Company s customers to repay loans, the value of the collateral securing loans and the stability of the Company s deposit funding sources. A prolonged economic downturn in these markets could negatively impact the Company. The financial services industry is highly competitive and creates competitive pressures that could adversely affect the Company s revenue and profitability. The financial services industry in which the Company operates is highly competitive. The Company competes not only with commercial and other banks and thrifts, but also with insurance companies, mutual funds, hedge funds, securities brokerage firms and other companies offering financial services in the U.S., globally and over the Internet. The Company competes on the basis of several factors, including capital, access to capital, revenue generation, quality customer service, products, services, transaction execution, innovation, reputation and price. Over time, certain sectors of the financial services industry have become more concentrated, as institutions involved in a broad range of financial services have been acquired by or merged into other firms. These developments could result in the Company s competitors gaining greater capital and other resources, such as a broader range of products and services and geographic diversity. The Company may experience pricing pressures as a result of these factors and as some of its competitors seek to increase market share by reducing prices or paying higher rates of interest on deposits. Finally, technological change is influencing how individuals and firms conduct their financial affairs and changing the delivery channels for financial services, with the result that the Company may have to contend with a broader range of competitors including many that are not located within the geographic footprint of its banking office network. The Company may be adversely affected by the soundness of other financial institutions. Financial services institutions are interrelated as a result of trading, clearing, counterparty, or other relationships. The Company has exposure to many different industries and counterparties, and routinely executes transactions with counterparties in the financial services industry. Many of these transactions expose the Company to credit risk in the event of a default by a counterparty or client. In addition, credit risk may be exacerbated when the collateral held by the Company cannot be realized upon or is liquidated at prices not sufficient to recover the full amount of the credit or derivative exposure due to the Company. Any such losses could have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition and results of operations. 
 24 

Table of Contents 
 Conditions in the insurance market could adversely affect the Company s earnings. Revenue from insurance fees and commissions could be negatively affected by fluctuating premiums in the insurance markets or other factors beyond the Company s control. Other factors that affect insurance revenue are the profitability and growth of the Company s clients, the renewal rate of the current insurance policies, continued development of new product and services as well as access to new markets. The Company s insurance revenues and profitability may also be adversely affected by new laws and regulatory developments impacting the healthcare and insurance markets as well as the financial stability of insurance carriers. Changes in the equity markets could materially affect the level of assets under management and the demand for other fee-based services and could adversely affect the Company s earnings. Economic downturns could affect the volume of income from and demand for fee-based services. Revenue from the wealth management and employee benefit trust businesses depends in large part on the level of assets under management and administration. Market volatility and the potential to lead customers to liquidate investments, as well as lower asset values, can reduce the level of assets under management and administration and thereby decrease the Company s investment management and employee benefit trust revenues. Financial services companies depend on the accuracy and completeness of information about customers and counterparties. In deciding whether to extend credit or enter into other transactions, the Company may rely on information furnished by or on behalf of customers and counterparties, including financial statements, credit reports and other financial information. The Company may also rely on representations of those customers, counterparties or other third parties, such as independent auditors, as to the accuracy and completeness of that information. Reliance on inaccurate or misleading financial statements, credit reports or other information could have a material adverse impact on business and, in turn, the Company s financial condition and results of operations. The Company may be required to record impairment charges related to goodwill, other intangible assets and the investment portfolio. The Company may be required to record impairment charges in respect to goodwill, other intangible assets and the investment portfolio. Numerous factors, including lack of liquidity for resale of certain investment securities, absence of reliable pricing information for investment securities, the economic condition of state and local municipalities, adverse changes in the business climate, adverse actions by regulators, unanticipated changes in the competitive environment or a decision to change the operations or dispose of an operating unit could have a negative effect on the investment portfolio, goodwill or other intangible assets in future periods. The Company s financial statements are based, in part, on assumptions and estimates, which, if incorrect or conditions change, could cause unexpected losses in the future. Pursuant to accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, the Company is required to use certain assumptions and estimates in preparing its financial statements, including in determining credit loss reserves, mortgage repurchase liability and reserves related to litigation, among other items. Certain of the Company s financial instruments, including available-for-sale securities and certain loans, among other items, require a determination of their fair value in order to prepare the Company s financial statements. Where quoted market prices are not available, the Company may make fair value determinations based on internally developed models or other means which ultimately rely to some degree on management judgment. Some of these and other assets and liabilities may have no direct observable price levels, making their valuation particularly subjective, as they are based on significant estimation and judgment. In addition, sudden illiquidity in markets or declines in prices of certain loans and securities may make it more difficult to value certain balance sheet items, which may lead to the possibility that such valuations will be subject to further change or adjustment. If assumptions or estimates underlying the Company s financial statements are incorrect, it may experience material losses. 
 25 

Table of Contents 
 The Company s business and results of operations may be adversely affected by the U.S. and global financial markets, fiscal, monetary, and regulatory policies, and economic conditions generally. General political, economic, and social conditions in the U.S. and in countries abroad affect markets in the U.S. and ultimately the Company s business. In particular, U.S. markets may be affected by the level and volatility of interest rates, availability and market conditions of financing, economic growth, historically high levels of inflation, supply chain disruptions, consumer spending, employment levels, labor shortages, wage escalation or stagnation, changes in home prices, commercial property values, the growth of global trade and commerce, the availability and cost of capital and credit, and investor sentiment and confidence. Additionally, U.S. energy and commodity markets may be adversely affected by the current or anticipated impact of climate change, extreme weather events or natural disasters, the emergence or continuation of widespread health emergencies or pandemics, cyberattacks or campaigns, military conflict, including the war between Russia and Ukraine, terrorism or other geopolitical events. Also, any sudden or prolonged market downturn in the U.S., as a result of the above factors or otherwise, could result in a decline in net interest income and noninterest income and adversely affect the Company s results of operations and financial condition, including capital and liquidity levels. The economic developments in connection with the ongoing pandemic, including supply chain disruptions, increased inflation, changes to the Company s customers industries, and the emergence of new COVID-19 variants in the U.S. and abroad have adversely impacted and may continue to adversely impact financial markets and macroeconomic conditions and could result in additional market volatility and disruptions globally. Actions taken by the Federal Reserve, including changes in its target funds rate, balance sheet management, and lending facilities are beyond the Company s control and difficult to predict. These actions can affect interest rates and the value of financial instruments and other assets and liabilities and can impact the Company s borrowers. Sudden changes in monetary policy, for example in response to high inflation, could lead to financial market volatility, increases in market interest rates, and a flattening or inversion of the yield curve. For example, higher inflation, or volatility and uncertainty related to inflation, could reduce demand for the Company s products, adversely affect the creditworthiness of the Company s borrowers, or result in lower values for the Company s investment securities and other interest-earning assets. Changes to existing U.S. laws and regulatory policies and evolving priorities, including those related to financial regulation, taxation, fiscal policy, climate change, and healthcare, may adversely impact U.S. or global economic activity and the Company s customers and its earnings and operations. For example, a slowdown in consumer demand due to increased inflation could limit the ability of firms to pass on fast-rising costs for labor, transportation and other inputs, weighing on earnings and potentially leading to an equity market downturn. Significant fiscal policy changes and/or initiatives may also raise the federal debt, affect businesses and household after-tax incomes and increase uncertainty surrounding the formulation and direction of U.S. monetary policy and volatility of interest rates. Any of these developments could adversely affect the Company s consumer and commercial businesses, its customers, its securities portfolios, including the risk of lower re-investment rates within those portfolios, its level of loan net charge-offs and provision for credit losses, the carrying value of its deferred tax assets, its capital levels, its liquidity and its results of operations. The Company s consumer businesses can be negatively affected by adverse economic conditions and governmental policies. The Company s consumer businesses are particularly affected by U.S. economic conditions, including changes in personal and household incomes, unemployment or underemployment, prolonged periods of exceptionally low interest rates, increased housing and automobile prices, the level of inflation and its effect on prices for goods and services, consumer and small business confidence levels, and changes in consumer spending or in the level of consumer debt. Heightened levels of unemployment or underemployment that result in reduced personal and household income could negatively affect consumer credit performance to the extent that consumers are less able to service their debts. In addition, unemployment or underemployment, sustained low economic growth, low or negative interest rates, inflationary pressures or recessionary conditions could reduce deposit balances and diminish customer demand for the products and services offered by the Company s businesses. In addition, governmental proposals to permit student loan obligations to be discharged in bankruptcy proceedings could, if enacted into law, encourage certain of the Company s customers to declare personal bankruptcy and thereby trigger defaults and charge-offs of consumer loans extended to those customers. 
 26 

Table of Contents 
 Pandemics, epidemics, disease outbreaks and other public health crises, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, have disrupted our business and operations, and future outbreaks or reemergence of the COVID-19 pandemic could materially adversely impact our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. Pandemics, epidemics or disease outbreaks in the U.S. or globally, including the COVID-19 pandemic, have disrupted, and may in the future disrupt, our business, which could materially affect our results of operations, financial condition, liquidity and future expectations. The COVID-19 pandemic adversely affected businesses, economies and financial markets worldwide, placed constraints on the operations of businesses, decreased consumer mobility and activity, and caused significant economic volatility in the United States and international capital markets. Any new pandemic or other public health crisis, or the reemergence of the COVID-19 pandemic, could have a material impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations going forward. Risk Related to Acquisition Activity Acquisition activity could adversely affect the Company s financial condition and result of operations. The business strategy of the Company includes growth through acquisition. Recently completed and future acquisitions will be accompanied by the risks commonly encountered in acquisitions. These risks include among other things: limitations on potential acquisition targets based upon regulatory restrictions, obtaining timely regulatory approval, the difficulty of integrating operations and personnel, the potential disruption of the Company s ongoing business, the inability of the Company s management to maximize its financial and strategic position, the inability to maintain uniform standards, controls, procedures and policies, the potential that errors, omissions or circumstances existing prior to or at the time of the closing result in losses after the close, and the impairment of relationships with employees and customers as a result of changes in ownership and management. Further, the asset quality or other financial characteristics of a company may deteriorate after the acquisition agreement is signed or after the acquisition closes. A portion of the Company s loan portfolio was acquired primarily through whole-bank acquisitions and was not underwritten by the Company at origination. At December 31, 2022, 14 of the loan portfolio was acquired and was not underwritten by the Company at origination, and therefore is not necessarily reflective of the Company s historical credit risk experience. The Company performed extensive credit due diligence prior to each acquisition and marked the loans to fair value upon acquisition, with such fair valuation considering expected credit losses that existed at the time of acquisition. However, there is a risk that credit losses could be larger than currently anticipated, thus adversely affecting earnings. General Risks Trading activity in the Company s common stock could result in material price fluctuations. The market price of the Company s common stock may fluctuate significantly in response to a number of other factors including, but not limited to: Changes in securities analysts expectations of financial performance; Volatility of stock market prices and volumes; Incorrect information or speculation; Changes in industry valuations; Variations in operating results from general expectations; Actions taken against the Company by various regulatory agencies; Changes in authoritative accounting guidance by the Financial Accounting Standards Board or other regulatory agencies; Changes in general domestic economic conditions such as inflation rates, tax rates, unemployment rates, oil prices, labor and healthcare cost trend rates, recessions, and changing government policies, laws and regulations; and Severe weather, natural disasters, acts of war or terrorism and other external events. 

 27 

Table of Contents 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments None Item 2. Properties The Company s primary headquarters are located at 5790 Widewaters Parkway, Dewitt, New York, which is leased. In addition, the Company has 266 properties, of which 169 are owned and 97 are under lease arrangements. With respect to the Banking segment, the Company operates 203 full-service branches, 13 drive-thru only facilities and 16 facilities for back office banking operations. With respect to the Employee Benefit Services segment, the Company operates 14 customer service facilities and one facility for back office operations, all of which are leased. With respect to the All Other segment, the Company operates 19 customer service facilities, 18 of which are leased. Some properties contain tenant leases or subleases. Real property and related banking facilities owned by the Company at December 31, 2022 had a net book value of 110.1 million, of which 5.4 million was held for sale, and none of the properties were subject to any material encumbrances. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company paid 8.6 million of rental fees for facilities leased for its operations. The Company believes that its facilities are suitable and adequate for the Company s current operations. Item 3. Legal Proceedings The Company and its subsidiaries are subject in the normal course of business to various pending and threatened legal proceedings or other matters in which claims for monetary damages are asserted. As of December 31, 2022, management, after consultation with legal counsel, does not anticipate that the aggregate ultimate liability arising out of such pending or threatened matters against the Company or its subsidiaries will be material to the Company s consolidated financial position. On at least a quarterly basis, the Company assesses its liabilities and contingencies in connection with such matters. For those matters where it is probable that the Company will incur losses and the amounts of the losses can be reasonably estimated, the Company records an expense and corresponding liability in its consolidated financial statements. To the extent such matters could result in exposure in excess of that liability, the amount of such excess is not currently estimable. The range of reasonably possible losses for matters where an exposure is not currently estimable or considered probable, beyond the existing recorded liabilities, is believed to be between 0 and 1 million in the aggregate. This estimated range is based on information currently available to the Company and involves elements of judgment and significant uncertainties. Information on current legal proceedings and other matters is set forth in Note N to the consolidated financial statements included under Part II, Item 8. Although the Company does not believe that the outcome of pending or threatened litigation or other matters will be material to the Company s consolidated financial position, it cannot rule out the possibility that such outcomes will be material to the consolidated results of operations for a particular reporting period in the future. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Not Applicable Part II Item 5. Market for the Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities The Company s common stock has been trading on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol CBU since December 31, 1997. Prior to that, the common stock traded over-the-counter on the NASDAQ National Market under the symbol CBSI beginning on September 16, 1986. There were 53,773,556 shares of common stock outstanding on January 31, 2023, held by approximately 3,666 registered shareholders of record. The Company has historically paid regular quarterly cash dividends on its common stock, and declared a cash dividend of 0.44 per share for the first quarter of 2023. The Board of Directors of the Company presently intends to continue the payment of regular quarterly cash dividends on the common stock. However, because the substantial majority of the funds available for the payment of dividends by the Company are derived from the subsidiary Bank, future dividends will depend largely upon the earnings of the Bank, its financial condition, its need for funds and applicable governmental policies and regulations. 
 28 

Table of Contents 
 The following graph compares cumulative total shareholders returns on the Company s common stock over the last five fiscal years to the S P 600 Commercial Banks Index, the NASDAQ Bank Index, the S P 500 Index, and the KBW Regional Banking Index. Total return values were calculated as of December 31 of each indicated year assuming a 100 investment on December 31, 2017 and reinvestment of dividends. 
 29 

Table of Contents 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information The following table provides information as of December 31, 2022 with respect to shares of common stock that may be issued under the Company s existing equity compensation plans. 

Number of Securities Number of Remaining Available Securities to be For Future Issuance Issued upon Weighted-average Under Equity Exercise of Exercise Price Compensation Plans Outstanding of Outstanding (excluding securities Options, Warrants Options, Warrants reflected in the first Plan Category and Rights (1) and Rights column) Equity compensation plans approved by security holders: 2004 Long-term Incentive Plan 171,275 31.92 0 2014 Long-term Incentive Plan 1,479,266 49.96 0 2022 Long-term Incentive Plan 0 0 950,497 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 0 0 0 Total 1,650,541 48.09 950,497 (1) The number of securities includes 165,519 shares of unvested restricted stock. 
 Stock Repurchase Program At its December 2022 meeting, the Board approved a new stock repurchase program authorizing the repurchase, at the discretion of senior management, of up to 2,697,000 shares of the Company s common stock, in accordance with securities and banking laws and regulations, during the twelve-month period starting January 1, 2023. Any repurchased shares will be used for general corporate purposes, including those related to stock plan activities. The timing and extent of repurchases will depend on market conditions and other corporate considerations as determined at the Company s discretion. At its December 2021 meeting, the Board approved a stock repurchase program authorizing the repurchase, at the discretion of senior management, of up to 2,697,000 shares of the Company s common stock, in accordance with securities and banking laws and regulations, during the twelve-month period starting January 1, 2022. There were 250,000 shares of treasury stock purchases made under this authorization in 2022. The following table presents stock purchases made during the fourth quarter of 2022: Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Total Total Number of Shares Number of Average Purchased as Part of Maximum Number of Shares Shares Price Paid Publicly Announced That May Yet be Purchased Period Purchased Per Share Plans or Programs Under the Plans or Programs October 1-31, 2022 (1) 960 61.64 0 2,447,000 November 1-30, 2022 0 0.00 0 2,447,000 December 1-31, 2022 0 0.00 0 2,447,000 Total (1) 960 61.64 (1) Included in the common shares repurchased were 960 shares acquired by the Company in connection with the administration of a deferred compensation plan. These shares were not repurchased as part of the publicly announced repurchase plan described above. Item 6. [Reserved] 
 30 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations This Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations MD A primarily reviews the financial condition and results of operations of the Company for the past two years, although in some circumstances a period longer than two years is covered in order to comply with SEC disclosure requirements or to more fully explain long-term trends. The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements and related notes that appear on pages 71 through 131. All references in the discussion to the financial condition and results of operations refer to the consolidated position and results of the Company and its subsidiaries taken as a whole. Unless otherwise noted, all earnings per share EPS figures disclosed in the MD A refer to diluted EPS; interest income, net interest income, and net interest margin are presented on a fully tax-equivalent FTE basis, which is a non-GAAP measure. The term this year and equivalent terms refer to results in calendar year 2022, last year and equivalent terms refer to calendar year 2021, and all references to income statement results correspond to full-year activity unless otherwise noted. This MD A contains certain forward-looking statements with respect to the financial condition, results of operations, and business of the Company. These forward-looking statements involve certain risks and uncertainties. Factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by such forward-looking statements are provided under the caption Forward-Looking Statements on page 64. Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates As a result of the complex and dynamic nature of the Company s business, management must exercise judgment in selecting and applying the most appropriate accounting policies for its various areas of operations. The policy decision process not only ensures compliance with the current accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP ), but also reflects management s discretion with regard to choosing the most suitable methodology for reporting the Company s financial performance. It is management s opinion that the accounting estimates covering certain aspects of the business have more significance than others due to the relative importance of those areas to overall performance, or the level of subjectivity in the selection process. These estimates affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities as well as disclosures of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could meaningfully differ from these estimates. Management believes that the critical accounting estimates include the allowance for credit losses, actuarial assumptions associated with the pension, post-retirement and other employee benefit plans, the provision for income taxes, investment valuation, the carrying value of goodwill and other intangible assets, and acquired loan valuations. A summary of the accounting policies used by management is disclosed in Note A, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , starting on page 76. Allowance for Credit Losses The allowance for credit losses ACL represents management s judgment of an estimated amount of lifetime losses expected to be incurred on outstanding loans at the balance sheet date. This is estimated using relevant available information from internal and external sources relating to past events, current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts. The determination of the appropriateness of the ACL is complex and applies significant and highly subjective estimates. The ACL is measured on a collective (pooled) basis for loan segments that share similar risk characteristics, including collateral type, credit ratings/scores, size, duration, interest rate structure, industry, geography, origination vintage and payment structure. The Company utilizes three methods for calculating the ACL: cumulative loss, vintage loss and line loss. Historical credit loss experience provides the basis for the estimation of expected future credit losses in all three methodologies. Qualitative adjustments are made for differences in loan-specific risk characteristics such as differences in underwriting standards, portfolio mix, acquired loans, levels of delinquencies, current levels of net charge-offs, risk ratings as well as actual and forecasted macroeconomic trends. Macroeconomic data includes unemployment rates, changes in property values such as home prices, commercial real estate prices and automobile prices, gross domestic product, median household income net of inflation and other relevant factors. Management utilizes judgment in determining and applying the qualitative factors and weighting the economic scenarios used, which include baseline, upside and downside. Further details regarding the methodologies applied to estimate the various components of the ACL are provided in Note A, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , starting on page 76. 
 31 

Table of Contents 
 Pension, Post-Retirement and Other Employee Benefit Plans The Company provides a qualified defined benefit pension to eligible employees and retirees, other post-retirement health and life insurance benefits to certain retirees, an unfunded supplemental pension plan for certain key executives and an unfunded stock balance plan for certain of its nonemployee directors. The benefit obligations for the pension and post-retirement benefits plans require significant management judgment. The assumptions used in calculating the benefit obligation include the discount rate, expected return on plan assets, rate of compensation increase and interest crediting rates. The discount rate is determined based upon the yield on high-quality fixed income investments expected to be available during the period to maturity of the pension benefits. The expected long-term rate of return was estimated by taking into consideration asset allocation, long-term capital market assumptions, reviewing historical returns on the type of assets held and current economic factors. Mortality tables are also utilized in calculating the benefit obligation, the selection of which is based on management judgment. Income Taxes The evaluation of the amount and timing of the recognition of current and deferred income taxes is subject to management judgment and estimates. The judgments and estimates required for the evaluation are updated based upon changes in the Company s business and applicable federal, state and local tax laws. Changes in tax laws, regulations and tax planning strategies will impact management s judgment on the evaluation of income taxes. Investment Valuation Certain assets and liabilities are measured at fair value on a recurring basis including available-for-sale investment securities and equity securities. The Company s assets in these categories are measured at either Level 1 or Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. Management judgment is involved in selecting the level in the fair value hierarchy to classify these assets. Level 1 requires the least amount of judgment as it utilizes quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. The Company s assets that are measured at Level 2 require more judgment, as these are quoted prices in markets that are not active or rely on inputs other than quoted prices that are observable. Securities classified as Level 1 in the fair value hierarchy include U.S. Treasury obligations and marketable equity securities that are actively traded. Level 2 securities include U.S. agency securities, mortgage-backed securities issued by government-sponsored entities, municipal securities and corporate debt securities that are valued by reference to prices for similar securities or through model-based techniques in which significant inputs include reported trades, trade execution data, interest rate swap yield curves, market prepayment speeds, credit information, market spreads, and security s terms and conditions. Management judgment is involved in applying those inputs. Certain assets and liabilities are measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis and are included in Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy, which utilizes significant valuation assumptions that are not readily observable in the market. These include individually assessed loans, other real estate owned, mortgage servicing rights and contingent consideration. These assets and liabilities are valued based on inputs selected using management judgment, which includes fair value of underlying collateral (determined using third party appraisals or other indications of value), discount rates, prepayment speeds and estimates of future cash flows. Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets Intangible assets include core deposit intangibles, customer relationship intangibles and goodwill arising from acquisitions. Management judgment and estimates are involved in determining the initial and ongoing carrying value of goodwill and other intangible assets. Initial value requires the assessment of fair value of the intangible asset based on discounted cash flow modeling techniques and inputs such as discount rates, required equity market premiums, peer volatility indicators and company-specific risk indicators. Core deposit intangibles and customer relationship intangibles are amortized on either an accelerated or straight-line basis over periods ranging from seven to 20 years, based on management judgment. 
 32 

Table of Contents 
 The Company evaluates goodwill for impairment on an annual basis and performs a quarterly analysis to determine if any triggering events have occurred that would require an interim evaluation. In accordance with FASB ASC 350, the Company first performs a qualitative assessment of goodwill to determine whether the existence of events or circumstances leads to a determination that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. This qualitative assessment requires significant management judgment, and if the qualitative assessment indicates that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is not less than its carrying value, no quantitative analysis is necessary. The inputs for the qualitative analysis that require management judgment include macroeconomic conditions, industry and market conditions, financial performance of the reporting unit and other relevant events that affect the fair value of a reporting unit. Acquired Loan Valuations Acquired loans are recorded at their fair value as of the date of acquisition. The determination of the fair value of the acquired loan portfolio requires significant management judgments and estimates. The valuation of acquired loans utilizes discounted cash flow methodologies, and significant inputs include prepayment speeds, expected credit loss rates and discount rates, all of which are determined using a combination of historical results and observable market data, among other sources. Management judgment is also involved in determining the amount of acquired loans that have experienced a more-than-insignificant credit deterioration since origination, which would be classified as purchased credit deteriorated PCD ), as compared to non-PCD loans, for the appropriate accounting treatment. Supplemental Reporting of Non-GAAP Results of Operations The Company also provides supplemental reporting of its results on an operating, adjusted or tangible basis, from which it excludes the after-tax effect of amortization of core deposit and other intangible assets (and the related goodwill, core deposit intangible and other intangible asset balances, net of applicable deferred tax amounts), accretion on non-PCD purchased loans, acquisition expenses, acquisition-related provision for credit losses, acquisition-related contingent consideration adjustments, the unrealized gain (loss) on equity securities, litigation accrual expenses and gain on debt extinguishment. Although these items are non-GAAP measures, the Company s management believes this information helps investors and analysts measure underlying core performance and improves comparability to other organizations that have not engaged in acquisitions. In addition, the Company provides supplemental reporting for adjusted pre-tax, pre-provision net revenues, which excludes the provision for credit losses, acquisition-related provision for credit losses, acquisition expenses, acquisition-related contingent consideration adjustments, unrealized gain (loss) on equity securities, litigation accrual expenses and gain on debt extinguishment from income before income taxes. Although adjusted pre-tax, pre-provision net revenue is a non-GAAP measure, the Company s management believes this information helps investors and analysts measure and compare the Company s performance through a credit cycle by excluding the volatility in the provision for credit losses associated with the adoption of CECL and the economic uncertainty caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. Reconciliations of GAAP amounts with corresponding non-GAAP amounts are presented in Table 17. Executive Summary The Company s business philosophy is to operate as a diversified financial services enterprise providing a broad array of banking and other financial services to retail, commercial and municipal customers. The Company s banking subsidiary is Community Bank, N.A. (the Bank or CBNA ). The Company s Benefit Plans Administrative Services, Inc. BPAS subsidiary is a leading provider of employee benefits administration, trust services, collective investment fund administration and actuarial consulting services to customers on a national scale. In addition, the Company offers comprehensive financial planning, insurance and wealth management services through its Community Bank Wealth Management Group and OneGroup NY, Inc. OneGroup operating units. The Company s core operating objectives are: (i) optimize the branch network and digital banking delivery systems, primarily through disciplined acquisition strategies and divestitures/consolidations, (ii) build profitable loan and deposit volume using both organic and acquisition strategies, (iii) manage an investment securities portfolio to complement the Company s loan and deposit strategies and optimize interest rate risk, yield and liquidity, (iv) increase the noninterest component of total revenues through growth in existing banking, employee benefit, insurance and wealth management services business units, and the acquisition of additional financial services and banking businesses, and (v) utilize technology to deliver customer-responsive products and services and improve efficiencies. 
 33 

Table of Contents 
 Significant factors reviewed by management to evaluate achievement of the Company s operating objectives and its operating results and financial condition include, but are not limited to: net income and earnings per share; return on assets and equity; components of net interest margin; noninterest revenues; noninterest expenses; asset quality; loan and deposit growth; capital management; performance of individual banking and financial services units; performance of specific product lines and customers; liquidity and interest rate sensitivity; enhancements to customer products and services and their underlying performance characteristics; technology advancements; market share; peer comparisons; and the performance of recently acquired businesses. On November 1, 2022, the Company, through its subsidiary OneGroup, completed its acquisition of certain assets of JMD Associates, LLC JMD ), an insurance agency headquartered in Boca Raton, Florida. The Company paid 1.0 million in cash and recorded a 0.1 million intangible asset for a noncompete agreement, a 0.4 million customer list intangible and 0.5 million of goodwill in conjunction with the acquisition. On May 13, 2022, the Company completed its merger with Elmira Savings Bank Elmira ), a New York State chartered savings bank headquartered in Elmira, New York, for 82.2 million in cash. The merger enhanced the Company s presence in five counties in New York s Southern Tier and Finger Lakes regions. In connection with the merger, the Company added eight full-service offices to its branch service network and acquired approximately 583.4 million of identifiable assets, including 437.0 million of loans, 11.3 million of investment securities and 8.0 million of core deposit intangibles, as well as 522.3 million of deposits. Goodwill of 42.2 million was recognized as a result of the merger. On January 1, 2022, the Company, through its subsidiary OneGroup, completed acquisitions of certain assets of three insurance agencies for an aggregate amount of 2.5 million in cash. The Company recorded a 2.5 million customer list intangible asset in conjunction with the acquisitions. On August 2, 2021, the Company, through its subsidiary OneGroup, completed its acquisition of certain assets of Thomas Gregory Associates Insurance Brokers, Inc. TGA ), a specialty-lines insurance broker based in the Boston, Massachusetts area for 13.1 million, including 11.6 million in cash and contingent consideration valued at 1.5 million. As of December 31, 2022, the contingent consideration is valued at 1.7 million. The Company recorded a 10.9 million customer list intangible asset and 2.2 million of goodwill in conjunction with the acquisition. On July 1, 2021, the Company, through its subsidiary Benefit Plans Administrative Services, LLC, completed its acquisition of Fringe Benefits Design of Minnesota, Inc. FBD ), a provider of retirement plan administration and benefit consulting services with offices in Minnesota and South Dakota, for 16.7 million, including 15.3 million in cash and contingent consideration valued at 1.4 million. As of December 31, 2022, the contingent consideration is valued at 1.1 million. The Company recorded a 14.0 million customer list intangible asset and 2.1 million of goodwill in conjunction with the acquisition. On June 1, 2021, the Company, through its subsidiary OneGroup, completed its acquisition of certain assets of NuVantage Insurance Corp. NuVantage ), an insurance agency headquartered in Melbourne, Florida. The Company paid 2.9 million in cash and recorded a 1.4 million customer list intangible asset and 1.5 million of goodwill in conjunction with the acquisition. On June 12, 2020, the Company completed its merger with Steuben Trust Corporation Steuben ), parent company of Steuben Trust Company, a New York State chartered bank headquartered in Hornell, New York, for 98.6 million in Company stock and cash, comprised of 21.6 million in cash and the issuance of 1.36 million shares of common stock. The merger extended the Company s footprint into two new counties in Western New York State, and enhanced the Company s presence in four Western New York State counties in which it had already operated. In connection with the merger, the Company added 11 full-service offices to its branch service network and acquired 607.8 million of assets, including 339.7 million of loans and 180.5 million of investment securities, as well as 516.3 million of deposits. Goodwill of 20.0 million, a 2.9 million core deposit intangible asset and a 1.2 million customer list intangible asset were recognized as a result of the merger. 
 34 

Table of Contents 
 The Company reported net income of 188.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 that was 1.6 million, or 0.9 , below the prior year, while earnings per share of 3.46 for the year was 0.02, or 0.6 , below the prior year. The decreases in net income and earnings per share were mainly driven by an increase in noninterest expenses, due in part to the general post-pandemic increase in the level of business activities along with incremental expenses associated with operating an expanded franchise subsequent to the Elmira acquisition and higher acquisition-related expenses during the period, and increases in the provision for credit losses and income taxes. The provision for credit losses during 2022 reflected historically high levels of loan growth, including 3.9 million of acquisition-related provision for credit losses due to the Elmira acquisition, and continued weakening of the economic forecast, while the provision for credit losses during 2021 was a net benefit reflecting steady improvements in the economic outlook and the loan portfolio s asset quality profile. Partially offsetting these items were higher levels of net interest income, due primarily to a significant increase in average loan balances and an increase in the yield on average interest-earning assets, partially offset by higher funding costs, an increase in noninterest revenues, as both total banking and total financial services noninterest revenues grew, and lower weighted average diluted shares outstanding attributable to share repurchases during 2022. Net income adjusted to exclude acquisition expenses, acquisition-related provision for credit losses, acquisition-related contingent consideration adjustment, unrealized gain (loss) on equity securities, litigation accrual, gain on debt extinguishment, amortization of intangibles, and acquired non-PCD loan accretion Adjusted Net Income ), a non-GAAP measure, increased 5.2 million, or 2.6 , compared to the prior year. Earnings per share adjusted to exclude acquisition expenses, acquisition-related provision for credit losses, acquisition-related contingent consideration adjustment, unrealized gain (loss) on equity securities, litigation accrual, gain on debt extinguishment, amortization of intangibles, and acquired non-PCD loan accretion Adjusted Earnings Per Share ), a non-GAAP measure, of 3.74 increased 0.10, or 2.7 , compared to the prior year. See Table 17 for Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Measures. The Company experienced year-over-year growth in average interest-earning assets and average deposits, primarily reflective of organic loan growth and the acquisition of Elmira in the second quarter of 2022. Average external borrowings in 2022 increased from 2021 as the Company entered an overnight borrowing position during the year to support the funding of strong loan growth. Asset quality remained strong throughout 2022, with the upgrade of several large business loans from nonaccrual to accruing status contributing to the nonperforming and delinquency ratios improving from 2021 levels, while the full year net charge-off ratio remained consistent with the level one year earlier. 
 35 

Table of Contents 
 Net Income and Profitability Net income for 2022 was 188.1 million, a decrease of 1.6 million, or 0.9 , from 2021 s net income. Earnings per share for 2022 was 3.46, down 0.02, or 0.6 , from 2021 s results. Net income and earnings per share for 2022 were impacted by 5.0 million of acquisition expenses and a 3.9 million acquisition-related provision for credit losses related to the Elmira acquisition and 0.3 million of acquisition-related contingent consideration adjustments related to the FBD and TGA acquisitions. This is compared to 2021 in which the Company incurred 0.7 million of acquisition expenses related to the Elmira acquisition and the three financial services acquisitions completed in 2021, 0.2 million of acquisition-related contingent consideration adjustment related to the FBD acquisition and a 0.1 million adjustment to litigation accrual expenses. Adjusted net income, a non-GAAP measure, increased 5.2 million, or 2.6 , compared to the prior year, while adjusted pre-tax, pre-provision net revenue, a non-GAAP measure, increased 26.6 million, or 11.4 , compared to 2021. Diluted adjusted net earnings per share, a non-GAAP measure, of 3.74 increased 0.10, or 2.7 , compared to the prior year, while adjusted pre-tax, pre-provision net revenue per share, a non-GAAP measure, of 4.78 increased 0.50, or 11.7 , compared to 2021. See Table 17 for Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Measures. Net income for 2021 was 189.7 million, an increase of 25.0 million, or 15.2 , from 2020 s earnings. Earnings per share for 2021 was 3.48, up 0.40, or 13.0 , from 2020 s results. Net income and earnings per share for 2021 were impacted 0.7 million of acquisition expenses related to the Elmira acquisition and the three financial services acquisitions completed in 2021, 0.2 million of acquisition-related contingent consideration adjustment related to the FBD acquisition and a 0.1 million adjustment to litigation accrual expenses, while in 2020 the Company incurred 4.9 million of acquisition expenses primarily related to the Steuben acquisition, 3.1 million of acquisition-related provision for credit losses related to the Steuben acquisition and 3.0 million of litigation accrual expenses. 2021 adjusted net income, a non-GAAP measure, increased 18.1 million, or 10.0 , compared to the prior year, while adjusted pre-tax, pre-provision net revenue, a non-GAAP measure, increased 5.5 million, or 2.4 , compared to 2020. 2021 diluted adjusted net earnings per share, a non-GAAP measure, of 3.64 increased 0.27, or 8.0 , compared to the prior year, while adjusted pre-tax, pre-provision net revenue per share, a non-GAAP measure, of 4.28 increased 0.02, or 0.5 , compared to 2020. See Table 17 for Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Measures. Table 1: Condensed Income Statements 

Years Ended December 31, (000 s omitted, except per share data) 2022 2021 2020 Net interest income 420,630 374,412 368,403 Provision for credit losses 14,773 (8,839) 14,212 Unrealized (loss) gain on equity securities (44) 17 (6) Gain on debt extinguishment 0 0 421 Noninterest revenues 258,769 246,218 228,004 Acquisition expenses 5,021 701 4,933 Litigation accrual 0 (100) 2,950 Acquisition-related contingent consideration adjustment (300) 200 0 Other noninterest expenses 419,547 387,337 368,651 Income before taxes 240,314 241,348 206,076 Income taxes 52,233 51,654 41,400 Net income 188,081 189,694 164,676 Diluted weighted average common shares outstanding 54,361 54,527 53,487 Diluted earnings per share 3.46 3.48 3.08 
 36 

Table of Contents 
 The Company operates three business segments: Banking, Employee Benefit Services and All Other. The Banking segment provides a wide array of lending and depository-related products and services to individuals, businesses and municipal enterprises. In addition to these general intermediation services, the Banking segment provides treasury management solutions and payment processing services. Employee Benefit Services, consisting of BPAS and its subsidiaries, provides the following on a national basis: retirement plans, health welfare plans, fund administration, institutional trust services, collective investment funds, VEBA/115 trusts, fiduciary services, actuarial pension services, and healthcare consulting services. BPAS services more than 4,500 benefit plans with approximately 620,000 plan participants and holds more than 110 billion in employee benefit trust assets. In addition, BPAS employs 407 professionals serving clients in every U.S. state plus the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, and occupies 14 offices located in New York, Pennsylvania, Massachusetts, New Jersey, Texas, Minnesota, South Dakota, Washington and Puerto Rico. The All Other segment is comprised of wealth management and insurance services. Wealth management activities include trust services provided by the personal trust unit of CBNA, investment products and services provided by Community Investment Services, Inc. CISI ), The Carta Group, Inc. Carta Group and OneGroup Wealth Partners, Inc. Wealth Partners ), as well as asset management provided by Nottingham Advisors, Inc. Nottingham ). The insurance services activities include the offerings of personal and commercial lines of insurance and other risk management products and services provided by OneGroup. The wealth management and insurance businesses include 288 employees and 19 customer service facilities in New York, Pennsylvania, Massachusetts, South Carolina and Florida. The wealth management business includes assets under management of 7.3 billion at the end of 2022. For additional financial information on the Company s segments, refer to Note T Segment Information in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. The primary factors explaining 2022 earnings performance are discussed in the remaining sections of this document and are summarized by segment as follows: BANKING Net interest income increased 46.2 million, or 12.3 . This was the result of a 1.16 billion increase in average interest-earning assets and a 16 basis point increase in the average yield on interest-earning assets, partially offset by a 781.2 million increase in average interest-bearing liabilities and nine basis point increase in the average rate on interest-bearing liabilities. Average loans grew 726.0 million driven by the Elmira acquisition and organic growth in all loan categories, while the yield on loans decreased 5 basis points from the prior year due in part to a 15.4 million decrease in PPP-related interest income. Also contributing to the growth in interest income was a 429.3 million increase in the average book value of investments, including cash equivalents. The increase in the average book balance of investments was the net result of investment purchases of 1.36 billion during the year, offset by 266.9 million in investment maturities, calls and principal payments. The average yield on investments, including cash equivalents, increased 38 basis points from the prior year. Average interest-bearing deposits increased 570.4 million due primarily to the Elmira acquisition, and the cost of funds increased three basis points to 0.16 . Borrowing interest expense increased year-over-year as a result of a blended rate that was 114 basis points higher than the prior year and an increase in average balances of 210.8 million. The provision for credit losses of 14.8 million increased 23.6 million from the prior year s 8.8 million net benefit, reflective of loan growth both organically and from the Elmira acquisition, and a weakening economic forecast throughout 2022. The provision for credit losses for 2022 included 3.9 million of provision related to loans acquired from Elmira. Net charge-offs of 3.3 million were 0.5 million higher than 2021, due to increases in charge-offs in the consumer installment portfolio (which includes consumer indirect and consumer direct loan segments), partially offset by decreases in charge-offs in the business lending, consumer mortgage and home equity portfolios. This resulted in an annual net charge-off ratio (net charge-offs / total average loans) of 0.04 , which was consistent with the prior year. Year-end nonperforming loans as a percentage of total loans and nonperforming assets as a percentage of loans and other real estate owned decreased 24 and 25 basis points, respectively, as compared to December 31, 2021 levels. Additional information on trends and policy related to asset quality is provided in the asset quality section on pages 54 through 58. Banking noninterest revenue, excluding unrealized gains and losses on equity securities, of 75.5 million for 2022 increased by 7.6 million from 2021 s level. The increase was primarily driven by an increase in deposit service and other banking fees that benefitted from the continued post-pandemic recovery of economic activity, as well as incremental revenues from the Elmira acquisition, offset, in part, by a decrease in mortgage banking revenues. The Company continues to currently hold the majority of its new consumer mortgage production in portfolio rather than selling into the secondary market. 
 37 

Table of Contents 
 Banking noninterest expenses, including acquisition and litigation accrual expenses, increased 22.8 million, or 8.4 , in 2022, reflective of an increase in merit-related employee wages, data processing and communications, professional fees, and marketing. Included in total noninterest expenses is 5.0 million of acquisition-related expenses from the Elmira acquisition completed in the second quarter of 2022. Excluding acquisition expenses, banking noninterest expenses increased 18.4 million, or 6.8 , reflective of the increase in general business activity, costs of operating an expanded business after the Elmira acquisition, and the other factors noted above. 
 EMPLOYEE BENEFIT SERVICES Employee benefit services noninterest revenue for 2022 of 118.0 million increased 1.3 million, or 1.1 , from the prior year level, due to growth in the customer base and a full year of activity from the FBD acquisition that occurred in 2021, offset by market-related headwinds that limited growth in asset-based revenues on employee benefit trusts. Employee benefit services noninterest expenses for 2022 totaled 77.6 million. This represented an increase from 2021 of 6.9 million, or 9.7 , and was primarily attributable to increases in employee wages and additional occupancy and data processing expenses. Excluding the acquisition-related contingent consideration adjustment, employee benefit services noninterest expenses increased 7.6 million, or 10.8 from 2021. 
 ALL OTHER (WEALTH MANAGEMENT AND INSURANCE SERVICES) Wealth management and insurance services noninterest revenue for 2022 was 73.1 million, an increase of 4.3 million, or 6.2 , from the prior year level. The increase was due to organic growth in the insurance services business and incremental revenues from current year acquisitions, as well as a full year of revenue from acquisitions that occurred in 2021, offset by challenges posed by market valuations that decreased asset-based revenue for wealth management services. Wealth management and insurance services noninterest expenses of 60.8 million increased 7.1 million, or 13.3 , from 2021 primarily due to acquisitions, including increased personnel costs, as well as the continued buildout of resources to support an expanding revenue base and the continued general increase in the level of business activities. 
 Selected Profitability and Other Measures Return on average assets, return on average equity, dividend payout and equity to asset ratios for the years indicated are as follows: Table 2: Selected Ratios 

2022 2021 2020 Return on average assets 1.21 1.28 1.28 Return on average equity 10.85 9.19 8.13 Dividend payout ratio 49.9 48.3 53.7 Average equity to average assets 11.14 13.91 15.71 
 38 

Table of Contents 
 As displayed in Table 2, the 2022 return on average assets ratio decreased seven basis points, while the return on average equity ratio increased 166 basis points as compared to 2021. The decrease in the return on average assets was the result of an increase in average assets, primarily related to strong organic loan growth and the Elmira acquisition coupled with a slight decrease in net income that was impacted by a 23.6 million increase in provision for credit losses. The return on average equity ratio increased in 2022 as average equity decreased due primarily to a decline in the after-tax market value of the Company s available-for-sale investments due to higher market interest rates, while net income, which was impacted by the aforementioned provision for credit losses, decreased slightly. The return on average assets ratio in 2021 was consistent with 2020, while the return on average equity ratio increased 106 basis points as compared to 2020. The stable return on average assets in 2021 was the result of an increase in net income that was impacted by a 23.1 million decrease in provision for credit losses, offset by an increase in average assets, primarily related to continued net inflows of deposits, including those associated with additional stimulus payments and a second round of PPP lending. The return on average equity ratio increased in 2021 as compared to 2020 as net income increased impacted by the aforementioned provision for credit losses, while average equity increased at a lesser rate, primarily related to earnings retention and the full year impact of shares issued in connection with the Steuben acquisition in 2020, partially offset by decreases in the market value of the Company s available-for-sale investments due to higher market interest rates. The return on average assets adjusted to exclude acquisition expenses, acquisition-related provision for credit losses, acquisition-related contingent consideration adjustments, unrealized gain (loss) on equity securities, litigation accrual expenses, gain on debt extinguishment, amortization of intangibles and acquired non-PCD loan accretion adjusted return on average assets ), a non-GAAP measure, decreased three basis points to 1.31 in 2022, as compared to 1.34 in 2021. The return on average equity adjusted to exclude acquisition expenses, acquisition-related provision for credit losses, acquisition-related contingent consideration adjustments, unrealized gain (loss) on equity securities, litigation accrual expenses, gain on debt extinguishment, amortization of intangibles and acquired non-PCD loan accretion adjusted return on average equity ), a non-GAAP measure, increased 214 basis points to 11.74 in 2022, from 9.60 in 2021. See Table 17 beginning on page 65 for Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Measures. The dividend payout ratio for 2022 of 49.9 increased from 48.3 in 2021 driven by a 2.5 increase in dividends declared and a 0.9 decrease in net income. The increase in dividends declared in 2022 was a result of a 2.4 increase in the dividends declared per share and the issuance of shares in connection with the administration of the Company s employee stock plans. The dividend payout ratio for 2021 of 48.3 decreased from 53.7 in 2020 as a 15.2 increase in net income outpaced a 3.5 increase in dividends declared. The increase in dividends declared in 2021 was a result of a 2.4 increase in the dividends declared per share and the issuance of shares in conjunction with the 2020 Steuben merger, as well as the administration of the Company s employee stock plans. The average equity to average assets ratio decreased in 2022 due to a decrease in average equity driven by the aforementioned decline in the after-tax market value of the Company s available-for-sale investments combined with growth in average assets. During 2022, average equity decreased 16.0 while average assets increased 4.9 , due to strong organic loan growth and the Elmira acquisition. In 2021, the average equity to average assets ratio decreased as average assets rose 15.0 due to stimulus-related deposit inflows and average equity grew a lesser 1.8 in comparison to 2020 largely due to a decline in the available-for-sale investment securities after-tax market value adjustment. Net Interest Income Net interest income is the amount by which interest and fees on interest-earning assets (loans, investments and cash equivalents) exceeds the cost of funds, which consists primarily of interest paid to the Company s depositors and interest on borrowings. Net interest margin is the difference between the yield on interest-earning assets and the cost of interest-bearing liabilities as a percentage of interest-earning assets. As disclosed in Table 3, net interest income (with nontaxable income converted to a fully tax-equivalent basis) totaled 424.7 million in 2022, an increase of 46.9 million, or 12.4 , from the prior year. The increase is a result of a 1.16 billion, or 8.6 , increase in average interest-earning assets and a 16 basis point increase in the yield on average interest-earning assets, partially offset by a nine basis point increase in the rate on average interest-bearing liabilities and a 781.2 million, or 8.8 , increase in average interest-bearing liabilities. As reflected in Table 4, the favorable impacts of the increase in average interest-earning assets 34.8 million) and increase in the yield on average interest-earning assets 22.2 million) were partially offset by the unfavorable impacts of the increase in the rate on average interest-bearing liabilities 8.9 million) and the increase in average interest-bearing liabilities 1.2 million). 
 39 

Table of Contents 
 The 2022 net interest margin increased 10 basis points to 2.92 from 2.82 reported in 2021. The increase was attributable to a 16 basis point increase in the interest-earning asset yield partially offset by a nine basis point increase in the cost of interest-bearing liabilities primarily due to the impact of higher market rates during 2022, including a 425 basis point increase in the Federal Funds rate during the year as a result of the Federal Reserve Bank s efforts to lower elevated inflation. The 4.17 yield on loans in 2022 decreased five basis points as compared to 4.22 in 2021 due in part to lower PPP-related interest income, partially offset by the impact of higher market rates, including the prime rate, on new loans and variable and adjustable rate loans driven by the impact that the aforementioned Federal Funds rate hikes had on market interest rates during 2022. PPP-related interest income in 2022 decreased 15.4 million as compared to the prior year as the 2022 loan yield included the impact of 3.3 million in PPP-related interest income, including the recognition of 3.0 million of deferred loan fees, as compared to 18.7 million in PPP-related interest income, including the recognition of 15.8 million of deferred loan fees in 2021. The yield on investments, including cash equivalents, of 1.72 in 2022 was 37 basis points higher than 2021 due to a change in market rates and the proportion of investments and interest-earning cash equivalents. The cost of interest-bearing liabilities was 0.24 during 2022 as compared to 0.15 for 2021. The increased cost reflects the two basis point increase in the rate paid on average deposits and the 113 basis point higher average rate paid on borrowings in 2022. The 2021 net interest margin decreased 46 basis points to 2.82 from 3.28 reported in 2020. The decrease was attributable to a 54 basis point decrease in the interest-earning asset yield partially offset by a 12 basis point decrease in the cost of interest-bearing liabilities primarily due to the impact of lower market rates during 2021 that were impacted by the economic impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic. The 4.22 yield on loans in 2021 decreased 12 basis points from 4.34 in 2020 primarily due to the impact of lower market rates during 2021 resulting from the aforementioned economic impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic and a 1.5 million decrease in acquired loan accretion. Included in the 2021 loan yield was the impact of 18.7 million in PPP-related interest income, including the recognition of 15.8 million of deferred loan fees as compared to 9.5 million in PPP-related interest income, including the recognition of 6.0 million of deferred loan fees in 2020. The yield on investments, including cash equivalents, of 1.35 in 2021 was 55 basis points lower than 2020. The cost of interest-bearing liabilities was 0.15 during 2021 as compared to 0.27 for 2020. The decreased cost reflects the seven basis point decrease in the average rate paid on deposits and the 79 basis point lower average rate paid on borrowings in 2021 as compared to 2020. As shown in Table 3, total FTE-basis interest income increased by 57.0 million, or 14.6 , in 2022 in comparison to 2021. Table 4 indicates that a higher average interest-earning asset balance created 34.8 million of incremental interest income while the higher yield on earning assets had a favorable impact of 22.2 million on interest income. Average loans increased 726.0 million, or 9.9 , in 2022. This increase was driven by increases in the average balance of all portfolios including the consumer mortgage, consumer indirect, business lending, home equity and consumer direct portfolios due to both strong organic growth and the Elmira acquisition. FTE-basis loan interest income and fees increased 26.7 million, or 8.6 , in 2022 as compared to 2021, attributable to the aforementioned higher average loan balances and the impact of higher market rates, including the prime rate, on new loans and variable and adjustable rate loans driven by the aforementioned Federal Funds rate hikes during 2022. Partially offsetting the increase was a five basis point decrease in the loan yield primarily due to the impact of a 15.4 million decrease in PPP-related interest income. Investment and interest-earning cash interest income (FTE basis) in 2022 was 30.3 million, or 37.1 , higher than the prior year as a result of a 37 basis point increase in the average investment yield and a 1.98 billion increase in the average book basis balance of investments, partially offset by a 1.55 billion decrease in average cash equivalents. The higher average investment yield was reflective of the Company s investment of over 1.3 billion of cash equivalents that were earning a low yield into higher yielding investment securities during the second half of 2021 and first half of 2022 and an increase in market rates between the periods. Total FTE-basis interest income decreased by 2.4 million, or 0.6 , in 2021 in comparison to 2020. Table 4 indicates that a higher average interest-earning asset balance created 64.6 million of incremental interest income while the lower yield on earning assets had an unfavorable impact of 67.0 million on interest income. Average loans increased 51.2 million, or 0.7 , in 2021. This increase was driven by increases in the average balance of the consumer indirect, business lending and consumer mortgage portfolios, partially offset by decreases in the average balance of the consumer direct and home equity portfolios. FTE-basis loan interest income and fees decreased 6.6 million, or 2.1 , in 2021 as compared to 2020, attributable to a 12 basis point decrease in the loan yield primarily due to the impact of lower market rates during 2021, partially offset by the higher average loan balances and a 9.2 million increase in PPP-related interest income. Investment interest income (FTE basis) in 2021 was 4.2 million, or 5.4 , higher than 2020 as a result of a 1.98 billion increase in the average book basis balance of investments, including a 1.08 billion increase in average cash equivalents, partially offset by a 55 basis point decrease in average investment yield. The lower average investment yield in 2021 as compared to 2020 was reflective of funding inflows from deposit growth and cash flows from higher rate maturing instruments in the investment portfolio being reinvested at lower market interest rates or being held in low-rate interest-earning cash. 
 40 

Table of Contents 
 Total interest expense increased by 10.1 million, or 77.6 , to 23.1 million in 2022 from 13.0 million in 2021. As shown in Table 4, higher interest rates on interest-bearing liabilities resulted in an increase in interest expense of 8.9 million, while higher deposit and borrowing balances resulted in a 1.2 million increase in interest expense. Interest expense as a percentage of average earning assets for 2022 increased six basis points to 0.16 from 0.10 in the prior year. The rate on interest-bearing deposits of 0.16 was two basis points higher than 2021, primarily due to an increase in certain product rates in response to changes in market interest rates during the year. The rate on borrowings increased 113 basis points to 1.61 in 2022, primarily due to the increase in the proportion of variable rate overnight borrowings that carry a higher average rate than repurchase agreements and FHLB borrowings. Total average funding balances (deposits and borrowings) in 2022 increased 1.14 billion, or 9.0 . Average deposits increased 927.9 million, driven by a full-year impact of large net inflows of funds from government stimulus and PPP programs throughout 2021, as well as the addition of deposits in conjunction with the Elmira acquisition in the second quarter of 2022. Average non-time deposit balances increased 956.3 million and accounted for 93.0 of total average deposits compared to 92.2 in 2021, due largely to the aforementioned net inflows of funds from government stimulus programs in 2021 that were primarily being held in non-time accounts in the low interest rate environment in 2021 and early 2022, and the impact of the deposits assumed from the Elmira acquisition. Average time deposits decreased 28.4 million year-over-year and represented 7.0 of total average deposits for 2022 compared to 7.8 in 2021. Average external borrowings increased 210.8 million, or 73.1 , in 2022 as compared to 2021, due to increases in average overnight borrowings of 175.1 million, average customer repurchase agreements of 42.2 million and average FHLB borrowings of 9.0 million, partially offset by a decrease in average subordinated debt held by unconsolidated subsidiary trusts of 15.5 million. The increase in average overnight borrowings was due to the Company entering an overnight borrowing position during the year to support the funding of strong loan growth, while the increase in average FHLB borrowings was driven by borrowings assumed from the Elmira acquisition. The decrease in average subordinated debt held by unconsolidated subsidiary trusts was due to the redemption of 77.3 million of trust preferred subordinated debt in the first quarter of 2021. Total interest expense decreased by 7.9 million, or 37.7 , to 13.0 million in 2021 from 20.9 million in 2020. As shown in Table 4, lower interest rates on interest-bearing liabilities resulted in a decrease in interest expense of 10.8 million, while higher deposit balances resulted in a 2.9 million increase in interest expense. Interest expense as a percentage of average earning assets for 2021 decreased eight basis points to 0.10 . The rate on interest-bearing deposits of 0.14 was nine basis points lower than 2020, primarily due to a decrease in certain product rates in response to changes in market interest rates during the year. The rate on borrowings decreased 79 basis points to 0.48 in 2021, primarily due to the decrease in the proportion of subordinated debt held by unconsolidated subsidiary trusts resulting from the redemption of 77.3 million of trust preferred subordinated debt carrying a floating rate of 3-month LIBOR plus 1.65 in the first quarter of 2021. Total average funding balances (deposits and borrowings) in 2021 increased 1.93 billion, or 18.1 . Average deposits increased 1.97 billion, driven by large net inflows of funds from government stimulus and PPP programs. Average non-time deposit balances increased 1.95 billion and accounted for 92.2 of total average deposits compared to 90.9 in 2020, due largely to the aforementioned net inflows of funds from government stimulus programs primarily being held in non-time accounts in the low interest rate environment during 2021. Average time deposits increased 21.6 million year-over-year and represented 7.8 of total average deposits for 2021 compared to 9.1 in 2020. Average external borrowings decreased 35.8 million in 2021 as compared to 2020, due to decreases in average subordinated debt held by unconsolidated subsidiary trusts of 62.4 million, average subordinated notes payable of 9.2 million and average FHLB borrowings of 6.7 million, partially offset by an increase in average customer repurchase agreements of 42.5 million. The decrease in average subordinated debt held by unconsolidated subsidiary trusts was due to the redemption of 77.3 million of trust preferred subordinated debt as discussed previously and the decrease in average subordinated notes payable was due to the redemption of 10.4 million of subordinated notes payable assumed from the Kinderhook Bank Corp. Kinderhook acquisition in the fourth quarter of 2020. 
 41 

Table of Contents 
 The following table sets forth information related to average interest-earning assets and average interest-bearing liabilities and their associated yields and rates for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Interest income and yields are on a fully tax-equivalent basis using a marginal income tax rate of 24.3 in both 2022 and 2021. Average balances are computed by totaling the daily ending balances in a period and dividing by the number of days in that period. Loan interest income and yields include amortization of deferred loan income and costs, loan prepayment and other fees and the accretion of acquired loan marks. Average loan balances include acquired loan purchase discounts and premiums, nonaccrual loans and loans held for sale. Table 3: Average Balance Sheet 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Average Avg. Yield/Rate Average Avg. Yield/Rate (000 s omitted except yields and rates) Balance Interest Paid Balance Interest Paid Interest-earning assets: Cash equivalents 360,542 1,495 0.41 1,909,212 2,465 0.13 Taxable investment securities (1) 5,639,310 93,876 1.66 3,761,709 66,143 1.76 Nontaxable investment securities (1) 506,503 16,787 3.31 406,184 13,229 3.26 Loans (net of unearned discount) (2) 8,042,310 335,645 4.17 7,316,278 308,976 4.22 Total interest-earning assets 14,548,665 447,803 3.08 13,393,383 390,813 2.92 Noninterest-earning assets 1,018,474 1,441,642 Total assets 15,567,139 14,835,025 Interest-bearing liabilities: Interest checking, savings and money market deposits 8,194,558 8,030 0.10 7,595,682 3,133 0.04 Time deposits 928,990 7,014 0.76 957,429 8,498 0.89 Customer repurchase agreements 307,528 998 0.32 265,288 841 0.32 Overnight borrowings 175,080 6,518 3.72 0 0 0.00 FHLB borrowings 13,051 386 2.96 4,114 89 2.16 Subordinated notes payable 3,264 153 4.67 3,291 154 4.67 Subordinated debt held by unconsolidated subsidiary trusts 0 0 0.00 15,464 293 1.89 Total interest-bearing liabilities 9,622,471 23,099 0.24 8,841,268 13,008 0.15 Noninterest-bearing liabilities: Noninterest checking deposits 4,106,029 3,748,577 Other liabilities 105,118 181,075 Shareholders equity 1,733,521 2,064,105 Total liabilities and shareholders equity 15,567,139 14,835,025 Net interest earnings 424,704 377,805 Net interest spread 2.84 2.77 Net interest margin on interest-earning assets 2.92 2.82 Fully tax-equivalent adjustment (3) 4,074 3,393 (1) Averages for investment securities are based on amortized cost basis and the yields do not give effect to changes in fair value that is reflected as a component of noninterest-earning assets, shareholders equity and deferred taxes. (2) Includes nonaccrual loans. The impact of interest and fees not recognized on nonaccrual loans was immaterial. (3) The fully-tax equivalent adjustment represents taxes that would have been paid had nontaxable investment securities and loans been taxable. The adjustment attempts to enhance the comparability of the performance of assets that have different tax liabilities. 
 42 

Table of Contents 
 As discussed above and disclosed in Table 4 below, the change in net interest income (FTE basis) may be analyzed by segregating the volume and rate components of the changes in interest income and interest expense for each underlying category. Table 4: Rate/Volume 

2022 Compared to 2021 2021 Compared to 2020 Increase (Decrease) Due to Change in (1) Increase (Decrease) Due to Change in (1) (000 s omitted) Volume Rate Net Change Volume Rate Net Change Interest earned on: Cash equivalents (3,186) 2,216 (970) 1,392 3 1,395 Taxable investment securities 31,426 (3,693) 27,733 18,307 (13,632) 4,675 Nontaxable investment securities 3,321 237 3,558 (1,596) (296) (1,892) Loans (net of unearned discount) 30,338 (3,669) 26,669 2,211 (8,793) (6,582) Total interest-earning assets (2) 34,840 22,150 56,990 64,561 (66,965) (2,404) Interest paid on: Interest checking, savings and money market deposits 265 4,632 4,897 913 (3,312) (2,399) Time deposits (246) (1,238) (1,484) 254 (2,985) (2,731) Customer repurchase agreements 137 20 157 224 (742) (518) Overnight borrowings 6,518 0 6,518 0 0 0 FHLB borrowings 255 42 297 (143) 22 (121) Subordinated notes payable (1) 0 (1) (439) (77) (516) Subordinated debt held by unconsolidated subsidiary trusts (293) 0 (293) (1,248) (334) (1,582) Total interest-bearing liabilities (2) 1,189 8,902 10,091 2,932 (10,799) (7,867) Net interest earnings (2) 33,396 13,503 46,899 61,486 (56,023) 5,463 (1) The change in interest due to both rate and volume has been allocated to volume and rate changes in proportion to the relationship of the absolute dollar amounts of such change in each component. (2) Changes due to volume and rate are computed from the respective changes in average balances and rates of the totals; they are not a summation of the changes of the components. Noninterest Revenues The Company s sources of noninterest revenues are of four primary types: 1) general banking services related to loans, including mortgage banking, deposits and other core customer activities typically provided through the branch network and digital banking channels (performed by CBNA); 2) employee benefit trust, collective investment fund, transfer agency, actuarial, benefit plan administration and recordkeeping services (performed by BPAS and its subsidiaries); 3) wealth management services, comprised of trust services (performed by the trust unit within CBNA), broker-dealer and investment advisory products and services (performed by CISI, OneGroup Wealth Partners, Inc. and The Carta Group, Inc.) and asset management services (performed by Nottingham Advisors, Inc.); and 4) insurance and risk management products and services (performed by OneGroup). Additionally, the Company has other transactions that impact noninterest revenues, including unrealized gains or losses on equity securities and gains or losses on debt extinguishment. 
 43 

Table of Contents 
 Table 5: Noninterest Revenues 

Years Ended December 31, (000 s omitted except ratios) 2022 2021 2020 Employee benefit services 115,408 114,328 101,329 Deposit service charges and fees 33,970 28,721 28,729 Debit interchange and ATM fees 26,578 25,657 23,409 Insurance services 39,810 33,992 32,372 Wealth management services 31,667 33,240 27,879 Mortgage banking 390 1,772 5,301 Other banking revenues 10,946 8,508 8,985 Subtotal 258,769 246,218 228,004 Unrealized (loss) gain on equity securities (44) 17 (6) Gain on debt extinguishment 0 0 421 Total noninterest revenues 258,725 246,235 228,419 Noninterest revenues/total revenues 38.1 39.7 38.3 Noninterest revenues/operating revenues (FTE basis) (1) 38.1 39.7 38.3 (1) For purposes of this ratio noninterest revenues excludes unrealized gain or loss on equity securities and gain on debt extinguishment. Operating revenues, a non-GAAP measure, is defined as net interest income on a fully-tax equivalent basis, plus noninterest revenues, excluding unrealized gain or loss on equity securities, gain on debt extinguishment and acquired non-PCD loan accretion. See Table 17 for Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP measures. As displayed in Table 5, total noninterest revenues, excluding unrealized gains or losses on equity securities, increased 12.6 million, or 5.1 , to 258.8 million in 2022 as compared to 2021. The increase was comprised of increases in insurance services revenues, deposit service charges and fees, other banking revenues, employee benefit services revenues and debit interchange and ATM fees, partially offset by decreases in wealth management services revenues and mortgage banking revenues. Noninterest revenues, excluding unrealized gains or losses on equity securities and gain on debt extinguishment, increased by 18.2 million, or 8.0 , to 246.2 million in 2021 as compared to 2020. The increase was comprised of increases in employee benefit services revenues, wealth management services revenues and insurance services revenues, and debit interchange and ATM fees, partially offset by decreases in mortgage banking revenues, other banking revenues and deposit service charges and fees. Noninterest revenues as a percent of total revenues (defined as net interest income plus noninterest revenues) was 38.1 in 2022, down from 39.7 in 2021. Noninterest revenues as a percent of operating revenues (FTE basis), a non-GAAP measure, were 38.1 in 2022, down from 39.7 in the prior year. The current year decrease was due to a 12.4 increase in adjusted net interest income (FTE basis) driven by significant interest-earning asset growth and a higher net interest margin, while noninterest revenues increased by the 5.1 mentioned above. The increase in this ratio from 38.3 in 2020 to 39.7 in 2021 was driven by the 8.0 increase in noninterest revenues mentioned above, while adjusted net interest income (FTE basis) increased 1.5 , driven by significant earnings asset growth that was mostly offset by a lower net interest margin. A portion of the Company s noninterest revenue is comprised of the wide variety of fees earned from general banking services provided through the branch network, digital banking channels, mortgage banking and other banking services, which totaled 71.9 million in 2022, an increase of 7.2 million, or 11.2 , from the prior year. The increase was driven by increases in deposit service charges and fees, other banking revenues and debit interchange and ATM fees, partially offset by a decrease in mortgage banking revenues. The aforementioned increases were reflective of higher levels of transaction activity driven by continued post-pandemic economic recovery along with incremental revenues resulting from the addition of new deposit relationships from the Elmira acquisition in 2022, while the decrease in mortgage banking revenues was primarily driven by a decline in the fair value of mortgage servicing rights. The Company modified certain deposit service charges and fees during the fourth quarter of 2022 in order to better align with industry trends and to ensure the Company continues to provide customers with affordable and competitive banking options. The Company expects to continue to evaluate its deposit service charges and fees for further modifications during 2023 in order to better serve the Company s customers and help them more effectively manage their finances. 
 44 

Table of Contents 
 Fees from general banking services were 64.7 million in 2021, a decrease of 1.8 million, or 2.7 , from 2020. The decrease was primarily driven by a decrease in mortgage banking revenues as the Company was holding the majority of its new consumer mortgage production in portfolio during 2021 due to a change in its strategy, and declines in deposit service charges and fees and other banking revenues including a reduction in overdraft fees in part due to the higher average deposit balances resulting from government stimulus program inflows. This was partially offset by an increase in debit interchange and ATM fees, reflective of increased transaction activity, including the impact of a full year of activity resulting from the addition of new deposit relationships from the Steuben acquisition in 2020. As disclosed in Table 5, noninterest revenue from financial services (revenues from employee benefit services, wealth management services and insurance services) increased 5.3 million, or 2.9 , in 2022 to 186.9 million. In 2022, financial services revenues accounted for 72 of total noninterest revenues, as compared to 74 in 2021. Employee benefit services generated revenue of 115.4 million in 2022 that reflected growth of 1.1 million, or 0.9 , primarily related to a full year of incremental revenues from the third quarter of 2021 acquisition of FBD as well as increases in employee benefit trust and custodial fees despite the negative impact of market-related headwinds. Employee benefit services generated revenue of 114.3 million in 2021 that reflected growth of 13.0 million, or 12.8 , over 2020 revenues primarily due to increases in employee benefit trust and custodial fees, as well as incremental revenues from the aforementioned FBD acquisition. Wealth management and insurance services revenues increased 4.3 million, or 6.3 , in 2022 due to a 5.8 million increase in insurance services revenues attributable to a full year of incremental revenues from the first quarter of 2022 acquisitions of three insurance agencies, the third quarter of 2021 acquisition of TGA and the second quarter 2021 acquisition of NuVantage, as well as organic expansion, partially offset by a 1.5 million decrease in wealth management services revenues primarily driven by more challenging investment market conditions during 2022. Wealth management and insurance services revenues increased 7.0 million, or 11.6 , in 2021 from the prior year due to a 5.4 million increase in wealth management services revenues primarily driven by increases in investment management and trust services revenues due to the addition of new relationships as well as higher equity market valuations and a 1.6 million increase in insurance services revenues attributable to incremental revenues from the aforementioned 2021 acquisitions of TGA and NuVantage as well as organic expansion. Employee benefit trust assets decreased 12.8 billion to 107.5 billion for the employee benefit services segment in 2022 as compared to 2021 due primarily to the impact of lower financial market valuations at the end of 2022. Assets under management decreased 1.2 billion to 7.3 billion for the wealth management businesses at year end 2022 as compared to one year earlier due to the aforementioned lower financial market valuations. Employee benefit trust assets within the Company s employee benefit services segment increased 13.4 billion to 120.3 billion at the end of 2021 as compared to 2020 due primarily to organic growth in the collective investment trust business and market appreciation. Assets under management within the Company s wealth management services segment increased to 8.5 billion at the end of 2021, up 887.6 million from year-end 2020 due to organic growth and market appreciation. Noninterest Expenses As shown in Table 6, noninterest expenses of 424.3 million in 2022 were 36.1 million, or 9.3 , higher than 2021, reflective of an increase in salaries and employee benefits driven by increases in merit-related employee compensation and staffing increases due to organic growth and recent acquisitions, as well as an increase in data processing and communications expenses associated with the continued investment in new customer interface and operational support technologies and acquisition expenses related to the integration of the Elmira acquisition. Other expenses also increased, driven primarily by additional travel, legal and professional fees and business development and marketing expenses. Noninterest expenses in 2021 increased 11.6 million, or 3.1 , from 2020 to 388.1 million, primarily reflective of an increase in salaries and employee benefits driven by increases in merit and incentive-related employee compensation, higher payroll taxes, including increases in state-related unemployment taxes, higher employee benefit-related expenses, including significant increases in employee medical benefit costs, and staffing increases due to acquisitions. Other factors included an increase in data processing and communications expenses associated with the aforementioned investment in technology, and an increase in other expenses due to the general increase in the level of business activities, including increases in professional fees and travel-related expenses, partially offset by a decrease in acquisition-related expenses and a decrease in litigation accrual expenses. 
 45 

Table of Contents 
 Operating expenses (excluding acquisition expenses, acquisition-related contingent consideration adjustment, litigation accrual and amortization of intangible assets) as a percent of average assets (a non-GAAP measure) for 2022 was 2.60 , an increase of eight basis points from 2.52 in 2021 and 15 basis points lower than 2.75 in 2020. The increase in this ratio for 2022 was due to an 8.3 increase in operating expenses (excluding acquisition expenses, acquisition-related contingent consideration adjustment, litigation accrual and amortization of intangible assets), while average assets grew by 4.9 , primarily due to strong organic loan growth and the Elmira acquisition, which was muted by significant declines in the market value of available-for-sale investment securities due to a major upward movement in market interest rates. The decrease in this ratio for 2021 was due to a 5.3 increase in operating expenses (excluding acquisition expenses, acquisition-related contingent consideration adjustment, litigation accrual and amortization of intangible assets), while average assets grew by 15.0 , primarily due to large net inflows of funds related to government stimulus programs and PPP loan originations. The GAAP efficiency ratio expresses the level of noninterest expenses as a percentage of total revenue (net interest income plus total noninterest revenue). The Company also utilizes the non-GAAP efficiency ratio, which is a performance measurement tool widely used by banks, and is defined by the Company as operating expenses (excluding acquisition expenses, acquisition-related contingent consideration adjustment, litigation accrual and amortization of intangible assets) divided by operating revenue (fully tax-equivalent net interest income plus noninterest revenue, excluding acquired non-PCD loan accretion, unrealized gain (loss) on equity securities and gain on debt extinguishment). Lower ratios correlate to better operating efficiency. The 2022 GAAP efficiency ratio of 62.5 was consistent with the GAAP efficiency ratio for 2021 as noninterest expenses increased in proportion to total revenues. The 2021 GAAP efficiency ratio of 62.5 decreased 0.6 percentage points from the 2020 GAAP efficiency ratio of 63.1 , as the 4.0 increase in total revenues, comprised of a 1.6 increase in net interest income and a 7.8 increase in noninterest revenues, grew at a slightly faster pace than the 3.1 increase in noninterest expenses. The 2022 non-GAAP efficiency ratio of 59.5 was 0.7 percentage points lower than the 2021 non-GAAP efficiency ratio of 60.2 as the 9.5 increase in operating revenues, comprised of a 12.4 increase in adjusted net interest income and a 5.1 increase in adjusted noninterest revenues, grew at a faster pace than the 8.3 increase in operating expenses, as defined above. The 2021 non-GAAP efficiency ratio of 60.2 was 0.6 percentage points higher than the 2020 non-GAAP efficiency ratio of 59.6 as the 5.3 increase in operating expenses, as defined above, grew at a slightly faster pace than the 4.2 increase in operating revenue, comprised of a 1.5 increase in adjusted net interest income and an 8.9 increase in adjusted noninterest revenues. See Table 17 for Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Measures. 
 46 

Table of Contents 
 Table 6: Noninterest Expenses 

Years Ended December 31, (000 s omitted) 2022 2021 2020 Salaries and employee benefits 257,339 241,501 228,384 Occupancy and equipment 42,413 41,240 40,732 Data processing and communications 54,099 51,003 45,755 Amortization of intangible assets 15,214 14,051 14,297 Legal and professional fees 14,018 11,723 11,605 Business development and marketing 13,095 9,319 9,463 Litigation accrual 0 (100) 2,950 Acquisition expenses 5,021 701 4,933 Acquisition-related contingent consideration adjustment (300) 200 0 Other 23,369 18,500 18,415 Total noninterest expenses 424,268 388,138 376,534 Noninterest expenses/average assets 2.73 2.62 2.92 Operating expenses (1) /average assets 2.60 2.52 2.75 Efficiency ratio (GAAP) 62.5 62.5 63.1 Efficiency ratio (non-GAAP) (2) 59.5 60.2 59.6 (1) Operating expenses are total noninterest expenses excluding acquisition expenses, acquisition-related contingent consideration adjustment, litigation accrual and amortization of intangible assets. See Table 17 for Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Measures. (2) Efficiency ratio, a non-GAAP measure, is calculated as operating expenses as defined in footnote (1) above divided by net interest income on a fully tax-equivalent basis excluding acquired non-PCD loan accretion plus noninterest revenues excluding unrealized gain or loss on equity securities and gain on debt extinguishment. See Table 17 for Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Measures. Salaries and employee benefits increased 15.8 million, or 6.6 , in 2022, driven by increases in merit-related employee compensation and a net increase in full-time equivalent employees between the periods, including the impact of staff that was added in conjunction with the Elmira acquisition. Salaries and employee benefits increased 13.1 million, or 5.7 , in 2021 from 2020, driven by increases in merit and incentive-related employee compensation, higher payroll taxes, including increases in state-related unemployment taxes and higher employee benefit-related expenses including significant increases in employee medical benefit costs. Total full-time equivalent staff at the end of 2022 was 2,803 compared to 2,743 at December 31, 2021 and 2,829 at the end of 2020. Total non-personnel, noninterest expenses, excluding acquisition-related expenses, increased 16.4 million, or 11.2 , in 2022, reflective of increases across all categories of expenses. The increase in data processing and communications expenses was primarily due to the aforementioned investment in technology. Occupancy and equipment increased due to the Elmira acquisition and inflationary pressures, partially offset by the effects of branch consolidations undertaken in 2021 and 2022. Legal and professional fees, business development and marketing and other expenses, including travel and entertainment, were up during 2022 as compared to 2021 as the general level of business activities continued to increase following the lifting of pandemic-related restrictions. Total non-personnel, noninterest expenses, excluding acquisition and litigation accrual expenses, increased 5.6 million, or 4.0 , in 2021 from 2020, reflective of the general increase in the level of business activities. Increases in data processing and communications, occupancy and equipment, legal and professional fees, and other expenses were partially offset by decreases in amortization of intangible assets and business development and marketing. The increase in data processing and communications expenses was primarily due to investment in a variety of new front-line and back office systems. Occupancy and equipment increased due to the Steuben acquisition and inflationary pressures, partially offset by the effects of branch consolidations undertaken in 2021. Legal and professional fees and other expenses, including travel and entertainment, were up during 2021 as compared to 2020 as the general amount of business activities increased to levels more consistent with pre-pandemic conditions. 
 47 

Table of Contents 
 Acquisition-related expenses for 2022 totaled 4.7 million, comprised of 5.0 million associated with the Elmira acquisition that was completed during the second quarter and a 0.3 million benefit from acquisition-related contingent consideration associated with the FBD and TGA acquisitions completed in 2021. Acquisition-related expenses for 2021 totaled 0.9 million, including 0.6 million associated with the Elmira acquisition pending at the time, 0.1 million associated with the financial services acquisitions completed in 2021 and a 0.2 million acquisition-related contingent consideration adjustment associated with the FBD acquisition. Income Taxes The Company estimates its income tax expense based on the amount it expects to owe the respective taxing authorities, plus the impact of deferred tax items. Taxes are discussed in more detail in Note I of the Consolidated Financial Statements beginning on page 106. Accrued taxes represent the net estimated amount due or to be received from taxing authorities. In estimating accrued taxes, management assesses the relative merits and risks of the appropriate tax treatment of transactions, taking into account statutory, judicial and regulatory guidance in the context of the Company s tax position. If the final resolution of taxes payable differs from its estimates due to regulatory determination or legislative or judicial actions, adjustments to tax expense may be required. The effective tax rate for 2022 was 21.7 , compared to 21.4 in 2021 and 20.1 in 2020. The increase in the effective rate for 2022, compared to the effective tax rate for 2021, is primarily attributable to lower levels of tax benefits related to stock-based compensation activity. The increase in the effective rate for 2021, compared to the effective tax rate for 2020, is primarily attributable to an increase in certain state income taxes that were enacted between the periods and a decrease in the proportion of tax-exempt revenues in relation to total revenues. Shareholders Equity and Regulatory Capital Shareholders equity ended 2022 at 1.55 billion, down 549.1 million, or 26.1 , from the end of 2021. This decrease reflects a 635.8 million decrease in accumulated other comprehensive income, common stock dividends declared of 93.9 million and common stock repurchased of 16.4 million. These decreases were partially offset by net income of 188.1 million, 7.7 million from stock-based compensation and 1.2 million from the issuance of shares through employee stock plans. The change in accumulated other comprehensive income was comprised of a 620.0 million increase in net unrealized losses in the Company s available-for-sale investment portfolio (including unrealized losses prior to the transfer of a portion of securities from available-for-sale to held-to-maturity) and a negative 15.8 million adjustment in the overfunded status of the Company s employee retirement plans. Excluding accumulated other comprehensive income in both 2022 and 2021, shareholders equity increased by 86.7 million, or 4.0 . Shares outstanding decreased by 0.1 million during the year due to the repurchase of 0.3 million shares during 2022, partially offset by share issuances under employee stock plans and deferred compensation arrangements. Shareholders equity ended 2021 at 2.10 billion, down 3.3 million, or 0.2 , from the end of 2020. This decrease reflects a 112.7 million decrease in accumulated other comprehensive income, common stock dividends declared of 91.6 million and common stock repurchased of 4.8 million. These decreases were partially offset by net income of 189.7 million, 9.8 million from the issuance of shares through employee stock plans and 6.3 million from stock-based compensation. The change in accumulated other comprehensive income was comprised of a 126.1 million increase in net unrealized losses in the Company s available-for-sale investment portfolio, partially offset by a positive 13.4 million adjustment in the overfunded status of the Company s employee retirement plans. Excluding accumulated other comprehensive income in both 2021 and 2020, shareholders equity increased by 109.4 million, or 5.4 . Shares outstanding increased by 0.3 million during the year due to share issuances under employee stock plans and deferred compensation arrangements, partially offset by 0.1 million shares repurchased during 2021. The Company and the Bank are subject to various regulatory capital requirements administered by federal banking agencies. Failure to meet minimum capital requirements can initiate certain mandatory and possibly additional discretionary actions by regulators that, if undertaken, could have a direct material effect on the Company s dividend paying ability and financial statements. Under capital adequacy guidelines and the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action, the Company and the Bank must meet specific capital guidelines that involve quantitative measures of the Company s and the Bank s assets and certain liabilities and off-balance sheet items as calculated under regulatory accounting practices. The Company s and the Bank s capital amounts and classification are also subject to qualitative judgments by the regulators about components, risk weightings and other factors. 
 48 

Table of Contents 
 The Company and the Bank are required to maintain a capital conservation buffer, composed entirely of common equity Tier 1 capital, in addition to minimum risk-based capital ratios. The required capital conservation buffer is 2.5 as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. Therefore, to satisfy both the minimum risk-based capital ratios and the capital conservation buffer as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company and the Bank must maintain: (i) Common equity Tier 1 capital to total risk-weighted assets Common equity tier 1 capital ratio of at least 7.0 , (ii) Tier 1 capital to total risk-weighted assets Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of at least 8.5 , and (iii) Total capital (Tier 1 capital plus Tier 2 capital) to total risk-weighted assets Total risk-based capital ratio of at least 10.5 . In addition, the Company and Bank must maintain a ratio of ending Tier 1 capital to adjusted quarterly average assets Tier 1 leverage ratio of at least 5.0 to be considered well capitalized under the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company and Bank meet all applicable capital adequacy requirements to be considered well capitalized . As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the regulatory capital ratios for the Company and Bank are presented below. Table 7: Regulatory Ratios 

December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Community Bank Community Community Bank Community System, Inc. Bank, N.A. System, Inc. Bank, N.A. Tier 1 leverage ratio 8.79 7.26 9.09 7.26 Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio 15.71 12.86 18.60 14.92 Total risk-based capital ratio 16.40 13.56 19.28 15.62 Common equity Tier 1 capital ratio 15.71 12.86 18.60 14.92 The Company s ratio of ending tier 1 capital to adjusted quarterly average assets (or Tier 1 leverage ratio), a primary measure for which regulators have established a 5 minimum for an institution to be considered well-capitalized, decreased 30 basis points from the prior year to end the year at 8.79 . This was the result of tier 1 capital increasing by 3.8 from the prior year, as the impact of net earnings retention outweighed the intangible assets added from the Elmira acquisition and share repurchases while there was an increase of 7.3 in average adjusted net assets (excludes investment market value adjustment and intangible assets net of related deferred tax liabilities), primarily due to strong organic loan growth and the Elmira acquisition. For additional financial information on the Company s regulatory capital, refer to Note P Regulatory Matters in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. The net shareholders equity-to-assets ratio was 9.80 at the end of 2022 compared to 13.51 at the end of 2021. The tangible equity-to-tangible assets ratio, a non-GAAP and regulatory reporting measure, was 4.64 at the end of 2022 versus 8.69 one year earlier. See Table 17 for Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Measures. The decrease was due to tangible common shareholders equity declining by 45.7 in 2022 primarily due to a 620.0 million decline in the after-tax market value adjustment on the Company s available-for-sale investment securities portfolio due to higher market interest rates, while tangible assets increased 1.7 from the prior year. The Company manages organic and acquired growth in a manner that enables it to continue to maintain and grow its capital base over time and maintain its ability to take advantage of future strategic growth opportunities. Cash dividends declared on common stock in 2022 of 93.9 million represented an increase of 2.5 over the prior year. This growth was a result of a 0.04 increase in dividends per share for the year, partially offset by a slight decrease in outstanding shares as noted above. Dividends per share for 2022 of 1.74 represents a 2.4 increase from 1.70 in 2021, a result of quarterly dividends per share increasing from 0.42 to 0.43, or 2.4 , in the third quarter of 2021 and from 0.43 to 0.44, or 2.3 , in the third quarter of 2022. The 2022 increase in quarterly dividends marked the 30 th consecutive year of dividend increases for the Company. The dividend payout ratio for this year was 49.9 compared to 48.3 in 2021, and 53.7 in 2020. The dividend payout ratio increased during 2022 because dividends declared increased 2.5 while net income decreased 0.9 from 2021. 
 49 

Table of Contents 
 Liquidity Liquidity risk is a measure of the Company s ability to raise cash when needed at a reasonable cost and minimize any loss. The Company maintains appropriate liquidity levels in both normal operating conditions as well as stressed environments. The Company must be capable of meeting all obligations to its customers at any time and, therefore, the active management of its liquidity position remains an important management objective. The Bank has appointed the Asset Liability Committee ALCO to manage liquidity risk using policy guidelines and limits on indicators of potential liquidity risk. The indicators are monitored using a scorecard with three risk level limits. These risk indicators measure core liquidity and funding needs, capital at risk and change in available funding sources. The risk indicators are monitored using such metrics as the core basic surplus ratio, unencumbered securities to average assets, free loan collateral to average assets, loans to deposits, deposits to total funding and borrowings to total funding ratios. Given the uncertain nature of the Company s customers demands, as well as the Company s desire to take advantage of earnings enhancement opportunities, the Company must have adequate sources of on and off-balance sheet funds available that can be utilized when needed. Accordingly, in addition to the liquidity provided by balance sheet cash flows, liquidity must be supplemented with additional sources such as credit lines from correspondent banks and borrowings from the FHLB and the Federal Reserve. Other funding alternatives may also be appropriate from time to time, including wholesale and retail repurchase agreements, large certificates of deposit and the brokered CD market. The primary source of non-deposit funds are FHLB or Federal Reserve overnight advances, of which there were 768.4 million of outstanding borrowings at December 31, 2022. The Company s primary sources of liquidity are its liquid assets, as well as unencumbered loans and securities that can be used to collateralize additional funding. At December 31, 2022, the Bank had 209.9 million of cash and cash equivalents of which 18.4 million are interest-earning deposits held at the Federal Reserve, FHLB and other correspondent banks. The Company also had 1.08 billion in unused FHLB borrowing capacity based on the Company s quarter-end loan collateral levels and had 490.5 million of funding availability at the Federal Reserve s discount window. Additionally, the Company has 2.90 billion of unencumbered securities that could be pledged at the FHLB or Federal Reserve to obtain additional funding. There was 25.0 million available in unsecured lines of credit with other correspondent banks at quarter end. On February 1, 2023, the Company announced the completion of the sale of 786.1 million of its lower-yielding available-for-sale debt securities for an estimated after-tax realized loss of approximately 39.6 million. Proceeds from the sale of 733.8 million were redeployed towards paying off existing wholesale borrowings with a spread differential of approximately 320 basis points higher than the securities that were sold. The Company estimates that the loss will be recouped within approximately 2 years, accelerating the previously discussed repositioning of the balance sheet of the Company into higher yielding assets. This transaction, along with the 600 million of investment portfolio cash flows expected to be collected in 2023, brings the total cash flow of investment securities to over 1.3 billion for full year 2023. When factoring in these planned sales of treasury bonds, the Company s unused borrowing capacity at the FHLB (based on all other 12/31/2022 data) would be approximately 1.81 billion. The adjusted unencumbered securities that could be pledged at the FHLB or Federal Reserve to obtain additional funding would be roughly 2.2 billion. The Company s primary approach to measuring short-term liquidity is known as the Basic Surplus/Deficit model. It is used to calculate liquidity over two time periods: first, the amount of cash that could be made available within 30 days (calculated as liquid assets less short-term liabilities as a percentage of average assets); and second, a projection of subsequent cash availability over an additional 60 days. As of December 31, 2022, this ratio was 17.0 for 30-days and 17.2 for 90-days, excluding the Company s capacity to borrow additional funds from the FHLB and other sources. This is considered to be a sufficient amount of liquidity based on the Company s internal policy requirement of 7.5 . A sources and uses statement is used by the Company to measure intermediate liquidity risk over the next twelve months. As of December 31, 2022, there is more than enough liquidity available during the next year to cover projected cash outflows. In addition, stress tests on the cash flows are performed in various scenarios ranging from high probability events with a low impact on the liquidity position to low probability events with a high impact on the liquidity position. The results of the stress tests as of December 31, 2022 indicate the Company has sufficient sources of funds for the next year in all simulated stressed scenarios. To measure longer-term liquidity, a baseline projection of loan and deposit growth for five years is made to reflect how liquidity levels could change over time. This five-year measure reflects ample liquidity for loan and other asset growth over the next five years. 
 50 

Table of Contents 
 The possibility of a funding crisis exists at all financial institutions. A funding crisis would most likely result from a shock to the financial system which disrupts orderly short-term funding operations or from a significant tightening of monetary policy that limits the national money supply. Accordingly, management has addressed this issue by formulating a Liquidity Contingency Plan, which has been reviewed and approved by both the Company s Board of Directors (the Board and the Company s ALCO. The plan addresses the actions that the Company would take in response to both a short-term and long-term funding crisis. Management believes that both potential circumstances have been fully addressed through the establishment of trigger points for monitoring such events and detailed action plans that would be initiated if those trigger points are reached. Intangible Assets The changes in intangible assets by reporting segment for the year ended December 31, 2022 are summarized as follows: Table 8: Intangible Assets 

Balance at Additions / Balance at (000 s omitted) December 31, 2021 Adjustments Amortization Impairment December 31, 2022 Banking Segment Goodwill 689,868 42,220 0 0 732,088 Core deposit intangibles 9,087 7,970 4,753 0 12,304 Total Banking Segment 698,955 50,190 4,753 0 744,392 Employee Benefit Services Segment Goodwill 85,321 63 0 0 85,384 Other intangibles 40,018 0 6,608 0 33,410 Total Employee Benefit Services Segment 125,339 63 6,608 0 118,794 All Other Segment Goodwill 23,920 449 0 0 24,369 Other intangibles 16,121 3,014 3,853 0 15,282 Total All Other Segment 40,041 3,463 3,853 0 39,651 Total 864,335 53,716 15,214 0 902,837 Intangible assets at the end of 2022 totaled 902.8 million, an increase of 38.5 million from the prior year due to the addition of 42.7 million of goodwill and 11.0 million of other intangibles arising from acquisition activity, partially offset by 15.2 million of amortization during the year. The additional goodwill and other intangibles recorded in 2022 resulted from the OneGroup insurance agency acquisitions and the Elmira acquisition that were completed in 2022. Goodwill represents the excess cost of an acquisition over the fair value of the net assets acquired. Goodwill at December 31, 2022 totaled 841.8 million, comprised of 732.1 million related to banking acquisitions and 109.7 million arising from the acquisition of financial services businesses. Goodwill is subject to periodic impairment analysis to determine whether the carrying value of the identified businesses exceeds their fair value, which would necessitate a write-down of goodwill. The Company completed its goodwill impairment analyses as of December 31, 2022 and no adjustments were necessary for the banking or financial services businesses. The Company performed a qualitative assessment for evaluating impairment of goodwill and other intangibles for 2022, including assessments of macroeconomic conditions, industry and market considerations, cost factors, overall financial performance, other relevant entity-specific events and changes in share price. The Company also analyzed the previous quantitative goodwill impairment analyses performed as of December 31, 2021 as part of the 2022 qualitative analysis. The impairment analyses were based upon discounted cash flow modeling techniques that require management to make estimates regarding the amount and timing of expected future cash flows. It also requires the selection of discount rates that reflect the current return characteristics of the market in relation to present risk-free interest rates, estimated equity market premiums and company-specific performance and risk indicators. The Company determined that the inputs, assumptions and conclusions reached remained appropriate for the purpose of the current year qualitative analysis, and as no impairment was noted during the qualitative analyses, a quantitative analysis for 2022 was not necessary. During 2022, the Company also performed a quarterly analysis to determine if triggering events occurred that would necessitate an interim qualitative assessment of goodwill or other intangible impairment. No triggering events or impairment was noted during these interim analyses. Management believes that there is a low probability of future impairment with regard to the goodwill associated with its whole-bank, branch and financial services business acquisitions. 
 51 

Table of Contents 
 Core deposit intangibles represent the value of acquired non-time deposits in excess of funding that could have been obtained in the capital markets. Core deposit intangibles are amortized on an accelerated basis over periods ranging from seven to twenty years. The recognition of customer relationship intangibles was determined based on a methodology that calculates the present value of the projected future net income derived from the acquired customer base. These customer relationship intangibles are being amortized on an accelerated basis over periods ranging from eight to twelve years. Loans Gross loans outstanding of 8.81 billion as of December 31, 2022 increased 1.44 billion, or 19.5 , compared to December 31, 2021, driven by increases in all loan categories due to net organic growth and the Elmira acquisition, despite an 83.8 million decrease in PPP loans. Excluding loans acquired in connection with the Elmira acquisition and PPP loans, ending loans increased 1.08 billion, or 14.9 , year-over-year. The loan-to-deposit ratio was 67.7 as of December 31, 2022 compared to 57.1 at December 31, 2021. Gross loans outstanding of 7.37 billion as of December 31, 2021 decreased 42.3 million, or 0.6 , compared to December 31, 2020, reflecting decreases in business lending due primarily to forgiveness of PPP loans, and a decline in the home equity portfolio, partially offset by increases in the consumer indirect, consumer mortgage, and consumer direct portfolios. Excluding PPP loans, gross loans outstanding at the end of 2021 increased 334.5 million, or 4.8 , compared to December 31, 2020. The non-PPP loan growth in the loan portfolio during 2021 was primarily attributable to the organic origination of consumer mortgages and consumer indirect loans. The compounded annual growth rate CAGR for the Company s total loan portfolio between 2017 and 2022 was 7.1 . The greatest overall expansion occurred in consumer indirect, which grew at an 8.8 CAGR driven primarily by organic growth in the five-year period. Business lending grew at an 8.5 CAGR, driven by both organic growth and acquisitions. The consumer mortgage portfolio grew at a compounded annual growth rate of 6.3 from 2017 to 2022. The home equity segment grew at a CAGR of 0.6 from 2017 to 2022 and the consumer direct segment declined at a CAGR of 0.3 from 2017 to 2022. The weighting of the components of the Company s loan portfolio enables it to be highly diversified. Approximately 59 of loans outstanding at the end of 2022 were made to consumers borrowing on an installment, line of credit or residential mortgage loan basis. The business lending portfolio is also broadly diversified by industry type as demonstrated by the following distributions at year-end 2022: real estate developers (50 ), restaurant lodging (10 ), general services (8 ), retail trade (6 ), healthcare (5 ), manufacturing (5 ), construction (3 ), agriculture (3 and motor vehicle and parts dealers (3 ). A variety of other industries with less than a 3 share of the total portfolio comprise the remaining 7 . The combined total of general-purpose business lending to commercial, industrial, non-profit and municipal customers, mortgages on commercial property and vehicle dealer floor plan financing is characterized as the Company s business lending activity. Despite an 83.8 million decrease in PPP loans from forgiveness by the SBA, the business lending portfolio increased 569.8 million, or 18.5 , in 2022 due to net organic loan growth and the Elmira acquisition. The business lending portfolio decreased 364.2 million, or 10.6 , in 2021 primarily due to the forgiveness of PPP loans. Excluding PPP loans, the business lending portfolio increased 12.7 million, or 0.4 , between December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2021. Competitive conditions for business lending continue to prevail in both the digital marketplace and geographic regions in which the Company operates. The Company strives to generate growth in its business portfolio in a manner that adheres to its goals of maintaining strong asset quality and producing profitable margins. The Company continues to invest in additional personnel, technology and business development resources to further strengthen its capabilities in this important product category. The consumer mortgage portfolio includes no exposure to high-risk mortgage products and is comprised of fixed (96 and adjustable rate (4 residential lending. Consumer mortgages increased 456.4 million, or 17.9 , between the end of 2021 and 2022, driven by organic growth and 271.4 million of loans acquired from Elmira, and includes the impact of selling 5.3 million of consumer mortgage production in the secondary market. In addition to the Elmira acquisition, the Company experienced net organic growth in the consumer mortgage segment due to refinancing activities in late 2021 and early 2022, combined with the Company s competitive product offerings and business development efforts and comparatively stable housing market conditions in the Company s primary markets. 
 52 

Table of Contents 
 Consumer mortgages increased 154.6 million, or 6.4 , between the end of 2020 and 2021, driven by low market rates and strong housing demand at the time, and includes the impact of selling 20.1 million of consumer mortgage production in the secondary market. Interest rate levels, secondary market premiums, expected duration and ALCO strategies continue to be the most significant factors in determining whether the Company chooses to retain, versus sell and service, portions of its new consumer mortgage production. The Company held almost all of its new consumer mortgage production in portfolio during 2021. Home equity loans increased 35.9 million, or 9.0 , during 2022, including 18.4 million of loans acquired from Elmira, while home equity loans decreased 1.8 million, or 0.4 , during 2021. Consumer installment loans, both those originated directly in the branches (referred to as consumer direct and indirectly in automobile, marine, and recreational vehicle dealerships (referred to as consumer indirect ), increased 373.7 million, or 27.8 , from one year ago, including a 349.9 million, or 29.4 , increase in consumer indirect loans and 23.8 million, or 15.5 , increase in consumer direct loans. The increase was due to the Company offering compelling pricing, benefitting from reduced participation by certain competitors and capturing an increased share of the solid sales volumes that existed in its market area and dealer network, which, combined with higher vehicle sales prices, resulted in significant growth in the Company s consumer indirect portfolio, despite a national vehicle shortage. During 2021, consumer installment loans increased 169.0 million, or 14.4 , due in large part to increased demand driven by low market rates at that time, competitive pricing offered by the Company and higher levels of consumer disposable income. Although the consumer indirect loan market is highly competitive, the Company is focused on maintaining a profitable in-market and contiguous market indirect portfolio, while continuing to pursue the expansion of its dealer network. Consumer direct loans provide attractive returns, and the Company is committed to providing competitive market offerings to its customers in this important loan category. Despite the strong competition the Company faces from the financing subsidiaries of vehicle manufacturers and other financial intermediaries, the Company will continue to strive to grow these key portfolios through varying market conditions over the long term. 
 53 

Table of Contents 
 The following table shows the maturities and type of interest rates for loans as of December 31, 2022: Table 9: Maturity Distribution of Loans (1) 

Maturing in Maturing After Maturing After One Year or One but Within Five but Within Maturing After (000 s omitted) Less Five Years Fifteen Years Fifteen Years Total Business lending Fixed interest rates 268,436 631,006 1,003,879 4,927 1,908,248 Floating or adjustable interest rates 448,810 649,539 578,803 60,265 1,737,417 Total 717,246 1,280,545 1,582,682 65,192 3,645,665 Consumer mortgage Fixed interest rates 223,758 788,303 1,284,960 607,644 2,904,665 Floating or adjustable interest rates 8,835 36,123 54,540 8,312 107,810 Total 232,593 824,426 1,339,500 615,956 3,012,475 Consumer indirect Fixed interest rates 343,654 1,048,245 147,690 64 1,539,653 Consumer direct Fixed interest rates 55,121 110,142 11,887 34 177,184 Floating or adjustable interest rates 61 19 341 0 421 Total 55,182 110,161 12,228 34 177,605 Home equity Fixed interest rates 27,315 100,718 124,738 17,206 269,977 Floating or adjustable interest rates 1,765 4,267 25,856 132,131 164,019 Total 29,080 104,985 150,594 149,337 433,996 (1) Scheduled repayments are reported in the maturity category in which the payment is due. Asset Quality The Company places a loan on nonaccrual status when the loan becomes 90 days past due, or sooner if management concludes collection of principal and interest is doubtful, except when, in the opinion of management, it is well-collateralized and in the process of collection. Nonperforming loans, defined as nonaccruing loans and accruing loans 90 days or more past due, ended 2022 at 33.4 million. This represents a decrease of 12.1 million from the 45.5 million in nonperforming loans at the end of 2021. The decrease in nonperforming loans was driven by the upgrade of several large business loans from nonaccrual status to accruing status during the first quarter of 2022 that had previously requested extended loan repayment forbearance due to pandemic-related hardship. The ratio of nonperforming loans to total loans at December 31, 2022 of 0.38 decreased 24 basis points from the prior year s level. The ratio of nonperforming assets (which includes other real estate owned, or OREO , in addition to nonperforming loans) to total loans plus OREO decreased to 0.38 at year-end 2022, down 25 basis points from one year earlier. At December 31, 2022, OREO consisted of seven residential properties with a total value of 0.5 million. This compares to two residential properties with a total value of 0.1 million and one commercial real estate property with a total value of 0.6 million at December 31, 2021. 
 54 

Table of Contents 
 Approximately 78 of the nonperforming loans at December 31, 2022 are related to the consumer mortgage portfolio. Collateral values of residential properties within most of the Company s market areas have generally increased steadily over the past several years. Approximately 14 of nonperforming loans at December 31, 2022 are related to the business lending portfolio, which is comprised of business loans broadly diversified by collateral and industry type. The level of nonperforming business loans decreased from the prior year due primarily to the upgrade of several large business loans from nonaccrual status to accruing status during the first quarter of 2022, as described previously. The remaining 8 of nonperforming loans relate to consumer installment and home equity loans, with home equity nonperforming loan levels being driven by the same factors identified for consumer mortgages. Nonperforming loan levels in the consumer installment category are typically very low in comparison to the other portfolios because they are usually charged off before they reach non-performing status, and consequently the increase in the amount of non-performing consumer installment loans at the end of 2022 as compared to one year earlier was nominal. The allowance for credit losses to nonperforming loans ratio, a general measure of coverage adequacy, was 183 at the end of 2022 compared to 110 at year-end 2021 and 79 at December 31, 2020. The increase in this ratio from one year ago was primarily driven by the decrease in nonperforming business loans as mentioned previously. The Company s senior management, special asset officers and lenders review all delinquent and nonaccrual loans and OREO regularly in order to identify deteriorating situations, monitor known problem credits and discuss any needed changes to collection efforts, if warranted. Based on this analysis, a relationship may be assigned a special assets officer or other senior lending officer to review the loan, meet with the borrowers, assess the collateral and recommend an action plan. This plan could include foreclosure, restructuring loans, issuing demand letters or other actions. The Company s larger criticized credits are also reviewed on a quarterly basis by senior credit administration management, special assets officers and business lending management to monitor their status and discuss relationship management plans. Business lending management reviews the criticized business loan portfolio on a monthly basis. Total delinquencies, defined as loans 30 days or more past due or in nonaccrual status, ended 2022 at 0.89 of total loans outstanding, compared to 1.00 at the end of 2021. While there were increases in the delinquent loan levels for the consumer mortgage, consumer installment, and home equity portfolios as compared to one year ago, the overall decrease was driven by business lending and the aforementioned upgrade of several large business loans from nonaccrual status to accruing status during the first quarter of 2022 as well as an overall stable business environment in the Company s market areas. As of year-end 2022, delinquency ratios for business lending, consumer installment loans, consumer mortgages and home equity loans were 0.40 , 1.07 , 1.32 , and 1.35 , respectively. These ratios compare to the year-end 2021 delinquency rates for business lending, consumer installment loans, consumer mortgages and home equity loans of 0.97 , 0.78 , 1.12 , and 1.15 , respectively. Delinquency levels, particularly in the 30 to 89 days category, tend to be somewhat volatile due to their seasonal characteristics and measurement at a point in time, and therefore management believes that it is useful to evaluate this ratio over a longer time period. The average quarter-end delinquency ratio for total loans in 2022 was 0.80 , as compared to an average of 1.20 in 2021, and 1.03 in 2020, reflective of the upgrade of business loans and stable business environment previously discussed. Loans are considered modified in a troubled debt restructuring TDR when, due to a borrower s financial difficulties, the Company makes one or more concessions to the borrower that it would not otherwise consider. These modifications primarily include, among others, an extension of the term of the loan or granting a period with reduced or no principal and/or interest payments, which can be recaptured through payments made over the remaining term of the loan or at maturity. Historically, the Company has created very few TDRs. Regulatory guidance by the OCC requires certain loans that have been discharged in Chapter 7 bankruptcy to be reported as TDRs. In accordance with this guidance, loans that have been discharged in Chapter 7 bankruptcy but not reaffirmed by the borrower are classified as TDRs, irrespective of payment history or delinquency status, even if the repayment terms for the loan have not been otherwise modified and the Company s lien position against the underlying collateral remains unchanged. Pursuant to that guidance, the Company records a charge-off equal to any portion of the carrying value that exceeds the assessed net realizable value of the collateral. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 62 loans totaling 2.5 million considered to be nonaccruing TDRs and 132 loans totaling 3.2 million considered to be accruing TDRs. This compares to 81 loans totaling 3.9 million considered to be nonaccruing TDRs and 151 loans totaling 4.3 million considered to be accruing TDRs at December 31, 2021. 
 55 

Table of Contents 
 Allowance for credit losses and loan net charge-off ratios for the past two years are as follows: Table 10: Loan Ratios 

Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Allowance for credit losses/total loans 0.69 0.68 Allowance for credit losses/nonperforming loans 183 110 Nonaccrual loans/total loans 0.33 0.57 Allowance for credit losses/nonaccrual loans 209 120 Net charge-offs to average loans outstanding: Business lending (0.02) 0.03 Consumer mortgage 0.01 0.01 Consumer indirect 0.25 0.07 Consumer direct 0.26 0.27 Home equity (0.02) 0.03 Total loans 0.04 0.04 Total net charge-offs in 2022 were 3.3 million, 0.5 million more than the prior year due to an increase in charge-offs in the consumer installment portfolio, partially offset by decreases in charge-offs in business lending, consumer mortgage, and home equity. Net charge-offs in 2021 of 2.8 million were 2.1 million less than 2020 due to a decrease in net charge-offs in all of the Company s consumer portfolios, partially offset by an increase in net charge-offs in the business lending portfolio. Due to the significant increases in average loan balances over time as a result of acquisitions and organic growth, management believes that net charge-offs as a percent of average loans net charge-off ratio offers the most meaningful representation of charge-off trends. The total net charge-off ratio of 0.04 for 2022 was consistent with the ratio from 2021 and three basis points lower than the ratio of 0.07 from 2020. Gross charge-offs as a percentage of average loans were 0.13 in 2022, as compared to 0.12 in 2021, and 0.15 in 2020, evidence of management s continued focus on maintaining conservative underwriting standards. Recoveries were 7.1 million in 2022, representing 73 of average gross charge-offs for the latest two years, compared to 62 in 2021 and 47 in 2020, reflective of relatively strong price levels for real estate and automobiles in 2022 and the continued effectiveness of the Company s repossession and disposition capabilities. Business loan net charge-offs decreased in 2022, totaling 0.5 million of net recovery, for a net recovery ratio of 0.02 of average business loans outstanding, compared to net charge-offs of 1.1 million, or 0.03 of the average outstanding balance in 2021. Consumer installment loan net charge-offs increased to 3.7 million this year from 1.3 million in 2021, with a net charge-off ratio of 0.25 in 2022 and 0.10 in 2021. Consumer mortgage net charge-offs were consistent at 0.3 million in 2022 and 2021 with a net charge-off ratio of 0.01 in both years. Home equity had net recoveries of 0.1 million, or 0.02 , in 2022 compared to net charge-offs of 0.1 million, or 0.03 , in 2021. Management continually evaluates the credit quality of the Company s loan portfolio and conducts a formal review of the adequacy of the allowance for credit losses on a quarterly basis. The primary components of the review process that are used to determine proper allowance levels are collectively evaluated and individually assessed loan loss allocations. Measurement of individually assessed loan loss allocations is typically based on expected future cash flows, collateral values and other factors that may impact the borrower s ability to repay. Business loans with outstanding balances that are greater than 0.5 million are individually assessed for specific loan loss allocations. Consumer mortgages, consumer installment and home equity loans are considered smaller balance homogeneous loans and are evaluated collectively. The Company considers a loan to be individually assessed when, based on current information and events, it is probable that the Company will be unable to collect all principal and interest according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement or the loan is delinquent 90 days or more. 
 56 

Table of Contents 
 Management estimates the allowance for credit losses balance using relevant available information from internal and external sources relating to past events, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts. Historical credit loss experience provides the basis for the estimation of expected future credit losses. Adjustments are made for differences in current loan-specific risk characteristics such as differences in underwriting standards, portfolio mix, acquired loans, delinquency level, risk ratings or term of loans as well as actual and forecasted macroeconomic trends, such as unemployment rates and changes in property values such as home prices, commercial real estate prices and automobile prices, gross domestic product, median household income net of inflation and other relevant factors in comparison to longer-term. Multiple economic scenarios are utilized to encompass a range of economic outcomes, including baseline, upside and downside forecasts, which are weighted in the calculation. The segments of the Company s loan portfolio are disaggregated into classes that allow management to monitor risk and performance. The allowance for credit losses is measured on a collective (pool) basis when similar risk characteristics exist, including collateral type, credit ratings/scores, size, duration, interest rate structure, industry, geography, origination vintage and payment structure. In addition to these risk characteristics, the Company considers the portion of acquired loans to the overall segment balance, the change in the volume and terms of originations, differences between the losses incurred in the period used for quantitative modeling and a longer timeframe that includes the previous recession, as well as recent delinquency, charge-off and risk rating trends compared to historical time periods. The Company measures the allowance for credit losses using either the cumulative loss rate method, the line loss method, or the vintage loss rate method, dependent on the loan portfolios characteristics. The allowance for credit losses level computed from the collectively evaluated and individually assessed loan loss allocation methods are combined with unallocated allowances, if any, to derive the required allowance for credit losses to be reflected on the consolidated statements of condition. The provision for credit losses is calculated by subtracting the previous period allowance for credit losses, net of the interim period net charge-offs, from the current required allowance level. This provision is then recorded in the income statement for that period. Members of senior management and the Audit Committee of the Board Audit Committee review the adequacy of the allowance for credit losses quarterly. Acquired loans are reviewed at their acquisition date to determine whether they have experienced a more-than-insignificant credit deterioration since origination. Loans that meet that definition according to the Company s policy are referred to as purchased credit deteriorated PCD loans. PCD loans are initially recorded at the amount paid. An allowance for credit losses is determined using the same methodology as other loans. The initial allowance for credit losses determined on a collective basis is allocated to individual loans. The sum of the loan s purchase price and allowance for credit losses becomes its initial amortized cost basis. The difference between the initial amortized cost basis and the par value of the loan is a noncredit discount or premium, which is amortized into interest income over the life of the loan. Subsequent changes to the allowance for credit losses are recorded as provision for, or reversal of, credit losses. During 2022, the Company recorded 0.1 million of initial allowance for credit losses on PCD loans from the Elmira acquisition. For acquired loans that are not deemed PCD at acquisition non-PCD ), a fair value adjustment is recorded that includes both credit and interest rate considerations. A provision for credit losses is also recorded at acquisition for the credit considerations on non-PCD loans. Subsequent to the purchase date, the methods utilized to estimate the required allowance for credit losses for these loans are the same as originated loans and subsequent changes to the allowance for credit losses are recorded as provision for, or reversal of, credit losses. During 2022, the Company recorded 3.9 million of initial acquisition-related provision for credit losses related to loans from the Elmira acquisition. As of December 31, 2022, the net purchase discount related to the 1.22 billion of remaining non-PCD acquired loan balances was approximately 24.5 million, or 2.00 of that portfolio. The allowance for credit losses increased to 61.1 million at the end of 2022 from 49.9 million as of year-end 2021. During 2022, economic forecasts weakened as high inflation and interest rate increases dampened economic activity. While unemployment remains low, the market has experienced a decline in housing and automobile prices. Inflation has put pressure on wages and reduced disposable income for consumers nationally. The Company recorded a provision for credit losses of 14.8 million during 2022 with 3.9 million attributable to the Elmira acquisition. The increase was a result of organic loan growth and the Elmira acquisition, combined with the weaker economic forecast. 
 57 

Table of Contents 
 During the first three quarters of 2021, economic forecasts improved significantly due to the state of the post-vaccine economic recovery, which, in combination with elevated real estate and vehicle collateral values, significant declines in pandemic-related payment deferrals and improvements in the loan portfolio s asset quality profile, drove the Company to reduce its allowance for credit losses, resulting in net benefits recorded in the provision for credit losses for that time period. Although economic forecasts remained generally stable during the fourth quarter of 2021, the Company s allowance for credit losses increased 0.4 million, resulting in a 2.2 million provision for credit losses in the fourth quarter of 2021 based in part on a 165.3 million increase in non-PPP loans outstanding during that quarter. The full year 2021 provision for credit losses was a net benefit of 8.8 million. The ratio of the allowance for credit losses to total loans of 0.69 for year-end 2022 increased one basis point from the 0.68 ratio for year-end 2021 due primarily to the strong loan growth in higher allowance ratio portfolios such as indirect lending, as well as the weakening of the economic forecast during 2022, and was down 13 basis points from the 0.82 ratio for year-end 2020, due to an overall improvement in the Company s credit quality profile. Management believes the year-end 2022 allowance for credit losses to be adequate. The provision for credit losses as a percentage of average loans was 0.18 in 2022 as compared to (0.12 in 2021 and 0.20 in 2020. The provision for credit losses was 443 of net charge-offs this year versus (310 in 2021 and 286 in 2020. The ratios in 2021 were impacted by the 8.8 million net benefit recorded in the provision for credit losses during that year. The following table sets forth the allocation of the allowance for credit losses by loan category as of the end of the years indicated, as well as the proportional share of each category s loan balance to total loans. This allocation is based on management s assessment, as of a given point in time, of the risk characteristics of each of the component parts of the total loan portfolio and is subject to changes when the risk factors of each component part change. The allocation is not indicative of either the specific amount of future net charge-offs that will be incurred in each of the loan categories, nor should it be taken as an indicator of future loss trends. The allocation of the allowance to each category does not restrict the use of the allowance to absorb losses in any category. Table 11: Allowance for Credit Losses by Loan Type 

2022 2021 (000 s omitted except for ratios) Allowance Loan Mix Allowance Loan Mix Business lending 23,297 41.4 22,995 41.7 Consumer mortgage 14,343 34.2 10,017 34.7 Consumer indirect 17,852 17.5 11,737 16.1 Consumer direct 2,973 2.0 2,306 2.1 Home equity 1,594 4.9 1,814 5.4 Unallocated 1,000 0.0 1,000 0.0 Total 61,059 100.0 49,869 100.0 As demonstrated in Table 11 above and discussed previously, business lending and consumer installment carry higher credit risk than residential real estate, and as a result these loans carry allowance for credit losses that cover a higher percentage of their total portfolio balances. The unallocated allowance is maintained for potential inherent losses in the specific portfolios that are not captured due to model imprecision. The unallocated allowance of 1.0 million at year-end 2022 was consistent with December 31, 2021. The changes in year-over-year allowance allocations reflect management s continued refinement of its loss estimation techniques. However, given the inherent imprecision in the many estimates used in the determination of the allocated portion of the allowance, management remained conservative in the approaches used to establish the overall allowance for credit losses. Management considers the allocated and unallocated portions of the allowance for credit losses to be prudent and reasonable. Furthermore, the Company s allowance for credit losses is general in nature and is available to absorb losses from any loan category. 
 58 

Table of Contents 
 Funding Sources The Company utilizes a variety of funding sources to support the interest-earning asset base as well as to achieve targeted growth objectives. Overall funding is comprised of three primary sources that possess a variety of maturity, stability and price characteristics; deposits of individuals, partnerships and corporations (nonpublic deposits), municipal deposits that are collateralized for amounts not covered by FDIC insurance (public funds), and external borrowings. The average daily amount of deposits and the average rate paid on each of the following deposit categories are summarized below for the years indicated: Table 12: Average Deposits 

2022 2021 Average Average Average Average (000 s omitted, except rates) Balance Rate Paid Balance Rate Paid Noninterest checking deposits 4,106,029 0.00 3,748,577 0.00 Interest checking deposits 3,326,723 0.10 3,130,079 0.04 Savings deposits 2,403,719 0.03 2,152,191 0.03 Money market deposits 2,464,116 0.16 2,313,412 0.06 Time deposits 928,990 0.76 957,429 0.89 Total deposits 13,229,577 0.11 12,301,688 0.09 As displayed in Table 12, average total deposits in 2022 increased 927.9 million, or 7.5 , from the prior year comprised of a 956.3 million, or 8.4 , increase in non-time deposits, partially offset by a 28.4 million, or 3.0 , decrease in time deposits. The increase in average deposits was primarily due to a full-year impact of large net inflows of funds from government stimulus and PPP programs in 2021 along with the addition of deposits from the Elmira acquisition during the second quarter of 2022. The Company acquired 522.3 million of deposits in the Elmira acquisition, including 356.5 million of non-time deposits and 165.8 million of time deposits. The cost of deposits, including non-interest checking deposit balances, increased two basis points from 0.09 in 2021 to 0.11 in 2022. Total average deposits for 2021 increased 1.97 billion, or 19.1 , from 2020 comprised of a 1.95 billion, or 20.7 , increase in non-time deposits, and a 21.6 million, or 2.3 , increase in time deposits. The increase in average deposits was primarily due to continued net inflows of deposits, including those associated with additional stimulus payments and a second round of PPP lending, as well as the deposits added via the Steuben acquisition in 2020. The cost of deposits, including non-interest checking deposit balances, decreased seven basis points from 0.16 in 2020 to 0.09 in 2021. Nonpublic, non-time deposits are frequently considered to be an attractive source of funding because they are generally stable, do not need to be collateralized, carry a relatively low rate, generate solid fee income and provide a strong customer base for which a variety of loan, deposit and other financial service-related products can be cross-sold. The Company s funding composition continues to benefit from a high level of nonpublic deposits, which reached an all-time high in 2022 with an average balance of 11.72 billion, an increase of 944.7 million, or 8.8 , over the comparable 2021 period. The Company continues to focus on expanding its core deposit relationship base through its competitive product offerings and high quality customer service. Full-year average public fund deposits decreased 16.8 million, or 1.1 , during 2022 to 1.51 billion. Public fund deposit balances tend to be more volatile than nonpublic deposits because they are heavily impacted by the seasonality of tax collection and fiscal spending patterns, as well as the longer-term financial position of the local government entities, which can change from year to year. The Company is required to collateralize certain local municipal deposits in excess of FDIC coverage with marketable securities from its investment portfolio. Due to this stipulation, as well as the competitive bidding nature of municipal time deposits, management considers this funding source to share some of the same attributes as borrowings. However, the Company has many long-standing relationships with municipal entities throughout its markets and the deposits held by these customers have provided an attractive and relatively stable funding source over an extended period of time. 
 59 

Table of Contents 
 The mix of average deposits was largely consistent with the prior year. Non-time deposits (noninterest checking, interest checking, savings and money markets) represented approximately 93 of the Company s average deposit funding base versus 92 last year, while time deposits represent approximately 7 of total average deposits compared to 8 in 2021. The cost of interest-bearing deposits of 0.16 in 2022 was two basis points higher than the 0.14 cost of interest-bearing deposits in 2021. The total cost of deposit funding, which includes noninterest-bearing deposits, was 0.11 in 2022, a two basis point increase from the prior year. The remaining maturities of deposits in amounts of 250,000 or more (the FDIC insurance limit) outstanding as of December 31 are as follows: Table 13: Maturity of Time Deposits 250,000 or More 

(000 s omitted) 2022 2021 Less than three months 19,786 61,129 Three months to six months 16,294 40,934 Six months to one year 31,222 84,584 Over one year 61,779 50,113 Total 129,081 236,760 The total amount of deposits that exceeded the 250,000 insured limit provided by the FDIC was approximately 4.01 billion and 4.31 billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. This estimate is based on the determination of known deposit account relationships of each depositor and the insurance guidelines provided by the FDIC. Borrowing sources for the Company include the FHLB, Federal Reserve, other correspondent banks, as well as access to the brokered CD and repurchase markets through established relationships with business and municipal customers and primary market security dealers. The Company also had 3.2 million in fixed-rate subordinated notes acquired with the Kinderhook acquisition outstanding at the end of 2022. As shown in Table 14, year-end 2022 borrowings totaled 1.14 billion, an increase of 807.9 million from the 329.9 million outstanding at the end of 2021 primarily due to an increase in overnight borrowings of 768.4 million used primarily to support the funding of strong loan growth, a 21.9 million increase in securities sold under an agreement to repurchase customer repurchase agreements and an increase in other FHLB borrowings of 17.6 million primarily related to the Elmira acquisition during the second quarter of 2022. Borrowings averaged 498.9 million, or 3.6 of total funding sources for 2022, as compared to 288.2 million, or 2.3 of total funding sources for 2021. At the end of 2022, the Company had 1.12 billion, or 98 of contractual obligations, that had remaining terms of one year or less which was consistent with the end of 2021. As displayed in Table 3 on page 42, the percentage of funding from deposits in 2022 was slightly lower than the level in 2021 primarily due to the increase in average overnight borrowings in 2022 that were needed to support the funding of strong loan growth. The percentage of average funding derived from deposits was 96.4 in 2022 as compared to 97.7 in 2021 and 97.0 in 2020. During 2022, average deposits increased 7.5 , while average borrowings increased 73.1 . The following table summarizes the outstanding balance of borrowings of the Company as of December 31: Table 14: Borrowings 

(000 s omitted) 2022 2021 Overnight borrowings 768,400 0 Securities sold under agreement to repurchase, short term 346,652 324,720 Other Federal Home Loan Bank borrowings 19,474 1,888 Subordinated notes payable (1) 3,249 3,277 Balance at end of period 1,137,775 329,885 (1) Subordinated notes payable for 2022 and 2021 include 3.0 million in principal with the remaining carrying value related to a purchase accounting fair value adjustment. 

 60 

Table of Contents 
 Financial Instruments with Off-Balance Sheet Risk The Company is a party to financial instruments with off-balance-sheet risk in the normal course of business to meet the financing needs of its customers. These financial instruments consist primarily of commitments to extend credit and standby letters of credit. Commitments to extend credit are agreements to lend to customers, generally having fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses that may require payment of a fee. These commitments consist principally of unused commercial and consumer credit lines. Standby letters of credit generally are contingent upon the failure of the customer to perform according to the terms of an underlying contract with a third party. The credit risks associated with commitments to extend credit and standby letters of credit are essentially the same as that involved with extending loans to customers and are subject to the Company s standard credit policies. Collateral may be required based on management s assessment of the customer s creditworthiness. The fair value of the standby letters of credit is considered immaterial for disclosure purposes. Investments The objective of the Company s investment portfolio is to hold low-risk, high-quality earning assets that provide favorable returns and provide another effective tool to actively manage its earning asset/funding liability position in order to maximize future net interest income opportunities. This must be accomplished within the following constraints: (a) implementing certain interest rate risk management strategies which achieve a relatively stable level of net interest income; (b) providing both the regulatory and operational liquidity necessary to conduct day-to-day business activities; (c) considering investment risk-weights as determined by the regulatory risk-based capital guidelines; and (d) generating a favorable return without undue compromise of the other requirements. During the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company reclassified certain U.S. Treasury securities with a book value of 1.42 billion and market value of 1.08 billion from its available-for-sale investment securities portfolio to its held-to-maturity investment securities portfolio. While the reclassification had no economic, earnings, or regulatory capital impact, it enables the Company to more effectively manage overall capital levels if interest rates rise above year-end levels in future periods. The Company evaluated the securities for credit loss and determined that no allowance for credit losses was necessary. The carrying value of the Company s investment portfolio ended 2022 at 5.31 billion, an increase of 335.8 million, or 6.7 , from the end of 2021. The book value (excluding unrealized gains and losses) of the portfolio increased 813.6 million, or 16.2 , from December 31, 2021. The net unrealized loss on the available-for-sale investment portfolio was 523.6 million as of December 31, 2022, an increase of 477.7 million from the 45.9 million unrealized loss at the end of 2021. During 2022, the Company purchased 1.14 billion of U.S. Treasury and agency securities with an average yield of 1.62 , 41.6 million of government agency mortgage-backed securities with an average yield of 3.22 and 182.0 million of obligations of state and political subdivisions with an average yield of 3.94 . Included in the purchases was 11.3 million of available-for-sale securities acquired as part of the Elmira transaction during 2022. These additions were offset by 266.9 million of investment maturities, calls and principal payments and net accretion on investment securities of 20.6 million in 2022. The effective duration of the securities portfolio was 6.3 years at the end of 2022, as compared to 7.5 years at year end 2021. The carrying value of the Company s investment portfolio increased 1.38 billion, or 38.5 , during 2021 to end the year at 4.98 billion. The book value of the portfolio increased 1.55 billion, or 44.6 , from December 31, 2020 to 2021. The net unrealized loss on the portfolio was 44.9 million as of December 31, 2021, 166.0 million higher than the 121.1 million unrealized gain at the end of 2020. During 2021, the Company purchased 1.81 billion of U.S. Treasury and agency securities with an average yield of 1.32 , 109.6 million of government agency mortgage-backed securities with an average yield of 1.78 , 42.3 million of obligations of state and political subdivisions with an average yield of 2.42 and 5.0 million of corporate debt securities with an average yield of 3.25 . These additions were offset by 426.7 million of investment maturities, calls, and principal payments and net accretion on investment securities of 12.2 million in 2021. The effective duration of the securities portfolio was 7.5 years at the end of 2021, as compared to 7.7 years at year end 2020. 
 61 

Table of Contents 
 The investment portfolio has limited credit risk due to the composition continuing to be heavily weighted towards U.S. Treasury debentures, U.S. Agency mortgage-backed pass-throughs (MBS), U.S. Agency collateralized mortgage obligations (CMOs) and municipal bonds. The U.S. Treasury debentures, U.S. Agency mortgage-backed pass-throughs and U.S. Agency CMOs are all rated AAA (highest possible rating) by Moody s and AA+ by Standard and Poor s. The majority of the municipal bonds are rated A or higher. The portfolio does not include any private label MBS or CMOs. The overall mix of securities within the portfolio over the last year has shifted more heavily weighted to U.S. Treasury securities due to additional purchases made in 2022. The net unrealized market value loss on the available-for-sale investment portfolio as of December 31, 2022 was 523.6 million, as compared to a net unrealized loss of 45.9 million one year earlier. This increase is indicative of the rapid increases in market interest rates over the period. The following table sets forth the carrying value for the Company s investment securities portfolio: Table 15: Investment Securities 

(000 s omitted) 2022 2021 Available-for-Sale Portfolio: U.S. Treasury and agency securities 3,243,537 3,998,564 Obligations of state and political subdivisions 504,297 430,289 Government agency mortgage-backed securities 384,633 477,056 Corporate debt securities 7,114 7,962 Government agency collateralized mortgage obligations 12,270 20,339 Total available-for-sale portfolio 4,151,851 4,934,210 Held-To-Maturity Portfolio: U.S. Treasury and agency securities 1,079,695 0 Total held-to-maturity portfolio 1,079,695 0 Equity and other Securities: Equity securities, at fair value 419 463 Federal Home Loan Bank common stock 47,497 7,188 Federal Reserve Bank common stock 31,144 33,916 Other equity securities, at adjusted cost 4,282 3,312 Total equity and other securities 83,342 44,879 Total investments 5,314,888 4,979,089 
 62 

Table of Contents 
 The following table sets forth as of December 31, 2022 the weighted-average yield of investment debt securities by maturity date and investment type: Table 16: Weighted-Average Yield of Investment Debt Securities (1) 

Maturing Maturing After Total Maturing After One Year Five Years But Maturing Amortized Within One But Within Within Ten After Cost/Book Year or Less Five Years Years Ten Years Value Available-for-Sale Portfolio: U.S. Treasury and agency securities 2.49 1.31 1.57 1.89 3,660,546 Obligations of state and political subdivisions 2.41 1.90 2.70 2.88 549,118 Government agency mortgage-backed securities 1.62 2.11 2.07 2.47 444,689 Corporate debt securities 0.00 0.00 4.05 0.00 8,000 Government agency collateralized mortgage obligations 0.00 2.01 1.24 2.44 13,121 Held-to-Maturity Portfolio: U.S. Treasury and agency securities 0.00 0.00 3.44 3.80 1,079,695 (1) Weighted-average yields are an arithmetic computation of income (not fully tax-equivalent adjusted) divided by book balance; they may differ from the yield to maturity, which considers the time value of money. 
 Impact of Inflation and Changing Prices The Company s financial statements have been prepared in terms of historical dollars, without considering changes in the relative purchasing power of money over time due to inflation. Unlike most industrial companies, virtually all of the assets and liabilities of a financial institution are monetary in nature. As a result, interest rates have a more significant impact on a financial institution s performance than the effect of general levels of inflation. Interest rates do not necessarily move in the same direction or in the same magnitude as the prices of goods and services. Notwithstanding this, inflation can directly affect the value of loan collateral, real estate and automobiles in particular. Inflation can also impact the Company s noninterest expense levels to some extent, and by extension the net income it generates and the earnings it retains as capital. New Accounting Pronouncements See New Accounting Pronouncements Section of Note A of the notes to the consolidated financial statements on page 87 for recently issued accounting pronouncements applicable to the Company that have not yet been adopted. 
 63 

Table of Contents 
 Forward-Looking Statements This report contains comments or information that constitute forward-looking statements (within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995), which involve significant risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements often use words such as anticipate, could, target, expect, estimate, intend, plan, goal, forecast, believe, or other words of similar meaning. These statements are based on the current beliefs and expectations of the Company s management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from the results discussed in the forward-looking statements. Moreover, the Company s plans, objectives and intentions are subject to change based on various factors (some of which are beyond the Company s control). Factors that could cause actual results to differ from those discussed in the forward-looking statements include: (1) the macroeconomic and other challenges and uncertainties related to the COVID-19 pandemic, variants of COVID-19, and related vaccine and booster rollouts, including the negative impacts and disruptions on public health, the Company s corporate and consumer customers, the communities the Company serves, and the domestic and global economy, including various actions taken in response by governments, central banks and others, which may have an adverse effect on the Company s business; (2) current and future economic and market conditions, including the effects of changes in housing or vehicle prices, higher unemployment rates, labor shortages, supply chain disruption, inability to obtain raw materials and supplies, U.S. fiscal debt, budget and tax matters, geopolitical matters, and any slowdown in global economic growth; (3) the effect of, and changes in, monetary and fiscal policies and laws, including future changes in Federal and state statutory income tax rates and interest rate and other policy actions of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System; (4) the effect of changes in the level of checking or savings account deposits on the Company s funding costs and net interest margin; (5) future provisions for credit losses on loans and debt securities; (6) changes in nonperforming assets; (7) the effect of a fall in stock market or bond prices on the Company s fee income businesses, including its employee benefit services, wealth management, and insurance businesses; (8) risks related to credit quality; (9) inflation, interest rate, liquidity, market and monetary fluctuations; (10) the strength of the U.S. economy in general and the strength of the local economies where the Company conducts its business; (11) the timely development of new products and services and customer perception of the overall value thereof (including features, pricing and quality) compared to competing products and services; (12) changes in consumer spending, borrowing and savings habits; (13) technological changes and implementation and financial risks associated with transitioning to new technology-based systems involving large multi-year contracts; (14) the ability of the Company to maintain the security of its financial, accounting, technology, data processing and other operating systems and facilities; (15) effectiveness of the Company s risk management processes and procedures, reliance on models which may be inaccurate or misinterpreted, the Company s ability to manage its credit or interest rate risk, the sufficiency of its allowance for credit losses and the accuracy of the assumptions or estimates used in preparing the Company s financial statements and disclosures; (16) failure of third parties to provide various services that are important to the Company s operations; (17) any acquisitions or mergers that might be considered or consummated by the Company and the costs and factors associated therewith, including differences in the actual financial results of the acquisition or merger compared to expectations and the realization of anticipated cost savings and revenue enhancements; (18) the ability to maintain and increase market share and control expenses; (19) the nature, timing and effect of changes in banking regulations or other regulatory or legislative requirements affecting the respective businesses of the Company and its subsidiaries, including changes in laws and regulations concerning taxes, accounting, banking, service fees, risk management, securities and other aspects of the financial services industry; (20) changes in the Company s organization, compensation and benefit plans and in the availability of, and compensation levels for, employees in its geographic markets; (21) the outcome of pending or future litigation and government proceedings; (22) other risk factors outlined in the Company s filings with the SEC from time to time; and (23) the success of the Company at managing the risks of the foregoing. The foregoing list of important factors is not all-inclusive. For more information about factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the Company s expectations, refer to Item 1A Risk Factors above. Any forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made and the Company does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statement, whether written or oral, to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which such statement is made. If the Company does update or correct one or more forward-looking statements, investors and others should not conclude that the Company will make additional updates or corrections with respect thereto or with respect to other forward-looking statements. 
 64 

Table of Contents 
 Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Measures Table 17: GAAP to Non-GAAP Reconciliations 

(000 s omitted) 2022 2021 2020 Income statement data Pre-tax, pre-provision net revenue Net income (GAAP) 188,081 189,694 164,676 Income taxes 52,233 51,654 41,400 Income before income taxes 240,314 241,348 206,076 Provision for credit losses 14,773 (8,839) 14,212 Pre-tax, pre-provision net revenue (non-GAAP) 255,087 232,509 220,288 Acquisition expenses 5,021 701 4,933 Acquisition-related contingent consideration adjustment (300) 200 0 Unrealized loss (gain) on equity securities 44 (17) 6 Litigation accrual 0 (100) 2,950 Gain on debt extinguishment 0 0 (421) Adjusted pre-tax, pre-provision net revenue (non-GAAP) 259,852 233,293 227,756 Pre-tax, pre-provision net revenue per share Diluted earnings per share (GAAP) 3.46 3.48 3.08 Income taxes 0.96 0.95 0.77 Income before income taxes 4.42 4.43 3.85 Provision for credit losses 0.27 (0.16) 0.27 Pre-tax, pre-provision net revenue per share (non-GAAP) 4.69 4.27 4.12 Acquisition expenses 0.09 0.01 0.09 Acquisition-related contingent consideration adjustment 0.00 0.00 0.00 Unrealized loss (gain) on equity securities 0.00 0.00 0.00 Litigation accrual 0.00 0.00 0.06 Gain on debt extinguishment 0.00 0.00 (0.01) Adjusted pre-tax, pre-provision net revenue per share (non-GAAP) 4.78 4.28 4.26 
 65 

Table of Contents 

(000 s omitted) 2022 2021 2020 Net income Net income (GAAP) 188,081 189,694 164,676 Acquisition expenses 5,021 701 4,933 Tax effect of acquisition expenses (1,091) (150) (991) Subtotal (non-GAAP) 192,011 190,245 168,618 Acquisition-related contingent consideration adjustment (300) 200 0 Tax effect of acquisition-related contingent consideration adjustment 65 (43) 0 Subtotal (non-GAAP) 191,776 190,402 168,618 Acquisition-related provision for credit losses 3,927 0 3,061 Tax effect of acquisition-related provision for credit losses (853) 0 (615) Subtotal (non-GAAP) 194,850 190,402 171,064 Unrealized loss (gain) on equity securities 44 (17) 6 Tax effect of unrealized loss (gain) on equity securities (10) 4 (1) Subtotal (non-GAAP) 194,884 190,389 171,069 Litigation accrual 0 (100) 2,950 Tax effect of litigation accrual 0 21 (593) Subtotal (non-GAAP) 194,884 190,310 173,426 Gain on debt extinguishment 0 0 (421) Tax effect of gain on debt extinguishment 0 0 85 Operating net income (non-GAAP) 194,884 190,310 173,090 Amortization of intangibles 15,214 14,051 14,297 Tax effect of amortization of intangibles (3,307) (3,007) (2,872) Subtotal (non-GAAP) 206,791 201,354 184,515 Acquired non-PCD loan accretion (4,292) (3,989) (5,491) Tax effect of acquired non-PCD loan accretion 933 854 1,103 Adjusted net income (non-GAAP) 203,432 198,219 180,127 Return on average assets Adjusted net income (non-GAAP) 203,432 198,219 180,127 Average total assets 15,567,139 14,835,025 12,896,499 Adjusted return on average assets (non-GAAP) 1.31 1.34 1.40 Return on average equity Adjusted net income (non-GAAP) 203,432 198,219 180,127 Average total equity 1,733,521 2,064,105 2,026,669 Adjusted return on average equity (non-GAAP) 11.74 9.60 8.89 
 66 

Table of Contents 

(000 s omitted) 2022 2021 2020 Income statement data (continued) Earnings per common share Diluted earnings per share (GAAP) 3.46 3.48 3.08 Acquisition expenses 0.09 0.01 0.09 Tax effect of acquisition expenses (0.02) 0.00 (0.02) Subtotal (non-GAAP) 3.53 3.49 3.15 Acquisition-related contingent consideration adjustment 0.00 0.00 0.00 Tax effect of acquisition-related contingent consideration adjustment 0.00 0.00 0.00 Subtotal (non-GAAP) 3.53 3.49 3.15 Acquisition-related provision for credit losses 0.07 0.00 0.06 Tax effect of acquisition-related provision for credit losses (0.02) 0.00 (0.01) Subtotal (non-GAAP) 3.58 3.49 3.20 Unrealized loss (gain) on equity securities 0.00 0.00 0.00 Tax effect of unrealized loss (gain) on equity securities 0.00 0.00 0.00 Subtotal (non-GAAP) 3.58 3.49 3.20 Litigation accrual 0.00 0.00 0.06 Tax effect of litigation accrual 0.00 0.00 (0.01) Subtotal (non-GAAP) 3.58 3.49 3.25 Gain on debt extinguishment 0.00 0.00 (0.01) Tax effect of gain on debt extinguishment 0.00 0.00 0.00 Operating earnings per share (non-GAAP) 3.58 3.49 3.24 Amortization of intangibles 0.28 0.26 0.26 Tax effect of amortization of intangibles (0.06) (0.06) (0.05) Subtotal (non-GAAP) 3.80 3.69 3.45 Acquired non-PCD loan accretion (0.08) (0.07) (0.10) Tax effect of acquired non-PCD loan accretion 0.02 0.02 0.02 Diluted adjusted net earnings per share (non-GAAP) 3.74 3.64 3.37 Noninterest operating expenses Noninterest expenses (GAAP) 424,268 388,138 376,534 Amortization of intangibles (15,214) (14,051) (14,297) Acquisition-related contingent consideration adjustment 300 (200) 0 Acquisition expenses (5,021) (701) (4,933) Litigation accrual 0 100 (2,950) Total adjusted noninterest expenses (non-GAAP) 404,333 373,286 354,354 Efficiency ratio Noninterest expenses (GAAP) numerator 424,268 388,138 376,534 Net interest income (GAAP) 420,630 374,412 368,403 Noninterest revenues (GAAP) 258,725 246,235 228,419 Total revenues (GAAP) denominator 679,355 620,647 596,822 Efficiency ratio (GAAP) 62.5 62.5 63.1 Operating expenses (non-GAAP) - numerator 404,333 373,286 354,354 Fully tax-equivalent net interest income 424,704 377,805 372,342 Noninterest revenues 258,725 246,235 228,419 Acquired non-PCD loan accretion (4,292) (3,989) (5,491) Unrealized loss (gain) on equity securities 44 (17) 6 Gain on debt extinguishment 0 0 (421) Operating revenues (non-GAAP) - denominator 679,181 620,034 594,855 Efficiency ratio (non-GAAP) 59.5 60.2 59.6 
 67 

Table of Contents 

(000 s omitted) 2022 2021 2020 Balance sheet data Total assets Total assets (GAAP) 15,835,651 15,552,657 13,931,094 Intangible assets (902,837) (864,335) (846,648) Deferred taxes on intangible assets 46,130 44,160 44,370 Total tangible assets (non-GAAP) 14,978,944 14,732,482 13,128,816 Total common equity Shareholders equity (GAAP) 1,551,705 2,100,807 2,104,107 Intangible assets (902,837) (864,335) (846,648) Deferred taxes on intangible assets 46,130 44,160 44,370 Total tangible common equity (non-GAAP) 694,998 1,280,632 1,301,829 Shareholders equity-to-assets ratio Total shareholders equity (GAAP) - numerator 1,551,705 2,100,807 2,104,107 Total assets (GAAP) - denominator 15,835,651 15,552,657 13,931,094 Net shareholders equity-to-assets ratio (GAAP) 9.80 13.51 15.10 Net tangible equity-to-assets ratio Total tangible common equity (non-GAAP) - numerator 694,998 1,280,632 1,301,829 Total tangible assets (non-GAAP) - denominator 14,978,944 14,732,482 13,128,816 Net tangible equity-to-assets ratio (non-GAAP) 4.64 8.69 9.92 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk Market risk is the risk of loss in a financial instrument arising from adverse changes in market rates, prices or credit risk. Credit risk associated with the Company s loan portfolio has been previously discussed in the asset quality section of the MD A. Management believes that the tax risk of the Company s municipal investments associated with potential future changes in statutory, judicial and regulatory actions is minimal. Treasury, agency, mortgage-backed and collateralized mortgage obligation securities issued by government agencies comprise 90.3 of the total portfolio and are currently rated AAA by Moody s Investor Services and AA+ by Standard Poor s. Obligations of state and political subdivisions account for 9.5 of the total portfolio, of which, 96.3 carry a minimum rating of A-. The remaining 0.2 of the portfolio is comprised of other investment grade securities. The Company does not have material foreign currency exchange rate risk exposure. Therefore, almost all the market risk in the investment portfolio is related to interest rates. The ongoing monitoring and management of both interest rate risk and liquidity over the short and long term time horizons is an important component of the Company s asset/liability management process, which is governed by guidelines established in the policies reviewed and approved annually by the Company s Board. The Board delegates responsibility for carrying out the policies to the ALCO, which meets each month. The committee is made up of the Company s senior management as well as regional and line-of-business managers who oversee specific earning asset classes and various funding sources. As the Company does not believe it is possible to reliably predict future interest rate movements, it has maintained an appropriate process and set of measurement tools, which enables it to identify and quantify sources of interest rate risk in varying rate environments. The primary tool used by the Company in managing interest rate risk is income simulation. This begins with the development of a base case scenario, which projects net interest income NII over the next twelve month period. The base case scenario NII may increase or decrease significantly from quarter to quarter reflective of changes during the most recent quarter in the Company s: (i) earning assets and liabilities balances, (ii) composition of earning assets and liabilities, (iii) earning asset yields, (iv) cost of funds and (v) model projections, as well as current market interest rates, including the slope of the yield curve and projected changes in the slope of the yield curve over the twelve month period. Due to the favorable impacts of increases in market interest rates on new loans and a significant increase in the Company s loan balances during the fourth quarter of 2022, which were partially offset by the unfavorable impacts of higher costs on deposits and overnight borrowings, the base case NII projection increased between the third quarter income simulation and the fourth quarter income simulation. 
 68 

Table of Contents 
 While a wide variety of strategic balance sheet and treasury yield curve scenarios are tested on an ongoing basis, the following reflects the Company s estimated NII sensitivity as compared to the base case scenario over the subsequent twelve months based on: Balance sheet levels using December 31, 2022 as a starting point. The model assumes the Company s average deposit balances will decrease approximately 4.6 over the next twelve months. The model was adjusted for the sale of 733.8 million of available-for-sale U.S. Treasury securities in the first quarter of 2023, resulting in a decrease in average earning assets of approximately 8.1 as the proceeds from the sale were used to pay down overnight borrowings. Cash flows on earning assets are based on contractual maturity, optionality, and amortization schedules along with applicable prepayments derived from internal historical data and external sources. All loan balances are generally projected to increase modestly throughout the forecast period. The model assumes no additional investment security purchases over the next twelve months. Investment cash flows will be used to pay down overnight borrowings and fund loan growth. In the rising rates scenarios, the prime rate and federal funds rates are assumed to move up by the amounts listed below over a 12-month period while moving the long end of the treasury curve to spreads over the three month treasury that are more consistent with historical norms, including a reversion to a positively-sloped yield curve (normalized yield curve) with an average spread of 95 basis points between the three month Treasury yield and the ten year Treasury yield. Deposit rates are assumed to move in a manner that reflects the historical relationship between deposit rate movement and changes in the federal funds rate. In the -100 basis point model, the prime and federal funds rates are dropped one hundred basis points each, and the treasury curve assumes the same slope as the rising rate scenarios, with all points normalizing off of the three month treasury rate, which is lowered by one hundred basis points from the flat rate scenario. The same method is applied for the -200 basis point scenario, with the rate moves being down 200 basis points for prime, federal funds, and the three month treasury rate. Net Interest Income Sensitivity Model 

Calculated annualized increase Calculated annualized increase (decrease) in projected net interest (decrease) in projected net interest income at December 31, 2022 income at December 31, 2022 Interest rate scenario (000 s omitted) ) +200 basis points (1,910) (0.4) +100 basis points 1,093 0.2 -100 basis points 4,173 0.9 -200 basis points 391 0.1 Projected NII over the 12-month forecast period decreases in the up 200 rate environment largely due to deposits and overnight borrowings repricing higher in year 1, which are mostly offset by loans repricing higher. Projected NII increases in the up 100 rate environment largely due to the impact of loans repricing higher outweighing the increases to deposit and overnight borrowing costs. Over the longer time period, the growth in NII begins to improve in all rising rate environments as the impact from lower yielding assets maturing and being replaced at higher rates is significantly more material than the increase in funding costs. Projected NII increases in the down 100 and down 200 rate environments due to lower funding costs which are partially offset by lower income on loans. 
 69 

Table of Contents 
 The analysis does not represent a Company forecast and should not be relied upon as being indicative of expected operating results. These hypothetical estimates are based upon numerous assumptions: the nature and timing of interest rate levels (including yield curve shape), prepayments on loans and securities, deposit decay rates, pricing decisions on loans and deposits, reinvestment/replacement of asset and liability cash flows, and other factors. While the assumptions are developed based upon a reasonable outlook for national and local economic and market conditions, the Company cannot make any assurances as to the predictive efficacy of these assumptions, including how customer preferences or competitor influences might change. Furthermore, the sensitivity analysis does not reflect actions that the ALCO might take in responding to or anticipating changes in interest rates and other developments. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data The following consolidated financial statements and independent registered public accounting firm s report of Community Bank System, Inc. are contained on pages 71 through 134 of this item. Consolidated Statements of Condition, December 31, 2022 and 2021 Consolidated Statements of Income, Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity, Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, December 31, 2022 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 70 

Table of Contents 
 COMMUNITY BANK SYSTEM, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CONDITION (In Thousands, Except Share Data) 

December 31, 2022 2021 Assets: Cash and cash equivalents Available-for-sale investment securities includes pledged securities that can be sold or repledged of and , respectively (cost of and , respectively) Held-to-maturity securities (fair value of and , respectively) Equity and other securities (cost of and , respectively) Loans, net Allowance for credit losses ) ) Net loans Goodwill Core deposit intangibles, net Other intangibles, net Goodwill and intangible assets, net Premises and equipment, net Accrued interest and fees receivable Other assets Total assets Liabilities: Noninterest-bearing deposits Interest-bearing deposits Total deposits Overnight borrowings Securities sold under agreement to repurchase, short-term Other Federal Home Loan Bank borrowings Subordinated notes payable Accrued interest and other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (See Note N) Shareholders equity: Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized, shares issued Common stock, par value, shares authorized; and shares issued, respectively Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Treasury stock, at cost shares including shares held by deferred compensation arrangements at December 31, 2022, and shares including shares held by deferred compensation arrangements at December 31, 2021) ) ) Deferred compensation arrangements shares at December 31, 2022 and shares at December 31, 2021) Total shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholders equity See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 71 

Table of Contents 
 COMMUNITY BANK SYSTEM, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME (In Thousands, Except Per-Share Data) 

Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Interest income: Interest and fees on loans Interest and dividends on taxable investments Interest and dividends on nontaxable investments Total interest income Interest expense: Interest on deposits Interest on borrowings Interest on subordinated notes payable Interest on subordinated debt held by unconsolidated subsidiary trusts Total interest expense Net interest income Provision for credit losses ) Net interest income after provision for credit losses Noninterest revenues: Deposit service fees Mortgage banking Other banking services Employee benefit services Insurance services Wealth management services Unrealized (loss) gain on equity securities ) ) Gain on debt extinguishment Total noninterest revenues Noninterest expenses: Salaries and employee benefits Occupancy and equipment Data processing and communications Amortization of intangible assets Legal and professional fees Business development and marketing Litigation accrual ) Acquisition expenses Acquisition-related contingent consideration adjustment ) Other expenses Total noninterest expenses Income before income taxes Income taxes Net income Basic earnings per share Diluted earnings per share See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 72 

Table of Contents 
 COMMUNITY BANK SYSTEM, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (In Thousands) 

Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Pension and other post retirement obligations: Amortization of actuarial (losses) gains included in net periodic pension cost, gross ) Tax effect ) ) Amortization of actuarial (losses) gains included in net periodic pension cost, net ) Amortization of prior service cost included in net periodic pension cost, gross ) Tax effect ) ) Amortization of prior service cost included in net periodic pension cost, net ) Other comprehensive (loss) income related to pension and other post retirement obligations, net of taxes ) Unrealized (losses) gains on investment securities: Net unrealized holding (losses) gains on investment securities, gross ) ) Tax effect ) Other comprehensive (loss) gain related to unrealized (losses) gains on investment securities, net of taxes ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax ) ) Net income Comprehensive (loss) income ) 

As of December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income By Component: Unrealized (loss) for pension and other postretirement obligations ) ) ) Tax effect Net unrealized (loss) for pension and other postretirement obligations ) ) ) Unrealized (loss) gain on investment securities ) ) Tax effect ) Net unrealized (loss) gain on investment securities ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 73 

Table of Contents 
 COMMUNITY BANK SYSTEM, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY Years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022 (In Thousands, Except Share Data) 

Accumulated Common Stock Other Deferred Shares Amount Additional Retained Comprehensive Treasury Compensation Outstanding Issued Paid-in Capital Earnings (Loss)/Income Stock Arrangements Total Balance at December 31, 2019 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income, net of tax Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle ASC 326 Dividends declared: Common, per share ) ) Common stock activity under employee stock plans Stock-based compensation Stock issued for acquisition Distribution of stock under deferred compensation arrangements ) Treasury stock purchased ) ) Treasury stock issued to benefit plan Balance at December 31, 2020 ) Net income Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Dividends declared: Common, per share ) ) Common stock activity under employee stock plans Stock-based compensation Distribution of stock under deferred compensation arrangements ) Treasury stock purchased ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Dividends declared: Common, per share ) ) Common stock activity under employee stock plans Stock-based compensation Distribution of stock under deferred compensation arrangements ) Treasury stock purchased ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 74 

Table of Contents 
 COMMUNITY BANK SYSTEM, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (In Thousands of Dollars) 

Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation Amortization of intangible assets Net accretion on securities, loans and borrowings ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Provision for credit losses ) Provision (benefit) for deferred income taxes ) Amortization of mortgage servicing rights Unrealized loss (gain) on equity securities ) Gain on debt extinguishment ) Income from bank-owned life insurance policies ) ) ) Net gain on sale of assets ) ) ) Change in other assets and liabilities ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Investing activities: Proceeds from maturities, calls and paydowns of available-for-sale investment securities Proceeds from maturities and redemptions of equity and other securities Purchases of available-for-sale investment securities ) ) ) Purchases of equity and other securities ) ) ) Net (increase) decrease in loans ) ) Cash (paid) received for acquisition, net of cash acquired of , , and , respectively ) ) Proceeds from sales of premises and equipment, net Purchases of premises and equipment, net ) ) ) Real estate limited partnership investments ) ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Financing activities: Net (decrease) increase in deposits ) Net increase (decrease) in overnight borrowings ) Net increase in securities sold under agreement to repurchase, short-term Payments on other Federal Home Loan Bank borrowings ) ) ) Payments on subordinated debt held by unconsolidated subsidiary trusts ) ) Payments on subordinated notes payable ) Proceeds from the issuance of common stock Purchases of treasury stock ) ) ) Proceeds from the sale of treasury stock Increase in deferred compensation agreements Cash dividends paid ) ) ) Withholding taxes paid on share-based compensation ) ) ) Net cash provided by financing activities Change in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents at end of year Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: Cash paid for interest Cash paid for income taxes Supplemental disclosures of noncash financing and investing activities: Dividends declared and unpaid Transfers from loans to other real estate Transfers from premises and equipment, net to other assets Acquisitions: Common stock issued Fair value of assets acquired, excluding acquired cash and intangibles Fair value of liabilities assumed See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 75 

Table of Contents 
 COMMUNITY BANK SYSTEM, INC. significant consolidated subsidiaries: Community Bank, N.A. (the Bank or CBNA ), and Benefit Plans Administrative Services, Inc. BPAS ). As of December 31, 2022, BPAS owns subsidiaries: Benefit Plans Administrative Services, LLC BPA ), a provider of defined contribution plan administration services; Northeast Retirement Services, LLC NRS ), a provider of institutional transfer agency, master recordkeeping services, fund administration, trust and retirement plan services; BPAS Actuarial Pension Services, LLC BPAS-APS ), a provider of actuarial and benefit consulting services; BPAS Trust Company of Puerto Rico, a Puerto Rican trust company; and Hand Benefits Trust Company HB T ), a provider of collective investment fund administration and institutional trust services. BPA owns one subsidiary, Fringe Benefits Design of Minnesota, Inc. FBD ), a provider of retirement plan administration and benefit consulting services. NRS owns subsidiary, Global Trust Company, Inc. GTC ), a non-depository trust company which provides fiduciary services for collective investment trusts and other products. HB T owns subsidiary, Hand Securities Inc. HSI ), an introducing broker-dealer. As of December 31, 2022, the Bank operated full-service branches and drive-thru only locations operating as Community Bank, N.A. throughout counties of Upstate New York, counties of Northeastern Pennsylvania, counties of Vermont and county of Western Massachusetts, offering a range of commercial and retail banking services. The Bank owns the following operating subsidiaries: The Carta Group, Inc. Carta Group ), CBNA Preferred Funding Corporation PFC ), CBNA Treasury Management Corporation TMC ), Community Investment Services, Inc. CISI ), Nottingham Advisors, Inc. Nottingham ), OneGroup NY, Inc. OneGroup ), OneGroup Wealth Partners, Inc. Wealth Partners ), Oneida Preferred Funding II LLC OPFC II and E.S.B. Realty Corp. ESB Realty ). OneGroup is a full-service insurance agency offering personal and commercial lines of insurance and other risk management products and services. PFC, ESB Realty and OPFC II primarily act as investors in residential and commercial real estate activities. TMC provides cash management, investment, and treasury services to the Bank. CISI, Carta Group and Wealth Partners provide broker-dealer and investment advisory services. Nottingham provides asset management services to individuals, corporations, corporate pension and profit sharing plans, and foundations. 
 76 

Table of Contents 
 main components of economic risk: interest rate risk, credit risk and market risk. The Company is subject to interest rate risk to the degree that its interest-bearing liabilities mature or reprice at different speeds, or on a different basis, from its interest-earning assets. The Company s primary credit risk is the risk of default on the Company s loan portfolio that results from the borrowers inability or unwillingness to make contractually required payments. Market risk reflects potential changes in the value of collateral underlying loans, the fair value of investment securities, and loans held for sale. The Company is subject to regulations of various governmental agencies. These regulations can change significantly from period to period. The Company also undergoes periodic examinations by the regulatory agencies, which may subject it to further changes with respect to asset valuations, amounts of required credit loss allowances, and operating restrictions resulting from the regulators judgments based on information available to them at the time of their examinations. 
 77 

Table of Contents 
 types of performance obligations related to these services. The Company s performance obligation that relates to advisory and administration services are satisfied over time and the resulting fees are recognized monthly, based upon the market value of the assets under management and the applicable fee rate. Payment is generally received soon after month end or quarter end through a direct charge to customers accounts. The Company does not earn performance-based incentives. Transactional services such as tax return preparation services, purchases and sales of investments and insurance products are also available to existing trust and asset management customers. The Company s performance obligation for these transactional-based services is generally satisfied, and related revenue recognized, at a point in time (i.e. as incurred). Payment is generally received on a monthly basis. Wealth management services revenue primarily relates to the Company s All Other operating segment. Contract Balances A contract asset balance occurs when an entity performs a service for a customer before the customer pays consideration (resulting in a contract receivable) or before payment is due (resulting in a contract asset). A contract liability balance is an entity s obligation to transfer a service to a customer for which the entity has already received payment (or payment is due) from the customer. The Company s noninterest revenue streams are largely based on transactional activity, or standard month-end revenue accruals such as asset management fees based on month-end market values. Consideration is often received immediately or shortly after the Company satisfies its performance obligation and revenue is recognized. The Company does not typically enter into long-term revenue contracts with customers, and therefore, does not experience significant contract balances. As of December 31, 2022, million of accounts receivable, including million of unbilled fee revenue, and million of unearned revenue was recorded in the consolidated statements of condition. As of December 31, 2021, million of accounts receivable, including million of unbilled fee revenue, and million of unearned revenue was recorded in the consolidated statements of condition. Contract Acquisition Costs Under the guidance of Topic 606, an entity is required to capitalize, and subsequently amortize into expense, certain incremental costs of obtaining a contract with a customer if these costs are expected to be recovered. The incremental costs of obtaining a contract are those costs that an entity incurs to obtain a contract with a customer that it would not have incurred if the contract had not been obtained (for example, sales commission). The Company utilizes the practical expedient method which allows entities to immediately expense contract acquisition costs when the asset that would have resulted from capitalizing these costs would have been amortized in one year or less. 
 78 

Table of Contents 
 million and million, respectively. Cash due from banks may at times exceed federally insured limits. million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Accrued interest receivable on held-to-maturity securities, included in accrued interest and fees receivable on the consolidated statements of condition, totaled million at December 31, 2022. These amounts are excluded from the estimate of credit losses. 
 79 

Table of Contents 
 
 80 

Table of Contents 
 
 81 

Table of Contents 
 The cumulative loss rate method uses historical loss data applied against multiple pools of loans and uses a quantitatively based management overlay in order to capture the risk for a loan s entire expected life. These loss rates are then applied to current balances to achieve a required reserve before qualitative adjustments. The line loss method calculates the quantitative required reserve for lines of credit. This method contains several different underlying calculations including average annual loss rate, pay-down rate, cumulative loss, average draw percentage, and undrawn liability reserve. The vintage loss rate method calculates annual loss rates by origination year. The results of this model are then applied to current outstanding balances by vintage, which correspond to the origination period for each annual loss rate. In addition to the risk characteristics noted above, management considers the portion of acquired loans to the overall segment balance, as well as current delinquency and charge-off trends compared to historical time periods. Loans that do not share risk characteristics are evaluated on an individual basis. Loans that are individually assessed are not included in the collective evaluation. When management determines that foreclosure is probable or when the borrower is experiencing financial difficulty at the reporting date and repayment is expected to be provided substantially through the operation or sale of the collateral, expected credit losses are based on the fair value of the collateral at the reporting date, adjusted for selling costs as appropriate. Expected credit losses are estimated over the contractual term of the loans and adjusted for expected prepayments when appropriate. The contractual term excludes expected extensions, renewals, and modifications unless management has a reasonable expectation at the reporting date that a troubled debt restructuring will be executed with an individual borrower or the extension or renewal options are included in the original or modified contract at the reporting date and are not unconditionally cancellable by the Company. 
 82 

Table of Contents 
 
 83 

Table of Contents 
 . The initial and ongoing carrying value of goodwill and other intangible assets is based upon discounted cash flow modeling techniques that require management to make estimates regarding the amount and timing of expected future cash flows. It also requires use of a discount rate that reflects the current return requirements of the market in relation to present risk-free interest rates, required equity market premiums, peer volatility indicators, and company-specific risk indicators. The Company evaluates goodwill for impairment on an annual basis, or more often if events or circumstances indicate there may be impairment. The implied fair value of a reporting unit s goodwill is compared to its carrying amount and the impairment loss is measured by the excess of the carrying value over fair value. The fair value of each reporting unit is compared to the carrying amount of that reporting unit in order to determine if impairment is indicated. for equipment; three to for software and hardware ; and to for building and building improvements. Land improvements are depreciated over and leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of the term of the respective lease plus any optional renewal periods that are reasonably assured or life of the asset. Maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred. Premises and equipment designated as held for sale is included in other assets on the consolidated statements of condition and are carried at the lower of cost or fair value, less estimated costs to sell. million and million, respectively, and is included in other assets in the Company s consolidated statements of condition. 
 84 

Table of Contents 
 to as of December 31, 2022. These investments are made directly in Low Income Housing Tax Credit LIHTC partnerships formed by third parties. As a limited partner in these operating partnerships, the Company receives tax credits and tax deductions for losses incurred by the underlying properties. The Company accounts for its ownership interest in LIHTC partnerships in accordance with Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-01, Investments Equity Method and Joint Ventures (Topic 323): Accounting for Investments in Qualified Affordable Housing Projects . The standard permits an entity to amortize the initial cost of the investment in proportion to the amount of the tax credits and other tax benefits received and recognize the net investment performance in the income statement as a component of income tax expense. The Company has no unfunded commitments at December 31, 2022 related to qualified affordable housing project investments. There were impairment losses during the year resulting from the forfeiture or ineligibility of tax credits related to qualified affordable housing project investments. 
 85 

Table of Contents 
 million, million and million for the years ending December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 86 

Table of Contents 
 
 87 

Table of Contents 
 million in cash and recorded a million intangible asset for a noncompete agreement, a million customer list intangible and million of goodwill in conjunction with the acquisition. The effects of the acquired assets have been included in the consolidated financial statements since that date. Revenues of approximately million and direct expenses of approximately million were included in the consolidated statements of income for the year ended December 31, 2022. On May 13, 2022, the Company completed its acquisition of Elmira Savings Bank Elmira ), a New York State chartered savings bank headquartered in Elmira, New York, for million in cash. The acquisition enhances the Company s presence in counties in New York s Southern Tier and Finger Lakes regions. In connection with the acquisition, the Company acquired approximately million of identifiable assets, including million of loans, million of investment securities, and million of core deposit intangibles, as well as million of deposits. Goodwill of million was recognized as a result of the merger. The effects of the acquired assets and liabilities have been included in the consolidated financial statements since that date. The Company also recognized a million acquisition-related provision for credit losses for loans acquired in the transaction. Revenues of approximately million and direct expenses of approximately million from the Elmira branch network, which may not include certain shared expenses, were included in the consolidated statements of income for the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company incurred certain transaction-related costs in 2022 in connection with the Elmira acquisition. On January 1, 2022, the Company, through its subsidiary OneGroup, completed acquisitions of certain assets of insurance agencies for an aggregate amount of million in cash. The Company recorded a million customer list intangible asset in conjunction with the acquisitions. The effects of the acquired assets have been included in the consolidated financial statements since that date. Revenues of approximately million and direct expenses of approximately million were included in the consolidated statements of income for the year ended December 31, 2022. On August 2, 2021, the Company, through its subsidiary OneGroup, completed its acquisition of certain assets and liabilities of the Thomas Gregory Associates Insurance Brokers, Inc. TGA ), a specialty-lines insurance broker based in the Boston, Massachusetts area, for million in cash plus contingent consideration with a fair value at acquisition date of million. The Company recorded a million customer list intangible asset and million of goodwill in conjunction with the acquisition. The effects of the acquired assets and liabilities have been included in the consolidated financial statements since that date. Revenues of approximately million and million and direct expenses of approximately million and million from TGA were included in the consolidated income statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The acquisition of TGA includes a contingent consideration arrangement that requires additional consideration to be paid by the Company based on the future retained revenue of TGA over a three-year period. Amounts are payable in two payments, the first of which is two years after the acquisition date, and the second is after the acquisition date. The range of the undiscounted amounts the Company could pay under the contingent consideration agreement is between and million. The fair value of the contingent consideration recognized on the acquisition date of million was estimated by applying the income approach, a measure that is based on significant Level 3 inputs not readily observable in the market. Key assumptions at the date of acquisition include (1) a discount rate range of to to present value the payments and (2) probability adjusted level of retained revenue between million and million. The contingent consideration related to the TGA acquisition was revalued at December 31, 2022. The range of the undiscounted amounts the Company could pay under the agreement remained at between and million. Key assumptions include (1) a discount rate range of to applied to present value the payments and (2) probability adjusted level of retained revenue between million and million. A revaluation was previously performed at June 30, 2022, resulting in a million adjustment to the fair value of the contingent consideration. Based on the results of the December revaluation, the Company recorded a reduction of million acquisition-related contingent consideration adjustment as of December 31, 2022 in the consolidated statements of income related to the TGA acquisition. The total net adjustment for 2022 was million, for an adjusted fair value of million at December 31, 2022. 
 88 

Table of Contents 
 million in cash plus contingent consideration with a fair value at acquisition date of million. The Company recorded a million customer list intangible asset and million of goodwill in conjunction with the acquisition. The effects of the acquired assets have been included in the consolidated financial statements since that date. Revenues of approximately million and million and direct expenses of approximately million and million from FBD were included in the consolidated income statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The acquisition of FBD includes a contingent consideration arrangement that requires additional consideration to be paid by the Company based on the future retained revenue of FBD over a two-year period. Amounts are payable three years after the acquisition date. The range of the undiscounted amounts the Company could pay under the contingent consideration agreement is between and million. The fair value of the contingent consideration recognized on the acquisition date of million was estimated by applying the income approach, a measure that is based on significant Level 3 inputs not readily observable in the market. Key assumptions at the date of acquisition include (1) a discount rate of to present value the payment and (2) probability adjusted level of retained revenue between million and million. The contingent consideration related to the FBD acquisition was revalued at December 31, 2022. The range of the undiscounted amounts the Company could pay under the agreement remained at between and million. Key assumptions include (1) a discount rate of applied to present value the payment, and (2) probability adjusted level of retained revenue between million and million. A revaluation was previously performed at June 30, 2022, resulting in a million adjustment to the fair value of the contingent consideration. Based on the results of the December revaluation, the Company recorded an additional million acquisition-related contingent consideration adjustment in the consolidated statements of income related to the FBD acquisition. The total adjustment for 2022 was million, for an adjusted fair value of million at December 31, 2022. On June 1, 2021, the Company, through its subsidiary OneGroup, completed its acquisition of certain assets and liabilities of NuVantage Insurance Corp. NuVantage ), an insurance agency headquartered in Melbourne, Florida. The Company paid million in cash and recorded a million customer list intangible asset and million of goodwill in conjunction with the acquisition. The effects of the acquired assets and liabilities have been included in the consolidated financial statements since that date. Revenues of approximately million and million and direct expenses of approximately million and million from NuVantage were included in the consolidated income statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. On June 12, 2020, the Company completed its merger with Steuben Trust Corporation Steuben ), parent company of Steuben Trust Company, a New York State chartered bank headquartered in Hornell, New York, for million in Company stock and cash, comprised of million in cash and the issuance of million shares of common stock. The merger extended the Company s footprint into new counties in Western New York State, and enhanced the Company s presence in Western New York State counties in which it currently operates. In connection with the merger, the Company added full-service offices to its branch service network and acquired million of assets, including million of loans and million of investment securities, as well as million of deposits. Goodwill of million was recognized as a result of the merger. The effects of the acquired assets and liabilities have been included in the consolidated financial statements since that date. Revenues, excluding interest income on acquired investments, interest income on acquired consumer indirect loans, and revenues associated with acquired loans and deposits consolidated into the legacy branch network, of approximately million, million and million and direct expenses, which may not include certain shared expenses, of approximately million, million and million from Steuben were included in the consolidated income statements for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The Company incurred certain transaction-related costs in connection with the Steuben acquisition. The assets and liabilities assumed in the acquisitions were recorded at their estimated fair values based on management s best estimates using information available at the dates of the acquisitions. During 2022, the carrying amount of other liabilities associated with the FBD acquisition was adjusted as a result of an adjustment to working capital based on the purchase agreement, for a total net increase to goodwill of million. During the third quarter of 2022, the carrying amount of premises and equipment, other assets, and other liabilities related to the Elmira acquisition were adjusted upon receipt of new information as a result of adjustments to fair value and deferred income taxes. The adjustments resulted in a net decrease of million to goodwill recognized from the Elmira acquisition at September 30, 2022. During the fourth quarter of 2022, the carrying amount of loans, other assets and other liabilities related to the Elmira acquisition were adjusted upon receipt of new information as a result of adjustments to loan escrow balances, deferred income taxes and benefits accruals. The adjustments resulted in a net decrease to goodwill of million. 
 89 

Table of Contents 
 Community Bank System, Inc. common stock Contingent consideration Total net consideration Recognized amounts of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed: Cash and cash equivalents Investment securities Loans, net of allowance for credit losses on PCD loans Premises and equipment, net Accrued interest and fees receivable Other assets Core deposit intangibles Other intangibles Deposits ) ) ) Other liabilities ) ) ) ) Other Federal Home Loan Bank borrowings ) ) ) Subordinated debt held by unconsolidated subsidiary trusts ) Total identifiable assets, net Goodwill (1) Includes amounts for all OneGroup acquisitions completed in 2022. (2) Includes amounts for TGA, FBD, and NuVantage acquisitions completed in 2021. 
 The Company acquired loans from Elmira for which there was not evidence of a more-than-insignificant deterioration in credit quality since origination (non-PCD loans) with an unpaid principal balance of million at the acquisition date. Total fair value adjustments for non-PCD loans resulted in a net discount of million. The Company acquired loans from Elmira for which there was evidence of a more-than-insignificant deterioration in credit quality since origination (PCD loans as described in Note A: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies). There were no investment securities acquired from Elmira for which there was evidence of a more-than-insignificant deterioration in credit quality since origination. The carrying amount of those loans is as follows at the date of acquisition: Allowance for credit losses at acquisition ) Non-credit discount at acquisition ) Fair value of PCD loans at acquisition The Company acquired non-PCD loans from Steuben with an unpaid principal balance of million at the acquisition date. Total fair value adjustments for non-PCD loans resulted in a net premium of million. 
 90 

Table of Contents 
 Allowance for credit losses at acquisition ) Non-credit premium at acquisition Fair value of PCD loans at acquisition The fair value of the Company s common stock issued for the Steuben acquisition was determined using the market close price of the stock on June 12, 2020. The fair value of checking, savings and money market deposit accounts acquired were assumed to approximate the carrying value as these accounts have no stated maturity and are payable on demand. Certificate of deposit accounts were valued at the present value of the certificates expected contractual payments discounted at market rates for similar certificates. Borrowings assumed with the Elmira acquisition included FHLB borrowings with a fair value of million, with maturity dates ranging from January 2023 through March 2027 and a weighted average interest rate of . The core deposit intangibles related to the Elmira and Steuben acquisitions and other intangibles related to the NuVantage acquisition and three of the OneGroup acquisitions completed in 2022 are being amortized using an accelerated method over an estimated useful life of . The other intangibles associated with the fourth remaining OneGroup acquisition completed in 2022 are being amortized using an accelerated method over their estimated useful life of . The other intangibles related to the TGA and FBD acquisitions are being amortized using an accelerated method over their estimated useful life of and , respectively. The goodwill, which is not amortized for book purposes, was assigned to the Banking segment for the Elmira and Steuben acquisitions, the All Other segment for the NuVantage, TGA and JMD acquisitions, and the Employee Benefit Services segment for the FBD acquisition. Goodwill arising from the Elmira, FBD and Steuben acquisitions is not deductible for tax purposes. Goodwill arising from the JMD, NuVantage and TGA acquisitions is deductible for tax purposes. Direct costs related to the acquisitions were expensed as incurred. Merger and acquisition integration-related expenses amount to million, million and million during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and have been separately stated in the consolidated statements of income. Supplemental Pro Forma Financial Information (Unaudited) The following unaudited condensed pro forma information assumes the Elmira acquisition had been completed as of January 1, 2021 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the Steuben acquisition had been completed as of January 1, 2019 for the year ended December 31, 2020. The pro forma information does not include amounts related to the OneGroup acquisitions completed in 2022 or the NuVantage, FBD, and TGA acquisitions completed in 2021 as the amounts were immaterial. The table below has been prepared for comparative purposes only and is not necessarily indicative of the actual results that would have been attained had the acquisitions occurred as of the beginning of the year presented, nor is it indicative of the Company s future results. Furthermore, the unaudited pro forma information does not reflect management s estimate of any revenue-enhancing opportunities nor anticipated cost savings that may have occurred as a result of the integration and consolidation of the acquisitions. 
 91 

Table of Contents 
 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 were included in the pro forma information as if they were incurred in 2021. Acquisition expenses related to the Steuben transaction totaling million for the year ended December 31, 2020 were adjusted in the pro forma information as if they were incurred in 2019. Net income Obligations of state and political subdivisions Government agency mortgage-backed securities Corporate debt securities Government agency collateralized mortgage obligations Total available-for-sale portfolio Equity and other Securities: Equity securities, at fair value Federal Home Loan Bank common stock Federal Reserve Bank common stock Other equity securities, at adjusted cost Total equity and other securities Held-to-Maturity Portfolio: U.S. Treasury and agency securities Total held-to-maturity portfolio In the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company transferred billion of U.S. Treasury securities, at fair value, from available-for-sale to held-to-maturity. The securities were reclassified at fair value at the time of the transfer and the transfer represented a non-cash transaction. Accumulated other comprehensive loss at December 31, 2022 included pretax unrealized losses of million related to the transfer. These unrealized losses will be amortized, consistent with the amortization of the discount on these securities, over the remaining life as an adjustment of yield, resulting in no impact to net interest income or net income. 
 92 

Table of Contents 
 Obligations of state and political subdivisions Government agency mortgage-backed securities Corporate debt securities Government agency collateralized mortgage obligations Total available-for-sale investment portfolio Held-to-Maturity Portfolio: U.S Treasury and agency securities Total held-to-maturity portfolio As of December 31, 2021 Less than 12 Months 12 Months or Longer Total Gross Gross Gross Unrealized Unrealized Unrealized (000 s omitted) # Fair Value Losses # Fair Value Losses # Fair Value Losses Available-for-Sale Portfolio: U.S. Treasury and agency securities Obligations of state and political subdivisions Government agency mortgage-backed securities Corporate debt securities Government agency collateralized mortgage obligations Total available-for-sale investment portfolio The unrealized losses reported pertaining to available-for-sale securities issued by the U.S. government and its sponsored entities include treasuries, agencies, and mortgage-backed securities issued by Ginnie Mae, Fannie Mae, and Freddie Mac, which are currently rated AAA by Moody s Investor Services, AA+ by Standard Poor s and are guaranteed by the U.S. government. The majority of the obligations of state and political subdivisions carry a credit rating of A or better. Additionally, a portion of the obligations of state and political subdivisions carry a secondary level of credit enhancement. The Company holds corporate debt securities in an unrealized loss position and based on an analysis done by the Company the issuers of the securities show a low risk of default. Timely principal and interest payments continue to be made on the securities. The unrealized losses in the portfolios are primarily attributable to changes in interest rates. As such, management does not believe any individual unrealized loss as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 represents credit losses and unrealized losses have been recognized in the provision for credit losses. Accordingly, there is allowance for credit losses on the Company s available-for-sale portfolio as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Securities classified as held-to-maturity are included under the CECL methodology. Calculation of expected credit loss under CECL is done on a collective pooled basis, with assets grouped when similar risk characteristics exist. The Company notes that at December 31, 2022 all securities in the held-to-maturity classification are U.S. Treasury securities; therefore, they share the same risk characteristics and can be evaluated on a collective basis. The expected credit loss on these securities is evaluated based on historical credit losses of this security type and the expected possibility of default in the future. U.S. Treasury securities often receive the highest credit rating by rating agencies and the Company has concluded that the possibility of default is considered remote. The U.S. Treasury securities held by the Company in the held-to-maturity category carry an AA+ rating from Standard Poor s, Aaa from Moody s Investor Services, and AAA from Fitch. The Company concludes that the long history with no credit losses for U.S. Treasury securities (adjusted for current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts) indicates an expectation that nonpayment of the amortized cost basis is zero. Management has concluded that there is no prepayment risk and it is expected to recover the recorded investment. Accordingly, there is allowance for credit losses on the Company s held-to-maturity portfolio as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 93 

Table of Contents 
 Due after one through five years Due after five years through ten years Due after ten years Subtotal Government agency mortgage-backed securities Government agency collateralized mortgage obligations Total Investment securities with a carrying value of billion and billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, were pledged to collateralize certain deposits and borrowings. Securities pledged to collateralize certain deposits and borrowings included million and million of U.S. Treasury securities that were pledged as collateral for securities sold under agreement to repurchase at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. All securities sold under agreement to repurchase as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 have an overnight and continuous maturity. Consumer mortgage Consumer indirect Consumer direct Home equity Gross loans, including deferred origination costs Allowance for credit losses ) ) Loans, net of allowance for credit losses The Company had approximately million and million of net deferred loan origination costs included in gross loans as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Certain directors and executive officers of the Company, as well as associates of such persons, are loan customers. Loans to these individuals were made in the ordinary course of business under normal credit terms and do not have more than a normal risk of collection. Following is a summary of the aggregate amount of such loans during 2022 and 2021. New loans Payments ) ) Balance at end of year 
 94 

Table of Contents 
 The following table presents the aging of the amortized cost basis of the Company s past due loans by segment as of December 31, 2022 and 2021: Consumer mortgage Consumer indirect Consumer direct Home equity Total 

Past Due 90+ Days Past (000 s omitted) 30 89 Due and Total December 31, 2021 Days Still Accruing Nonaccrual Past Due Current Total Loans Business lending Consumer mortgage Consumer indirect Consumer direct Home equity Total interest income on nonaccrual loans was recognized during the years ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, an immaterial amount of accrued interest was written off on nonaccrual loans by reversing interest income. Approximately million of interest income on loans that returned to accrual status in 2022 was recognized for the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company uses several credit quality indicators to assess credit risk in an ongoing manner. The Company s primary credit quality indicator for its business lending portfolio is an internal credit risk rating system that categorizes loans as pass , special mention , classified , or doubtful . Credit risk ratings are applied to loans individually based on a case-by-case evaluation. In general, the following are the definitions of the Company s credit quality indicators: 

Pass The condition of the borrower and the performance of the loans are satisfactory or better. Special Mention The condition of the borrower has deteriorated and the loan has potential weaknesses, although the loan performs as agreed. Loss may be incurred at some future date if conditions deteriorate further. Classified The condition of the borrower has significantly deteriorated and the loan has a well-defined weakness or weaknesses. The performance of the loan could further deteriorate and incur loss if deficiencies are not corrected. Doubtful The condition of the borrower has deteriorated to the point that collection of the balance is improbable based on current facts and conditions and loss is likely. 
 95 

Table of Contents 
 Special mention Classified Doubtful Total business lending Term Loans Amortized Cost Basis by Origination Year Revolving Revolving Loans Loans (000 s omitted) Amortized Converted to December 31, 2021 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 Prior Cost Basis Term Total Business lending: Risk rating Pass Special mention Classified Doubtful Total business lending All other loans are underwritten and structured using standardized criteria and characteristics, primarily payment performance, and are monitored collectively on a monthly basis. These are typically loans to individuals in the consumer categories and are delineated as either performing or nonperforming. Performing loans include loans classified as current as well as those classified as 30 - 89 days past due. Nonperforming loans include 90+ days past due and still accruing and nonaccrual loans. 
 96 

Table of Contents 
 Nonperforming Total FICO AB FICO CDE (2) Performing Nonperforming Total FICO CDE Total consumer mortgage Consumer indirect: Performing Nonperforming Total consumer indirect Consumer direct: Performing Nonperforming Total consumer direct Home equity: Performing Nonperforming Total home equity (1) FICO AB refers to higher tiered loans with FICO scores greater than or equal to 720 at origination. (2) FICO CDE refers to loans with FICO scores less than 720 at origination and potentially higher risk. 
 97 

Table of Contents 
 Nonperforming Total FICO AB FICO CDE (2) Performing Nonperforming Total FICO CDE Total consumer mortgage Consumer indirect: Performing Nonperforming Total consumer indirect Consumer direct: Performing Nonperforming Total consumer direct Home equity: Performing Nonperforming Total home equity (1) FICO AB refers to higher tiered loans with FICO scores greater than or equal to 720 at origination. (2) FICO CDE refers to loans with FICO scores less than 720 at origination and potentially higher risk. Business lending loans greater than million that are on nonaccrual are individually assessed and, if necessary, a specific allocation of the allowance for credit losses is provided. A summary of individually assessed business lending loans as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 follows: Loans without allowance allocation Carrying balance Contractual balance Specifically allocated allowance The average carrying balance of individually assessed loans was million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. interest income was recognized on individually assessed loans for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 98 

Table of Contents 
 Consumer mortgage Consumer indirect Consumer direct Home equity Total December 31, 2021 Nonaccrual Accruing Total (000 s omitted) # Amount # Amount # Amount Business lending Consumer mortgage Consumer indirect Consumer direct Home equity Total 

December 31, 2020 Nonaccrual Accruing Total (000 s omitted) # Amount # Amount # Amount Business lending Consumer mortgage Consumer indirect Consumer direct Home equity Total 
 99 

Table of Contents 
 The following table presents information related to loans modified in a TDR during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. Of the loans noted in the table below, all consumer mortgage loans for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were modified due to a Chapter 7 bankruptcy as described previously. The financial effects of these restructurings were immaterial. Consumer mortgage Consumer indirect Consumer direct Home equity Total Allowance for Credit Losses The following presents by loan segment the activity in the allowance for credit losses during 2022, 2021 and 2020: ) ) Consumer mortgage ) Consumer indirect ) Consumer direct ) Home equity ) ) Unallocated Allowance for credit losses loans ) Liabilities for off-balance-sheet credit exposures Total allowance for credit losses ) 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 Beginning Charge- Ending (000 s omitted) balance offs Recoveries Provision balance Business lending ) ) Consumer mortgage ) ) Consumer indirect ) ) Consumer direct ) ) Home equity ) ) Unallocated Allowance for credit losses loans ) ) Liabilities for off-balance-sheet credit exposures ) Total allowance for credit losses ) ) 
 100 

Table of Contents 
 ) Consumer mortgage ) ) Consumer indirect ) ) Consumer direct ) ) Home equity ) ) Unallocated Acquired impaired ) Allowance for credit losses loans ) Liabilities for off-balance-sheet credit exposures Total allowance for credit losses ) The allowance for credit losses increased to million at December 31, 2022 compared to million at December 31, 2021, driven by organic loan growth and the Elmira acquisition, as well as weakening economic forecasts. Accrued interest receivable on loans, included in accrued interest and fees receivable on the consolidated statements of condition, totaled million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and is excluded from the estimate of credit losses and amortized cost basis of loans. Under ASU No. 2016-13, Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326) , also referred to as CECL, as adopted by the Company on January 1, 2020, the Company utilizes the historical loss rate on its loan portfolio as the initial basis for the estimate of credit losses using the cumulative loss, vintage loss and line loss methods which is derived from the Company s historical loss experience. Adjustments to historical loss experience were made for differences in current loan-specific risk characteristics and to address current period delinquencies, charge-off rates, risk ratings, lack of loan level data through an entire economic cycle, changes in loan sizes and underwriting standards as well as the addition of acquired loans which were not underwritten by the Company. The Company considered historical losses immediately prior, through and following the Great Recession of 2008 compared to the historical period used for modeling to adjust the historical information to account for longer-term expectations for loan credit performance. Under CECL, the Company is required to consider future economic conditions to determine current expected credit losses. Management selected an eight-quarter reasonable and supportable forecast period using a two-quarter lag adjustment for economic factors that are not dependent on collateral values, and no lag adjustment for factors that utilize collateral values, with a four-quarter reversion to the historical mean, to use as part of the economic forecast. Management determined that these qualitative adjustments were needed to adjust historical information for expected losses and to reflect changes as a result of current conditions. For qualitative macroeconomic adjustments, the Company uses third party forecasted economic data scenarios utilizing a base scenario and two alternative scenarios that are weighted, with forecasts available as of December 31, 2022. These forecasts were factored into the qualitative portion of the calculation of the estimated credit losses and include the impact of a decline in residential real estate and vehicle prices as well as inflation. The scenarios utilized forecast stable unemployment levels offset by deterioration in GDP growth, auto values, residential real estate and median household income, a result of inflationary pressures. Management developed expected loss estimates considering factors for segments as outlined below: Business lending non real estate: The Company selected projected unemployment and GDP as indicators of forecasted losses related to business lending and utilize both factors in an even weight for the calculation. The Company also considered delinquencies, the level of loan deferrals, risk rating changes, recent charge-off history and acquired loans as part of the estimation of credit losses. 
 101 

Table of Contents 
 Sales All purchases of loans were from the acquisition of Elmira. All sales of consumer mortgages during the year ended December 31, 2022 were sales of secondary market eligible residential mortgage loans. Bank premises Equipment Operating lease right-of-use assets Construction in progress Premises and equipment, gross Accumulated depreciation ) ) Premises and equipment, net As of December 31, 2022, the Company had million of premises and equipment held for sale, comprised of million of land and land improvements and million of bank premises, recorded in other assets in the consolidated statements of condition. 
 102 

Table of Contents 
 ) ) Other intangibles ) ) Total amortizing intangibles ) ) 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total Shown below are the components of the Company s goodwill at December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020: The Company performed a qualitative assessment for evaluating impairment of goodwill and other intangibles as of December 31, 2022, including assessments of macroeconomic conditions, industry and market considerations, cost factors, overall financial performance, other relevant entity-specific events and changes in share price. The results of the qualitative analysis indicated that there was goodwill impairment at December 31, 2022 and therefore a quantitative analysis was not necessary. During 2022, the Company also performed a quarterly analysis to determine if triggering events occurred that would necessitate an interim qualitative assessment of goodwill or other intangible impairment. No triggering events or impairment was noted during these interim analyses. During 2021, the Company performed quarterly qualitative analyses of goodwill impairment and performed a quantitative assessment of its banking and financial services businesses during the fourth quarter of 2021 by comparing the fair value of the reporting unit with its carrying amount. Results of the analyses indicate there was goodwill impairment in 2021. Mortgage Servicing Rights Under certain circumstances, the Company sells consumer residential mortgage loans in the secondary market and typically retains the right to service the loans sold. Generally, the Company s residential mortgage loans sold to third parties are sold on a non-recourse basis. Upon sale, a mortgage servicing right MSR is established, which represents the current fair value of future net cash flows expected to be realized for performing the servicing activities. The Company stratifies these assets based on predominant risk characteristics, namely expected term of the underlying financial instruments, and uses a valuation model that calculates the present value of future cash flows to determine the fair value of servicing rights. MSRs are recorded in other assets at the lower of the initial capitalized amount, net of accumulated amortization or fair value. Mortgage loans serviced for others are not included in the accompanying consolidated statements of condition. 
 103 

Table of Contents 
 Additions Acquisitions Amortization ) ) Carrying value before valuation allowance at end of period Valuation allowance balance at beginning of period ) Impairment charges ) ) Impairment recoveries Valuation allowance balance at end of period ) Net carrying value at end of period Fair value of MSRs at end of period Principal balance of mortgage loans sold during the year Principal balance of loans serviced for others Custodial escrow balances maintained in connection with loans serviced for others Weighted-average constant prepayment rate (CPR) Weighted-average discount rate Interest checking Savings Money market Time Total deposits Interest on savings Interest on money market Interest on time Total interest on deposits 
 104 

Table of Contents 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total and , respectively Securities sold under agreement to repurchase, short term Overnight borrowings Other FHLB borrowings, includes discount of and , respectively Total borrowings FHLB advances are collateralized by a blanket lien on the Company s residential real estate loan portfolio and various investment securities. January 17, 2023 February 8, 2023 July 3, 2023 October 23, 2023 January 29, 2024 January 7, 2025 January 29, 2025 February 28, 2025 October 1, 2025 March 1, 2027 February 28, 2028 March 1, 2029 Total The weighted-average interest rate on borrowings for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. The Bank has unused lines of credit of .0 million at December 31, 2022. The Bank has unused borrowing capacity of approximately billion through collateralized transactions with the FHLB and million through collateralized transactions with the Federal Reserve. 
 105 

Table of Contents 
 million. The Company previously sponsored Steuben Statutory Trust II SST II until September 15, 2020 when the Company exercised its right to redeem all of the SST II debentures and associated preferred securities for a total of million. The common stock of SST II was acquired in the Steuben acquisition. The trusts were formed for the purpose of issuing company-obligated mandatorily redeemable preferred securities to third-party investors and investing the proceeds from the sale of such preferred securities solely in junior subordinated debt securities of the Company. The debentures held by each trust were the sole assets of such trust. Distributions on the preferred securities issued by each trust were payable quarterly at a rate per annum equal to the interest rate being earned by the trust on the debentures held by that trust and were recorded as interest expense in the consolidated financial statements. The preferred securities were subject to mandatory redemption, in whole or in part, upon repayment of the debentures. The Company had entered into agreements which, taken collectively, fully and unconditionally guarantee the preferred securities subject to the terms of each of the guarantees. State and other Deferred: Federal ) State and other ) Provision for income taxes 
 106 

Table of Contents 
 Allowance for credit losses Employee benefits Operating lease liabilities Other, net Deferred tax asset Investment securities Goodwill and intangibles Operating lease right-of-use assets Loan origination costs Depreciation Mortgage servicing rights Pension Deferred tax liability Net deferred tax asset (liability) ) The Company has determined that no valuation allowance is necessary as it is more likely than not that the gross deferred tax assets will be realized through future reversals of existing temporary differences and through future taxable income. Increase (reduction) in taxes resulting from: Tax-exempt interest ) ) ) State income taxes, net of federal benefit Stock-based compensation ) ) ) Federal tax credits ) ) ) Other, net ) ) Effective income tax rate As of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, there was amount of material unrecognized tax benefits that would impact the Company s effective tax rate if recognized. It is reasonably possible that the amount of unrecognized tax benefits could change in the next twelve months as a result of various examinations and expiration of statutes of limitations on prior tax returns. The Company s policy is to recognize interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as part of income taxes in the consolidated statements of income. The accrued interest related to tax positions was immaterial. The Company s federal and state income tax returns are routinely subject to examination from various governmental taxing authorities. Such examinations may result in challenges to the tax return treatment applied by the Company to specific transactions. Management believes that the assumptions and judgment used to record tax-related assets or liabilities have been appropriate. Future examinations by taxing authorities of the Company s federal or state tax returns could have a material impact on the Company s results of operations. The Company s federal income tax returns for years after 2018 may still be examined by the Internal Revenue Service. New York State income tax returns for years after 2017 may still be examined by the New York Department of Taxation and Finance. The Company is currently under examination by the New York Department of Taxation and Finance in connection with tax years 2015 to 2017, and has not received notice of proposed adjustments. It is not possible to estimate if and when those examinations may be completed. 
 107 

Table of Contents 
 million in undivided profits legally available for the payment of dividends. In addition, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System FRB and the OCC are authorized to determine under certain circumstances that the payment of dividends would be an unsafe or unsound practice and to prohibit payment of such dividends. The FRB has indicated that banking organizations should generally pay dividends only out of current operating earnings. There are also statutory limits on the transfer of funds to the Company by its banking subsidiary, whether in the form of loans or other extensions of credit, investments or assets purchases. Such transfer by the Bank to the Company generally is limited in amount to of the Bank s capital and surplus, or in the aggregate. Furthermore, such loans and extensions of credit are required to be collateralized in specific amounts. 
 108 

Table of Contents 
 Service cost Interest cost Plan amendment / acquisition Participant contributions Deferred actuarial (gain)/loss ) ) ) ) Benefits paid ) ) ) ) Benefit obligation at end of year Change in plan assets: Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year Actual return of plan assets ) Participant contributions Employer contributions Plan acquisition Benefits paid ) ) ) ) Fair value of plan assets at end of year Over/(Under) funded status at year end ) ) Amounts recognized in the consolidated statement of condition were: Other assets Other liabilities ) ) ) ) Amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive loss/(income) AOCI were: Net loss Net prior service cost (credit) ) ) Pre-tax AOCI ) ) Taxes ) ) AOCI at year end ) ) The benefit obligation for the defined benefit pension plan was million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and the fair value of plan assets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was million and million, respectively. The defined benefit pension plan was amended effective December 31, 2022 to transfer certain obligations from the Company s non-qualified supplemental pension plan, deferred compensation plan and Restoration Plan (as defined below) into the qualified defined benefit pension plan. The Company has unfunded supplemental pension plans for certain key active and retired executives. The projected benefit obligation for the unfunded supplemental pension plan for certain key executives was million and million for 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company also has an unfunded stock balance plan for certain of its nonemployee directors. The projected benefit obligation for the unfunded stock balance plan was immaterial for 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 109 

Table of Contents 
 million for 2021. Effective December 31, 2009, the Company terminated its post-retirement medical program for current and future employees. Remaining plan participants will include only existing retirees as of December 31, 2010. This change was accounted for as a negative plan amendment and a million, net of income taxes, benefit for prior service was recognized in AOCI in 2009. This negative plan amendment is being amortized over the expected benefit utilization period of remaining plan participants. ) Net (gain) loss ) ) ) Total ) ) The weighted-average assumptions used to determine the benefit obligations as of December 31 are as follows: Expected return on plan assets N/A N/A Rate of compensation increase for 2023, for 2022, for 2024 + for 2023 + N/A N/A Interest crediting rates while employed, while employed, after termination after termination N/A N/A Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) Plan amendment ) ) Amortization of unrecognized net loss Amortization of prior service cost ) ) ) Net periodic (benefit) ) ) ) ) ) Prior service costs in which all or almost all of the plan s participants are fully eligible for benefits under the plan are amortized on a straight-line basis over the expected future working years of all active plan participants. Unrecognized gains or losses are amortized using the corridor approach , which is the minimum amortization required. Under the corridor approach, the net gain or loss in excess of percent of the greater of the projected benefit obligation or the market-related value of the assets is amortized on a straight-line basis over the expected future working years of all active plan participants. 
 110 

Table of Contents 
 Expected return on plan assets N/A N/A N/A Rate of compensation for 2022, increase for 2023 + N/A N/A N/A Interest crediting rates while employed, while employed, while employed, after termination after termination after termination N/A N/A N/A The amount of benefit payments that are expected to be paid over the next ten years are as follows: 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028-2032 The payments reflect future service and are based on various assumptions including retirement age and form of payment (lump-sum versus annuity). Actual results may differ from these estimates. The assumed discount rate is used to reflect the time value of future benefit obligations. The discount rate was determined based upon the yield on high-quality fixed income investments expected to be available during the period to maturity of the pension benefits. This rate is sensitive to changes in interest rates. A decrease in the discount rate would increase the Company s obligation and future expense while an increase would have the opposite effect. The expected long-term rate of return was estimated by taking into consideration asset allocation, long-term capital market assumptions, reviewing historical returns on the type of assets held and current economic factors. The mortality tables used to determine future benefit obligations under the plan as of December 31, 2021 were the sex-distinct Pri-2012 Mortality Tables for employees, healthy annuitants and contingent survivors, adjusted for mortality improvements using Scale MP-2021 mortality improvement scale on a generational basis. The appropriateness of the assumptions are reviewed annually. Plan Assets The investment objective for the defined benefit pension plan is to achieve an average annual total return over a five-year period equal to the assumed rate of return used in the actuarial calculations. At a minimum performance level, the portfolio should earn the return obtainable on high quality intermediate-term bonds. The Company s perspective regarding portfolio assets combines both preservation of capital and moderate risk-taking. Asset allocation favors fixed income securities, with a target allocation of approximately equity securities and fixed income securities and money market funds. Due to the volatility in the market, the target allocation is not always desirable and asset allocations will fluctuate between acceptable ranges. Prohibited transactions include purchase of securities on margin, uncovered call options, and short sale transactions. 
 111 

Table of Contents 
 Equity securities: U.S. large-cap U.S. mid/small cap CBU common stock International Other Fixed income securities: Government securities Investment grade bonds High yield (a) Other investments (b) Total (c) The fair values of the Company s defined benefit pension plan assets at December 31, 2021 by asset category are as follows: 

Quoted Prices in Active Significant Significant Markets for Observable Unobservable Identical Assets Inputs Inputs Asset category (000 s omitted) Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Cash equivalents Equity securities: U.S. large-cap U.S. mid/small cap CBU common stock International Other Fixed income securities: Government securities Investment grade bonds High yield (a) Other investments (b) Total (c) (a) (b) (c) million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 112 

Table of Contents 
 The valuation techniques used to measure fair value for the items in the table above are as follows: Money market funds - Managed portfolios, including commercial paper and other fixed income securities issued by U.S. and foreign corporations, asset-backed commercial paper, U.S. government securities, obligations of foreign governments and U.S. and foreign banks, which are valued at the closing price reported on the market on which the underlying securities are traded. Equity securities and other investments Mutual funds, equity securities and common stock of the Company which are valued at the quoted market price of shares held at year-end. Fixed income securities - U.S. Treasuries, municipal bonds and notes, government sponsored entities, and corporate debt valued at the closing price reported on the active market on which the individual securities are traded or for municipal bonds and notes based on quoted prices for similar assets in the active market. 
 The Company makes contributions to its funded qualified pension plan as required by government regulation or as deemed appropriate by management after considering the fair value of plan assets, expected return on such assets, and the value of the accumulated benefit obligation. The Company made a million and million contribution to its defined benefit pension plan in 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company funds the payment of benefit obligations for the supplemental pension and post-retirement plans because such plans do not hold assets for investment. 401(k) Employee Stock Ownership Plan The Company has a 401(k) Employee Stock Ownership Plan in which employees can contribute from to of eligible compensation, with the first being eligible for a matching contribution in the form of Company common stock and the next being eligible for a matching contributions in the form of Company common stock. The expense recognized under this plan for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million, and million, respectively. Effective January 1, 2010, the defined benefit pension plan was modified to a new plan design that includes an interest credit contribution to be made to the 401(k) plan. The expense recognized for this interest credit contribution for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 was million, million, and million, respectively. The Company acquired Fringe Benefits Design of Minnesota, Inc. 401(k) Profit Sharing Plan with the FBD acquisition and The Steuben Trust Company 401(k) Plan with the Steuben acquisition. Effective January 1, 2022 and January 1, 2021, the Fringe Benefits Design of Minnesota, Inc. 401(k) Profit Sharing Plan and the Steuben Trust Company 401(k) Plan were merged into and became part of the Community Bank System, Inc. 401(k) Employee Stock Ownership Plan, respectively. Other Deferred Compensation Arrangements In addition to the supplemental pension plans for certain executives, the Company has nonqualified deferred compensation arrangements for several former directors, officers and key employees. All benefits provided under these plans are unfunded and payments to plan participants are made by the Company. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has recorded a liability of million and million, respectively. The expense recognized under these plans for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 was approximately million, million, and million, respectively. 
 113 

Table of Contents 
 and shares credited to the participants accounts, for which a liability of million and million was accrued, respectively. The expense recognized under the plan for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, was million, million, and million, respectively. The Company acquired deferred compensation plans for certain non-employee directors and trustees of Merchants Bancshares, Inc. Merchants ). Under the terms of these acquired deferred compensation plans, participating directors could elect to have all, or a specified percentage, of their Merchants director s fees for a given year paid in the form of cash or deferred in the form of restricted shares of Merchants common stock. Directors who elected to have their compensation deferred were credited with a number of shares of Merchants common stock equal in value to the amount of fees deferred. These shares were converted to shares of Company stock in connection with the acquisition and are held in a rabbi trust. The shares held in the rabbi trust are considered outstanding for purposes of computing earnings per share. The participating director may not sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of these shares prior to distribution. With respect to shares of common stock issued or otherwise transferred to a participating director, the participating director has the right to receive dividends or other distributions thereon. shares, shares and shares respectively, for the grant of incentive stock options, nonqualified stock options, restricted stock awards, and retroactive stock appreciation rights. Effective May 18, 2022 a new plan was put in place that authorized shares of Company common stock for the same purpose. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has authorization to grant up to approximately .0 million additional shares of Company common stock for these instruments. Nonqualified Stock Options The Company recognized stock-based compensation expense related to non-qualified stock options of million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. A related income tax benefit was recognized of million, million and million for the 2022, 2021 and 2020 years, respectively. The nonqualified (offset) stock options in its Director s Stock Balance Plan vest and become exercisable immediately and expire after the date the director retires or in the event of death. The remaining options have a term, and vest and become exercisable on a grant-by-grant basis, ranging from immediate vesting to ratably over a period. 
 114 

Table of Contents 
 Granted Exercised ) Forfeited ) Outstanding at December 31, 2021 Granted Exercised ) Forfeited ) Outstanding at December 31, 2022 Exercisable at December 31, 2022 TOTAL The weighted-average remaining contractual term of outstanding and exercisable stock options at December 31, 2022 is years and years, respectively. The aggregate intrinsic value of outstanding and exercisable stock options at December 31, 2022 is million and million, respectively. 
 115 

Table of Contents 
 . This model was originally developed to estimate the fair value of exchange-traded equity options, which (unlike employee stock options) have no vesting period or transferability restrictions. As a result, the Black-Scholes model is not necessarily a precise indicator of the value of an option, but it is commonly used for this purpose. The Black-Scholes model requires several assumptions, which management developed based on historical trends and current market observations. Expected volatilities are based on historical volatilities of the Company s common stock. The Company uses historical data to estimate option exercise and post-vesting termination behavior. The expected term of options granted is based on historical data and represents the period of time that options granted are expected to be outstanding, which takes into account that the options are not transferable. The risk-free interest rate for the expected term of the option is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of the grant. Assumptions: Weighted-average expected life (in years) Future dividend yield Share price volatility Weighted-average risk-free interest rate Unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to non-vested stock options totaled million at December 31, 2022. The weighted-average period over which this unrecognized expense would be recognized is years. The total fair value of stock options vested during 2022, 2021, and 2020 were million, million and million, respectively. During the 12 months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, proceeds from stock option exercises totaled million and million, respectively, and the related tax benefits from exercise were approximately million and million, respectively. During the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, approximately million and million shares, respectively, were issued in connection with stock option exercises each year. The total intrinsic value of options exercised during 2022, 2021 and 2020 were million, million and million, respectively. Restricted Stock Awards Compensation expense is recognized over the vesting period of the awards based on the fair value of the Company s stock at grant date. The Company recognized stock-based compensation expense related to restricted stock vesting recognized in the income statement for 2022, 2021 and 2020 was approximately million, million and million, respectively. The fair value of restricted stock awards is based on the end-of-day share price of the Company s stock on the grant date. Restricted stock awards granted prior to 2022 vest ratably over a period and restricted stock awards granted in 2022 and thereafter vest ratably over a period. During the forfeiture period, shares that have not been forfeited have the right to vote and the right to receive dividends. 
 116 

Table of Contents 
 Awards Forfeitures ) Vestings ) Unvested at December 31, 2021 Awards Forfeitures ) Vestings ) Unvested at December 31, 2022 Unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to unvested restricted stock totaled million at December 31, 2022, which will be recognized as expense over the next three or according to the awards vesting schedule. The weighted-average period over which this unrecognized expense would be recognized is years. The total fair value of restricted stock vested during 2022, 2021, and 2020 were million, million and million, respectively. Performance Awards The long-term incentive program provides for the issuance of shares of performance award restricted stock to officers and key employees. There are sets of performance criteria based on the individual award; (1) based on the Company s cumulative Relative Total Shareholder Return TSR ranking compared to the constituents of the KBW Regional Bank Index, and continued employment weighted at ; and (2) Average Relative Return on Average Core Tangible Common Equity Core ROATCE Relative Total Performance Goal weighted at . Compensation expense is recognized over the vesting period of the awards based on the fair value of the stock at issue date. Management estimated the fair value of the stock granted under performance criteria (1) using the Monte Carlo Simulation and stock granted under performance criteria (2) using the grant date fair value. Performance shares cliff vest based on performance results for a period. Compensation cost is estimated based on the probability that the performance conditions will be achieved. As of December 31, 2022, the compensation cost is estimated at payout under the terms of the plan for the different performance sets. At each reporting period, the Company will reassess the likelihood of achieving the performance criteria and will adjust compensation expense as needed. The shares have voting rights. Upon vesting of the performance shares, any dividends declared during the vesting period will be paid based on the shares vested. Total shares issuable under the plan are at December 31, 2022 and all shares were issued in 2022. Awards Forfeitures ) Vestings ) Unvested at December 31, 2021 Awards Forfeitures ) Vestings ) Unvested at December 31, 2022 Unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to unvested performance restricted stock totaled million at December 31, 2022, which will be recognized as expense over the next . The weighted-average period over which this unrecognized expense would be recognized is 2.0 years . The total fair value of restricted stock vested during 2022, 2021, and 2020 were million, million and million, respectively. 
 117 

Table of Contents 
 million and million at December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, which were not included in the computation below. Income attributable to unvested stock-based compensation awards ) ) ) Income available to common shareholders Weighted-average common shares outstanding basic Basic earnings per share Net income Income attributable to unvested stock-based compensation awards ) ) ) Income available to common shareholders Weighted-average common shares outstanding Assumed exercise of stock options Weighted-average common shares outstanding diluted Diluted earnings per share Cash dividends declared per share Stock Repurchase Program At its December 2022 meeting, the Board approved a new stock repurchase program authorizing the repurchase, at the discretion of senior management, of up to shares of the Company s common stock, in accordance with securities and banking laws and regulations, during the twelve-month period starting January 1, 2023. Any repurchased shares will be used for general corporate purposes, including those related to stock plan activities. The timing and extent of repurchases will depend on market conditions and other corporate considerations as determined at the Company s discretion. At its December 2021 meeting, the Board approved a stock repurchase program authorizing the repurchase, at the discretion of senior management, of up to shares of the Company s common stock, in accordance with securities and banking laws and regulations, during the twelve-month period starting January 1, 2022. There were shares of treasury stock purchases made under this authorization in 2022. 
 118 

Table of Contents 
 Standby letters of credit Total The Company is typically required to maintain a reserve balance, as established by the FRB. Effective on March 26, 2020, the FRB reduced this cash reserve requirement to zero percent. As a result, the Company had required reserve as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company and its subsidiaries are subject in the normal course of business to various pending and threatened legal proceedings or other matters in which claims for monetary damages are asserted. As of December 31, 2022, management, after consultation with legal counsel, does not anticipate that the aggregate ultimate liability arising out of such pending or threatened matters against the Company or its subsidiaries will be material to the Company s consolidated financial position. On at least a quarterly basis, the Company assesses its liabilities and contingencies in connection with such matters. For those matters where it is probable that the Company will incur losses and the amounts of the losses can be reasonably estimated, the Company records an expense and corresponding liability in its consolidated financial statements. To the extent such matters could result in exposure in excess of that liability, the amount of such excess is not currently estimable. The range of reasonably possible losses for matters where an exposure is not currently estimable or considered probable, beyond the existing recorded liabilities, is believed to be between and million in the aggregate. This estimated range is based on information currently available to the Company and involves elements of judgment and significant uncertainties. The Company does not believe that the outcome of pending or threatened litigation or other matters will be material to the Company s consolidated financial position, it cannot rule out the possibility that such outcomes will be material to the consolidated results of operations for a particular reporting period in the future. The Company recorded million in litigation accrual in 2020 related to a settlement of a purported class action lawsuit regarding the Bank s deposit account terms and overdraft disclosures. The Company executed a settlement agreement with respect to the lawsuit in the fourth quarter of 2020 providing for a release of all claims asserted by class members in the action, and the Company does not anticipate that additional amounts will be accrued for this matter in future periods. Notice of the settlement terms was provided to all class members and no objections to the settlement were received prior to expiration of the notice period. The hearing for final Court approval of the settlement took place on August 25, 2021 and the settlement was approved for million which was paid in the third quarter of 2021, resulting in a million adjustment to the Company s litigation accrual. to . Options to extend the leases range from a single extension option of to multiple extension options for up to . Certain agreements include an option to terminate the lease within . 
 119 

Table of Contents 
 Variable lease cost Short-term lease cost (1) Total lease cost (1) Supplemental cash flow information related to leases is as follows: Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations: Operating leases Supplemental balance sheet information related to leases is as follows: Operating lease liabilities Weighted average remaining lease term Operating leases years years Weighted average discount rate Operating leases 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Less imputed interest ) Total 
 120 

Table of Contents 
 2023 2024 2025 2026 Thereafter Total lease payments Less imputed interest ) Total Included in the Company s operating leases are related party leases where BPAS-APS and OneGroup, subsidiaries of the Company, lease office space from 706 North Clinton, LLC 706 North Clinton ), an entity the Company holds a membership interest in through its subsidiary OPFC II. As of December 31, 2022, the operating lease right-of-use assets and operating lease liabilities associated with these related party leases total million and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2021, the operating lease right-of-use assets and operating lease liabilities associated with these related party leases total million and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the weighted average remaining lease term and weighted average discount rate for the Company s related party leases are years and , respectively. As of December 31, 2021, the weighted average remaining lease term and weighted average discount rate for the Company s related party leases are years and , respectively. 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Less imputed interest ) Total The maturities of the Company s related party lease liabilities as of December 31, 2021 are as follows: (000 s omitted) 706 North Clinton, LLC 2022 2023 2024 2025 2026 Thereafter Total lease payments Less imputed interest ) Total As of December 31, 2022, the Company has additional operating leases for office spaces that have not yet commenced with a weighted average lease term of years. Upon commencements, lease right-of-use assets and lease liabilities of approximately million will be recorded in the consolidated statements of condition. 
 121 

Table of Contents 
 for both 2022 and 2021. Therefore, to satisfy both the minimum risk-based capital ratios and the capital conservation buffer in 2022 and 2021, the Company and the Bank must maintain: (i) Common equity Tier 1 capital to total risk-weighted assets of at least , (ii) Tier 1 capital to total risk-weighted assets of at least , and (iii) Total capital (Tier 1 capital plus Tier 2 capital) to total risk-weighted assets of at least . As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the amounts, ratios and requirements for the Company are presented below. As of December 31, 2022, the OCC categorized the Company and Bank as well capitalized under the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action. Tier 1 risk-based capital Total risk-based capital Common equity tier 1 capital 2021 Tier 1 Leverage ratio Tier 1 risk-based capital Total risk-based capital Common equity tier 1 capital Community Bank, N.A.: 2022 Tier 1 Leverage ratio Tier 1 risk-based capital Total risk-based capital Common equity tier 1 capital 2021 Tier 1 Leverage ratio Tier 1 risk-based capital Total risk-based capital Common equity tier 1 capital 
 122 

Table of Contents 
 Investment securities Investment in and advances to: Bank subsidiary Non-bank subsidiaries Other assets Total assets Liabilities and shareholders equity: Accrued interest and other liabilities Borrowings Shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholders equity Non-bank subsidiaries Interest and dividends on investments Total revenues Expenses: Interest on borrowings Acquisition expenses Gain on debt extinguishment ) Other expenses Total expenses Income before tax benefit and equity in undistributed net income of subsidiaries Income tax benefit Income before equity in undistributed net income of subsidiaries Equity in undistributed net income of subsidiaries Net income Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax: Changes in other comprehensive (loss) income related to pension and other post retirement obligations ) Changes in other comprehensive (loss) income related to unrealized (losses) gains on investment securities ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) Comprehensive (loss) income ) 
 123 

Table of Contents 
 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities Equity in undistributed net income of subsidiaries ) ) ) Net change in other assets and other liabilities ) Net cash provided by operating activities Investing activities: Purchases of investment securities ) ) ) Cash paid for acquisitions, net of cash acquired of , , and , respectively ) (Capital contributions to)/Return of capital from ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Financing activities: Repayment of advances from subsidiaries ) ) ) Repayment of borrowings ) ) Issuance of common stock Purchase of treasury stock ) ) ) Sale of treasury stock Increase in deferred compensation arrangements Cash dividends paid ) ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) ) Change in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents at end of year Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: Cash paid for interest Supplemental disclosures of noncash financing activities: Dividends declared and unpaid Advances from subsidiaries Common stock issued for acquisition 
 124 

Table of Contents 
 transfers between any of the levels for the periods presented. Obligations of state and political subdivisions Government agency mortgage-backed securities Corporate debt securities Government agency collateralized mortgage obligations Total available-for-sale investment securities Equity securities Commitments to originate real estate loans for sale Forward sales commitments Interest rate swap agreements asset Interest rate swap agreements liability ) ) Total December 31, 2021 Total Fair (000 s omitted) Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Value Available-for-sale investment securities: U.S. Treasury and agency securities Obligations of state and political subdivisions Government agency mortgage-backed securities Corporate debt securities Government agency collateralized mortgage obligations Total available-for-sale investment securities Equity securities Commitments to originate real estate loans for sale Forward sales commitments Interest rate swap agreements asset Interest rate swap agreements liability ) ) Total The valuation techniques used to measure fair value for the items in the table above are as follows: Available for sale investment securities and equity securities The fair values of available-for-sale investment securities are based upon quoted prices, if available. If quoted prices are not available, fair values are measured using quoted market prices for similar securities or model-based valuation techniques. Level 1 securities include U.S. Treasury obligations and marketable equity securities that are traded by dealers or brokers in active over-the-counter markets. Level 2 securities include U.S. agency securities, mortgage-backed securities issued by government-sponsored entities, municipal securities and corporate debt securities that are valued by reference to prices for similar securities or through model-based techniques in which all significant inputs, such as reported trades, trade execution data, interest rate swap yield curves, market prepayment speeds, credit information, market spreads, and security s terms and conditions, are observable. See Note C for further disclosure of the fair value of investment securities. 
 125 

Table of Contents 
 Other real estate owned Mortgage servicing rights Contingent consideration ) ) ) ) Total ) ) Loans are generally not recorded at fair value on a recurring basis. Periodically, the Company records nonrecurring adjustments to the carrying value of loans based on fair value measurements for partial charge-offs of the uncollectible portions of those loans. Nonrecurring adjustments also include certain impairment amounts for collateral-dependent loans calculated when establishing the allowance for credit losses. Such amounts are generally based on the fair value of the underlying collateral supporting the loan and, as a result, the carrying value of the loan less the calculated valuation amount does not necessarily represent the fair value of the loan. Real estate collateral is typically valued using independent appraisals or other indications of value based on recent comparable sales of similar properties or assumptions generally observable in the marketplace, adjusted for non-observable inputs. Thus, the resulting nonrecurring fair value measurements are generally classified as Level 3. Estimates of fair value used for other collateral supporting commercial loans generally are based on assumptions not observable in the marketplace and, therefore, such valuations classify as Level 3. 
 126 

Table of Contents 
 to at December 31, 2022, and result in a Level 3 classification of the inputs for determining fair value. OREO is reviewed and evaluated on at least a quarterly basis for additional impairment and adjusted accordingly, based on the same factors identified above. The Company recovers the carrying value of OREO through the sale of the property. The ability to affect future sales prices is subject to market conditions and factors beyond the Company s control and may impact the estimated fair value of a property. Originated mortgage servicing rights are recorded at their fair value at the time of sale of the underlying loan, and are amortized in proportion to and over the estimated period of net servicing income. The fair value of mortgage servicing rights is based on a valuation model incorporating inputs that market participants would use in estimating future net servicing income. Such inputs include estimates of the cost of servicing loans, appropriate discount rate, and prepayment speeds and are considered to be unobservable and contribute to the Level 3 classification of mortgage servicing rights. In accordance with GAAP, the Company must record impairment charges, on a nonrecurring basis, when the carrying value of a stratum exceeds its estimated fair value. Impairment is recognized through a valuation allowance. There is a valuation allowance of approximately million at December 31, 2022. There was no valuation allowance at December 31, 2021. The Company has recorded contingent consideration liabilities that arise from acquisition activity. The contingent consideration is recorded at fair value at the date of acquisition. The valuation of contingent consideration is calculated using an income approach method, which provides an estimation of the fair value of an asset or liability based on future cash flows over a discrete projection period, discounted to present value using an appropriate rate of return. The assumptions used in the valuation calculation are based on significant unobservable inputs, therefore such valuations classify as Level 3. The Company evaluates goodwill for impairment on an annual basis, or more often if events or circumstances indicate there may be impairment. The fair value of each reporting unit is compared to the carrying amount of that reporting unit in order to determine if impairment is indicated. If so, the implied fair value of the reporting unit s goodwill is compared to its carrying amount and the impairment loss is measured by the excess of the carrying value of the goodwill over fair value of the goodwill. In such situations, the Company performs a discounted cash flow modeling technique that requires management to make estimates regarding the amount and timing of expected future cash flows of the assets and liabilities of the reporting unit that enable the Company to calculate the implied fair value of the goodwill. It also requires use of a discount rate that reflects the current return expectation of the market in relation to present risk-free interest rates, expected equity market premiums, peer volatility indicators and company-specific risk indicators. The Company did not recognize an impairment charge during 2022 or 2021. The Company determines fair values based on quoted market values, where available, estimates of present values, or other valuation techniques. Those techniques are significantly affected by the assumptions used, including, but not limited to, the discount rate and estimates of future cash flows. In that regard, the derived fair value estimates cannot be substantiated by comparison to independent markets and, in many cases, may not be realized in immediate settlement of the instrument. Fair value of collateral Estimated cost of disposal/market adjustment - Commitments to originate real estate loans for sale Discounted cash flow Embedded servicing value Mortgage servicing rights Discounted cash flow Weighted average constant prepayment rate - Weighted average discount rate - Adequate compensation /loan Contingent consideration ) Discounted cash flow Discount rate - Probability adjusted level of retained revenue million - million 
 127 

Table of Contents 
 Fair value of collateral Estimated cost of disposal/market adjustment - Other real estate owned Fair value of collateral Estimated cost of disposal/market adjustment - Commitments to originate real estate loans for sale Discounted cash flow Embedded servicing value Mortgage servicing rights Discounted cash flow Weighted average constant prepayment rate - Weighted average discount rate - Adequate compensation /loan Contingent consideration ) Discounted cash flow Discount rate - Probability adjusted level of retained revenue .0 million - million The significant unobservable inputs used in the determination of the fair value of assets classified as Level 3 have an inherent measurement uncertainty that if changed could result in higher or lower fair value measurements of these assets as of the reporting date. The weighted average of the estimated cost of disposal/market adjustment for individually assessed loans was calculated by dividing the total of the book value of the collateral of the individually assessed loans classified as Level 3 by the total of the fair value of the collateral of the individually assessed loans classified as Level 3. The weighted average of the estimated cost of disposal/market adjustment for other real estate owned was calculated by dividing the total of the differences between the appraisal values of the real estate and the book values of the real estate divided by the totals of the appraisal values of the real estate. The weighted average of the constant prepayment rate for mortgage servicing rights was calculated by adding the constant prepayment rates used in each loan pool weighted by the balance in each loan pool. The weighted average of the discount rate for mortgage servicing rights was calculated by adding the discount rates used in each loan pool weighted by the balance in each loan pool. The weighted average of the discount rate for the contingent consideration was calculated by adding the discount rates used for the calculation of the fair value of each payment of contingent consideration, weighted by the amount of the payment as part of the total fair value of contingent consideration. Certain financial instruments and all nonfinancial instruments are excluded from fair value disclosure requirements. Accordingly, the aggregate fair value amounts presented do not represent the underlying value of the Company. The carrying amounts and estimated fair values of the Company s other financial instruments that are not accounted for at fair value at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 are as follows: Held-to-maturity securities Financial liabilities: Deposits Overnight borrowings Securities sold under agreement to repurchase, short-term Other Federal Home Loan Bank borrowings Subordinated notes payable The following is a further description of the principal valuation methods used by the Company to estimate the fair values of its financial instruments. Loans have been classified as a Level 3 valuation. Fair values for variable rate loans that reprice frequently are based on carrying values. Fair values for fixed rate loans are estimated using discounted cash flows and interest rates currently being offered for loans with similar terms to borrowers of similar credit quality. Held-to-maturity securities have been classified as a Level 1 valuation. The fair values of held-to-maturity investment securities are based upon quoted prices, if available. If quoted prices are not available, fair values are measured using quoted market prices for similar securities or model-based valuation techniques. 
 128 

Table of Contents 
 membership interest in 706 North Clinton, an entity formed for the purpose of acquiring and rehabilitating real property. The real property held by 706 North Clinton is principally occupied by subsidiaries of the Company. The Company analyzed the operating agreement and capital structure of 706 North Clinton and determined that it was the primary beneficiary and therefore should consolidate 706 North Clinton in its financial statements. This conclusion was based on the determination that the Company has a de facto agency relationship because of the financing arrangement between the other member of 706 North Clinton and the Bank which provides OPFC II with both the power to direct the activities of 706 North Clinton and the obligation to absorb any losses of 706 North Clinton. Premises and equipment, net Other assets Total assets Accrued interest and other liabilities / Total liabilities In addition to the assets and liabilities of 706 North Clinton, the minority interest in 706 North Clinton of million at December 31, 2022 is included in the Company s consolidated statements of condition. The creditors of 706 North Clinton do not have a claim on the general assets of the Company. The Company s maximum loss exposure net of minority interest in 706 North Clinton is approximately million as of December 31, 2022, including a million loss exposure related to the financing agreement between the other member of 706 North Clinton and the Bank. 
 129 

Table of Contents 
 Provision for credit losses Noninterest revenue ) Amortization of intangible assets Acquisition expenses Acquisition-related contingent consideration adjustment ) ) Other operating expenses ) Income before income taxes Assets ) Goodwill Core deposit intangibles Other intangibles 2021 Net interest income Provision for credit losses ) ) Noninterest revenue ) Amortization of intangible assets Acquisition expenses Acquisition-related contingent consideration adjustment Other operating expenses ) Income before income taxes Assets ) Goodwill Core deposit intangibles Other intangibles 2020 Net interest income Provision for credit losses Noninterest revenue ) Amortization of intangible assets Acquisition expenses Other operating expenses ) Income before income taxes Assets ) Goodwill Core deposit intangibles Other intangibles 
 130 

Table of Contents 
 million in book value of its lower-yielding available-for-sale debt securities as part of a balance sheet repositioning. The sale resulted in a pre-tax realized loss of approximately million, and the proceeds of million were redeployed towards paying off existing wholesale borrowings. The balance sheet repositioning is a non-recognized subsequent event and will be reflected in the first quarter 2023 consolidated financial statements. 
 131 

Table of Contents 
 Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on our evaluation, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. The consolidated financial statements of the Company have been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm that was engaged to express an opinion as to the fairness of presentation of such financial statements. PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP was also engaged to audit the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. The report of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP follows this report. Community Bank System, Inc. By: /s/ Mark E. Tryniski Mark E. Tryniski, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director By: /s/ Joseph E. Sutaris Joseph E. Sutaris, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer 
 132 

Table of Contents 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Community Bank System, Inc. Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of condition of Community Bank System, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of income, of comprehensive income, of changes in shareholders equity and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). We also have audited the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. Change in Accounting Principle As discussed in Note D to the consolidated financial statements, the Company changed the manner in which it accounts for the allowance for credit losses as of January 1, 2020. Basis for Opinions The Company s management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company s consolidated financial statements and on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 133 

Table of Contents 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Critical Audit Matters The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. Allowance for Credit Losses Qualitative Macroeconomic Adjustment for Consumer Mortgages As described in Notes A and D to the consolidated financial statements, management estimates the allowance for credit losses using relevant available information, from internal and external sources, relating to past events, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts. As of December 31, 2022, the allowance for credit losses for consumer mortgages was 14.3 million on consumer mortgages of 3.0 billion. Historical credit loss experience provides the basis for the estimation of expected credit losses. Adjustments are made for differences in current loan-specific risk characteristics such as differences in underwriting standards, portfolio mix, acquired loans, delinquency level, risk ratings or term of loans as well as changes in macroeconomic conditions, such as changes in unemployment rates, property values such as home prices, commercial real estate prices and automobile prices, gross domestic product, and other relevant factors. For qualitative macroeconomic adjustments, management uses third party forecasted economic data scenarios utilizing a base scenario and two alternative scenarios. The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the qualitative macroeconomic adjustment to the allowance for credit losses for consumer mortgages is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management in determining the macroeconomic qualitative adjustment for consumer mortgages, which led to a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures and evaluating related evidence; and (ii) the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the Company s allowance for credit losses estimation process, including controls over the qualitative macroeconomic adjustment for consumer mortgages. These procedures also included, among others, testing management s process for determining the qualitative macroeconomic adjustment to the allowance for credit losses for consumer mortgages, including evaluating the appropriateness of management s methodology and testing data used in the qualitative macroeconomic adjustment for consumer mortgages. Professionals with specialized skill and knowledge were used to assist in evaluating the reasonableness of the qualitative macroeconomic adjustments. /s/ Buffalo, March 1, 2023 We have served as the Company s auditor since 1984. 
 134 

Table of Contents 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure None Item 9A. Controls and Procedures Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures The Company maintains disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rule 13a -15(e) and 15d 15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, designed to: (i) record, process, summarize, and report within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and (ii) accumulate and communicate to management, including the principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding disclosure. Based on evaluation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures, with the participation of the Chief Executive Officer CEO and the Chief Financial Officer CFO ), the CEO and CFO have concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, these disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022. Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting Management s annual report on internal control over financial reporting is included under the heading Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting at Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Report of the Registered Public Accounting Firm The report of the Company s registered public accounting firm is included under the heading Report of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm at Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting The Company continually assesses the adequacy of its internal control over financial reporting and enhances its controls in response to internal control assessments, and internal and external audit and regulatory recommendations. No change in internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate due to changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Item 9B. Other Information None Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections None Part III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance The information required to be furnished by this Item 10 pursuant to Items 401, 405, 406 and 407(c)(3), (d)(4) and (d)(5) of Regulation S-K will be included in the Company s Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, to be filed with the SEC on or about March 27, 2023 (the Proxy Statement ). The information concerning the Company s Directors will appear under the caption Director Nominee Qualifications and Experience in the Proxy Statement. The information concerning the Company s Code of Ethics will appear under the caption Code of Ethics in the Proxy Statement. The information regarding the Company s Audit Committee and the Audit Committee Financial Expert will appear under the caption Audit Committee Report. The information regarding compliance with Section 16(a) will appear under the caption Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports. Such information is incorporated herein by reference. The information concerning the Company s executive officers is presented under the Information about our Executive Officers section of Item 1 contained in Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 135 

Table of Contents 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation The information required by this Item 11 is incorporated herein by reference to the sections entitled Compensation Discussion and Analysis, Compensation Committee Report, Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation, and Executive Compensation Disclosure Tables in the Company s Proxy Statement. Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters The information required by Item 403 of Regulation S-K is incorporated herein by reference to the section entitled Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners, Directors and Executive Officers in the Company s Proxy Statement. The information required by Item 201(d) of Regulation S-K concerning equity compensation plans is presented under the caption Equity Compensation Plan Information on page 30 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence The information required by this Item 13 is incorporated herein by reference to the sections entitled Director Independence and Related Persons Transactions in the Company s Proxy Statement. Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services The information required by this Item 14 is incorporated herein by reference to the section entitled Fees Paid to PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP in the Company s Proxy Statement. Part IV Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules (a) Documents filed as part of this report (1) All financial statements . The following consolidated financial statements of Community Bank System, Inc. and subsidiaries are included in Item 8: 
 - Consolidated Statements of Condition, December 31, 2022 and 2021 - Consolidated Statements of Income, Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 - Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 - Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity, Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 - Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 - Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, December 31, 2022 - Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 136 

Table of Contents 
 (2) Financial statement schedules . Schedules are omitted since the required information is either not applicable or shown elsewhere in the financial statements. (3) Exhibits . The exhibits filed as part of this report and exhibits incorporated herein by reference to other documents are listed below: 

2.1 Assignment, Purchase and Assumption Agreement, dated as of January 19, 2012, by and among Community Bank, N.A. and First Niagara Bank, N.A. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 20, 2012 (Registration No. 001-13695). 2.2 Purchase and Assumption Agreement, dated as of January 19, 2012, by and among Community Bank, N.A. and First Niagara Bank, N.A. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 20, 2012 (Registration No. 001-13695). 2.3 Assignment, Purchase and Assumption Agreement, dated as of January 19, 2012, by and between Community Bank, N.A. and First Niagara Bank, N.A., as amended as restated as of July 19, 2012. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 99.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 24, 2012 (Registration No. 001-13695). 2.4 Amendment No. 1 to Purchase and Assumption Agreement, dated as of September 6, 2012, by and among Community Bank, N.A. and First Niagara Bank, N.A. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 13, 2012 (Registration No. 001-13695). 2.5 Purchase and Assumption Agreement, dated as of July 23, 2013, by and between Community Bank, N.A. and Bank of America, N.A. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 26, 2013 (Registration No. 001-13695). 2.6 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of February 24, 2015, by and between Community Bank System, Inc. and Oneida Financial Corp. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 25, 2015 (Registration No. 001-13695). 2.7 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of October 22, 2016, by and between Community Bank System, Inc. and Merchants Bancshares, Inc. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 27, 2016 (Registration No. 001-13695). 2.8 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of December 2, 2016, by and among Community Bank System, Inc., Northeast Retirement Services, Inc., Cohiba Merger Sub, LLC and Shareholder Representative Services LLC. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 8, 2016 (Registration No. 001-13695). 2.9 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of January 21, 2019, by and among Community Bank System, Inc., VB Merger Sub Inc., and Kinderhook Bank Corp. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 25, 2019 (Registration No. 001-13695). 2.10 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of October 18, 2019, by and between Community Bank System, Inc. and Steuben Trust Corporation. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 24, 2019 (Registration No. 001-13695). 2.11 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of October 3, 2021, by and between Community Bank, N.A., Eagle Merger Sub Inc. and Elmira Savings Bank. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 7, 2021 (Registration No. 001-13695). 3.1 Certificate of Incorporation of Community Bank System, Inc., as amended. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 3.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed on October 20, 2000 (Registration No. 333-48374). 
 137 

Table of Contents 
 3.2 Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation of Community Bank System, Inc. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 3.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 7, 2004 (Registration No. 001-13695). 3.3 Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation of Community Bank System, Inc. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 3.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 9, 2013 (Registration No. 001-13695). 3.4 Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation, dated May 20, 2020. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 3.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 22, 2020 (Registration No. 001-13695). 3.5 Amended and Restated Bylaws, dated December 14, 2022. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 3.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 19, 2022 (Registration No. 001-13695) 4.1 Form of Common Stock Certificate. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 4.1 to the Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-3 filed on September 29, 2008 (Registration No. 333-153403). 4.2 Registration Rights Agreement, dated February 3, 2017, by and among Community Bank System, Inc. and the individuals and entities set forth on Schedule 1 thereto. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 10.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-3 filed on February 3, 2017 (Registration No. 333-215894). 4.3 Form of Replacement Organizers Warrant to purchase Community Bank System, Inc. Common Stock. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 18, 2017 (Registration No. 001-13695). (2) 4.4 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 12, 2017, by and among Wilmington Trust Company, Community Bank System, Inc., and Merchants Bancshares, Inc. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 4.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 18, 2017 (Registration No. 001-13695). (2) 4.5 Description of Community Bank System, Inc. s securities registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act. (1) 10.1 Employment Agreement, dated as of January 4, 2021, by and between Community Bank System, Inc., Community Bank, N.A., and Mark E. Tryniski. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 6, 2021 (Registration No. 001-13695). (2) 10.2 Supplemental Retirement Plan Agreement, effective as of December 31, 2008, by and among Community Bank, N.A., Community Bank System, Inc., and Mark E. Tryniski. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 19, 2009 (Registration No. 001-13695). (2) 10.3 Amendment to Supplemental Retirement Plan Agreement, dated January 5, 2018, by and among Community Bank System, Inc., Community Bank, N.A. and Mark E. Tryniski. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 5, 2018 (Registration No. 001-13695). (2) 10.4 Employment Agreement, dated December 31, 2019, by and among Community Bank System, Inc., Community Bank, N.A. and Scott A. Kingsley. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 7, 2020 (Registration No. 001-13695). (2) 10.5 Supplemental Retirement Plan Agreement, effective September 29, 2009, by and between Community Bank System Inc., Community Bank, N.A., and Scott Kingsley. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 1, 2009 (Registration No. 001-13695). (2) 10.6 Retirement and Release Agreement, dated March 13, 2020, by and among Community Bank System, Inc., Community Bank, N.A. and Scott A. Kingsley. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 19, 2020 (Registration No. 001-13695). (2) 
 138 

Table of Contents 
 10.7 Supplemental Retirement Plan Agreement, dated as of October 18, 2013, by and between Community Bank System Inc., Community Bank, N.A., and Brian D. Donahue. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 23, 2013 (Registration No. 001-13695). (2) 10.8 Employment Agreement, dated December 31, 2019, by and among Community Bank System, Inc., Community Bank, N.A. and George J. Getman. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 7, 2020 (Registration No. 001-13695). (2) 10.9 Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated April 28, 2022, by and among Community Bank System, Inc., Community Bank, N.A. and George J. Getman. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 29, 2022 (Registration No. 001-13695). (2) 10.10 Supplemental Retirement Plan Agreement, dated as of October 18, 2013, by and among Community Bank System, Inc., Community Bank, N.A., and George J. Getman. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 23, 2013 (Registration No. 001-13695). (2) 10.11 Employment Agreement, dated as of January 5, 2022, by and among Community Bank System, Inc., Community Bank N.A., and Joseph F. Serbun. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 6, 2022 (Registration No. 001-13695). (2) 10.12 Retirement Agreement, dated August 24, 2022, by and among Community Bank System, Inc., Community Bank, N.A., and Joseph F. Serbun. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 26, 2022 (Registration No. 001-13695). (2) 10.13 Employment Agreement, dated as of January 4, 2021, by and between Community Bank System, Inc., Community Bank, N.A., and Joseph E. Sutaris. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 6, 2021 (Registration No. 001-13695). (2) 10.14 Employment Agreement, dated March 22, 2021, by and among Community Bank System, Inc., Community Bank, N.A. and Dimitar Karaivanov. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 10.2 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May10, 2022 (Registration No. 001-13695). (2) 10.15 Amendment to Employment Agreement, effective August 24, 2022, by and among Community Bank System, Inc., Community Bank, N.A., and Dimitar Karaivanov. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 26, 2022 (Registration No. 001-13695). (2) 10.16 Pre-2005 Supplemental Retirement Agreement, effective December 31, 2004, by and between Community Bank System, Inc., Community Bank, N.A., and Sanford Belden. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 10.3 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 15, 2005 (Registration No. 001-13695). (2) 10.17 Post-2004 Supplemental Retirement Agreement, effective January 1, 2005, by and between Community Bank System, Inc., Community Bank, N.A., and Sanford Belden. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 10.2 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 15, 2005 (Registration No. 001-13695). (2) 10.18 Supplemental Retirement Plan Agreement, effective March 26, 2003, by and between Community Bank System Inc. and Thomas McCullough. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 10.11 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 12, 2004 (Registration No. 001-13695). (2) 10.19 2004 Long-Term Incentive Compensation Program, as amended. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 99.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed on December 19, 2012 (Registration No. 001-13695). (2) 10.20 2014 Long-Term Incentive Plan, as amended. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 2, 2017 (Registration No. 001-13695). (2) 
 139 

Table of Contents 
 10.21 Community Bank System, Inc. 2022 Long-Term Incentive Plan, as amended. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 6, 2022 (Registration No. 001-13695). (2) 10.22 Stock Balance Plan for Directors, as amended. Incorporated by reference to Annex I to the Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed on March 31, 1998 (Registration No. 001-13695). (2) 10.23 Community Bank System, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan for Directors. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 99.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed on June 30, 2017 (Registration No. 333-219098). (2) 10.24 Community Bank System, Inc. Pension Plan Amended and Restated as of January 1, 2004. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 10.27 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 15, 2005 (Registration No. 001-13695). (2) 10.25 Amendment #1 to the Community Bank System, Inc. Pension Plan, as amended and restated as of January 1, 2004 Plan ). Incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 10.27 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 15, 2005 (Registration No. 001-13695). (2) 10.26 Community Bank System, Inc. 401(k) Employee Stock Ownership Plan, dated as of December 20, 2011. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to the Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed on December 20, 2013 (Registration No. 001-13695). (2) 10.27 Merchants Bancshares, Inc. and Subsidiaries Amended and Restated 1996 Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Merchants Bancshares, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on March 15, 2011. (2) 10.28 Merchants Bancshares, Inc. and Subsidiaries Amended and Restated 2008 Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors and Trustees. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Merchants Bancshares, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on March 15, 2011. (2) 10.29 Merchants Bank Amended and Restated Deferred Compensation Plan for Directors. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to Merchants Bancshares, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on March 15, 2011. (2) 10.30 Merchants Bank Salary Continuation Plan. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to Merchants Bancshares, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on March 15, 2011. (2) 10.31 Community Bank System, Inc. Restoration Plan, effective June 1, 2018. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 10.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 21, 2018 (Registration No. 001-13695). (2) 21.1 Subsidiaries of Registrant. (1) 23.1 Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. (1) 31.1 Certification of Mark E. Tryniski, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Registrant, pursuant to Rule 13a-15(e) or Rule 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. (1) 31.2 Certification of Joseph E. Sutaris, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer of the Registrant, pursuant to Rule 13a-15(e) or Rule 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. (1) 32.1 Certification of Mark E. Tryniski, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Registrant, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. (3) 
 140 

Table of Contents 
 32.2 Certification of Joseph E. Sutaris, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer of the Registrant, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. (3) 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. (1) 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document (1) 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document (1) 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document (1) 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document (1) 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document (1) 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) (1) (1) Filed herewith. (2) Denotes management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. (3) Furnished herewith. 
 B. Not applicable. C. Not applicable. Item 16. Form 10-K Summary None 
 141 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. COMMUNITY BANK SYSTEM, INC. By: /s/ Mark E. Tryniski Mark E. Tryniski President and Chief Executive Officer March 1, 2023 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated on the 1 st day of March 2023. By: /s/ Mark E. Tryniski Mark E. Tryniski President, Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) By: /s/ Joseph E. Sutaris Joseph E. Sutaris Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) Directors: /s/ Brian R. Ace /s/ John Parente Brian R. Ace, Director John Parente, Director /s/ Mark J. Bolus /s/ Raymond C. Pecor, III Mark J. Bolus, Director Raymond C. Pecor, III, Director /s/ Jeffrey L. Davis /s/ Susan E. Skerritt Jeffrey L. Davis, Director Susan E. Skerritt, Director /s/ Neil E. Fesette /s/ Sally A. Steele Neil E. Fesette, Director Sally A. Steele, Director /s/ Jeffery J. Knauss /s/ Eric E. Stickels Jeffery J. Knauss, Director Eric E. Stickels, Director and Chair of the Board of Directors /s/ Kerrie D. MacPherson /s/ John F. Whipple, Jr. Kerrie D. MacPherson, Director John F. Whipple Jr., Director 
 142 

<EX-4.5>
 2
 cbu-20221231xex4d5.htm
 EX-4.5

Exhibit 4.5 DESCRIPTION OF COMMUNITY BANK SYSTEM, INC. S SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 As of December 31, 2022, Community Bank System, Inc. (the Company or our had one class of securities, our common stock, par value 1.00 per share Common Stock ), registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The Common Stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol CBU. The following description of the Company s capital stock is a summary and subject to, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation, as amended (the Charter ), and our By-laws, as amended (the By-laws ), copies of which are incorporated by reference as Exhibits 3.1 through 3.5 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of which this Exhibit 4.5 is a part. We encourage you to read our Charter, our By-laws and the applicable provisions of Delaware General Corporation Law for additional information. DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK Authorized Capital Stock . The total number of shares of capital stock authorized by the Charter is 75,500,000 shares, consisting of 75,000,000 shares of Common Stock and 500,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 1.00 per share. As of the date of this Exhibit, there were no shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding. Voting Rights . The holders of Common Stock are entitled to one vote per share on all matters to be voted on by the shareholders. No shareholders have cumulative voting rights in the election of directors. Dividends . The Company may pay dividends as declared from time to time by the Board of Directors (the Board out of funds legally available for dividends, subject to certain restrictions. The holders of the Company s Common Stock will be entitled to receive any dividends on the Common Stock in proportion to their holdings. Rights in Liquidation . In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, each holder of Common Stock would be entitled to receive, after payment of all debts and liabilities of the Company and after any required distribution to holders of any issued and outstanding preferred stock, a pro rata portion of all remaining assets of the Company. No Preemptive Rights; No Redemption . Holders of shares of Common Stock are not entitled to preemptive rights with respect to any shares of any capital stock of the Company that may be issued. The Company s Common Stock is not subject to call or redemption. Certain Charter and By-laws Provisions. There are provisions in the Company s Charter and By-laws which are intended to discourage non-negotiated takeover attempts. These provisions are intended to avoid costly takeover battles and lessen the Company s exposure to coercive takeover attempts at an unfair price, and are designed to maximize shareholder value in connection with unsolicited takeover attempts. The Company s Charter authorizes the Board to issue, without further shareholder approval, up to 500,000 shares of preferred stock with rights senior to those of our Common Stock, except as may be required with respect to a particular transaction by applicable law or by regulatory agencies having jurisdiction over the Company. The Board of the Company is permitted to establish from time to time the relative rights, designations, preferences and limitations or restrictions of the preferred stock. The preferred stock could be used to deter future attempts to gain control of the Company. In addition, the Company s Charter contains a provision which requires that certain business combinations be approved by the affirmative vote of either (a) the holders of three-fourths of the outstanding shares of Common Stock and a majority of the Board; or (b) the holders of two-thirds of the outstanding shares of Common Stock and two-thirds of the continuing Directors. These supermajority requirements could result in the Company s Board exercising a stronger influence over any proposed takeover (subject to its fiduciary duties) by refusing to approve a proposed business combination and by obtaining sufficient additional votes, including votes obtained through the issuance of additional shares to parties friendly to their interests, to preclude the two-thirds or three-fourths shareholder approval requirement. 

 The Company s Charter also provides that the above described provisions designed to protect the Company from unfriendly takeover attempts can only be amended by the affirmative vote of (a) holders of at least three-fourths of the outstanding shares of Common Stock and a majority of the Board of Directors, or (b) holders of at least two-thirds of the outstanding shares of Common Stock and two-thirds of the continuing directors. Under the Charter, the shareholders of the Company are prohibited from approving corporate actions by a written consent in lieu of a meeting. Instead, any corporate action to be approved by the Company s shareholders must be so approved at a shareholders meeting. 

</EX-4.5>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 cbu-20221231xex21d1.htm
 EX-21.1

Exhibit 21.1 Subsidiaries of Registrant As of December 31, 2022 

Name Jurisdiction of Incorporation Benefit Plans Administrative Services, Inc. New York Benefit Plans Administrative Services, LLC New York BPAS Actuarial and Pension Services, LLC New York BPAS Trust Company of Puerto Rico Puerto Rico CBNA Preferred Funding Corp. Delaware CBNA Treasury Management Corporation New York Community Bank, N.A. Federally Chartered Community Investment Services, Inc. New York Emerald Necklace Ventures, LLC New York ESB Advisory Services, Inc. New York E. S. B. Realty Corp. New York Fringe Benefits Design of Minnesota, Inc. Minnesota Global Trust Company, Inc. Maine Gordon B. Roberts Agency, LLC New York Hand Benefits Trust Company Texas Hand Securities, Inc. Texas Kinderhook Holdings, Inc. New York Northeast Retirement Services, LLC Delaware Nottingham Advisors, Inc. Delaware OneGroup NY, Inc. New York OneGroup Wealth Partners, Inc. New York Oneida Preferred Funding II, LLC New York The Carta Group, Inc. New York 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 cbu-20221231xex23d1.htm
 EX-23.1

Exhibit 23.1 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (Nos. 333-119590, 333-119887, 333-185556, 333-221190 and 333-266241) of Community Bank System, Inc. of our report dated March 1, 2023 relating to the financial statements and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which appears in this Form 10-K. /s/PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP Buffalo, New York March 1, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 cbu-20221231xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 31.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Mark E. Tryniski, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Community Bank System, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: March 1, 2023 /s/ Mark E. Tryniski Mark E. Tryniski, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 cbu-20221231xex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 31.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Joseph E. Sutaris, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Community Bank System, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: March 1, 2023 /s/ Joseph E. Sutaris Joseph E. Sutaris, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 cbu-20221231xex32d1.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of Community Bank System, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Mark E. Tryniski, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge: (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. /s/ Mark E. Tryniski Mark E. Tryniski, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director March 1, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 cbu-20221231xex32d2.htm
 EX-32.2

Exhibit 32.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of Community Bank System, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Joseph E. Sutaris, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge: (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. /s/ Joseph E. Sutaris Joseph E. Sutaris, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer March 1, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 cbu-20221231.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 cbu-20221231_cal.xml
 EX-101.CAL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 cbu-20221231_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 cbu-20221231_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 cbu-20221231_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

