<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230127_10-K_edgar_data_926844_0001829126-23-001055.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1994606</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>91335</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>407367</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>579250</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>406545</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>465063</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001829126-23-001055.hdr.sgml : 20230127
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230127121237
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001829126-23-001055
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		34
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221031
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230127
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230127

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Fuss Brands Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000926844
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				841273503
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1031

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34808
		FILM NUMBER:		23560890

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		80 BROAD STREET
		STREET 2:		5TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10004
		BUSINESS PHONE:		917-720-3366

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		80 BROAD STREET
		STREET 2:		5TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10004

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	China Botanic Pharmaceutical
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20101202

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	RENHUANG PHARMACEUTICALS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20060816

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ANZA CAPITAL INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20020521

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001829126-23-001055.txt : 20230127

10-K
 1
 fussbrands_10k.htm
 10-K

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 2022 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from _________ to _________ 

COMMISSION
FILE NO. 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
or other jurisdiction of incorporation) 

6770 

 (Primary
Standard Industrial Classification Code Number) 

(IRS
Employer Identification No.) 

, 

 - 

 (Address
and telephone number of registrant s executive office) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 
 
 None 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: Common Stock 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for shorter period that the registrant as required to file such reports), and (2) has
been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405
of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was
required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be
contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part
III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. Yes No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company,
or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by checkmark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant, as of April 30, 2022,
the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was approximately based on
a closing price of 0.78 as of such date. Solely for purposes of this disclosure, shares of common stock held by executive officers,
directors, and beneficial holders of 10 or more of the outstanding common stock of the registrant as of such date have been excluded
because such persons may be deemed to be affiliates. 

As
of January 27, 2023 the Registrant had shares of common stock issued and outstanding. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

PART
 I 

Item 1 
 Description
 of Business 
 
 1 

Item 1A 
 Risk
 Factors 
 
 3 

Item 1B 
 Unresolved
 Staff Comments 
 
 11 

Item 2 
 Properties 
 
 11 

Item 3 
 Legal
 Proceedings 
 
 11 

Item 4 
 Mine
 Safety Disclosures 
 
 11 

PART
 II 

Item 5 
 Market
 for Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 12 

Item 6 
 Selected
 Financial Data 
 
 12 

Item 7 
 Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 13 

Item 7A 
 Quantitative
 and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 14 

Item 8 
 Financial
 Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 F-1 

Item 9 
 Changes
 in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 15 

Item 9A 
 Controls
 and Procedures 
 
 15 

Item 9B 
 Other
 Information 
 
 16 

PART
 III 

Item 10 
 Directors,
 Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 
 
 17 

Item 11 
 Executive
 Compensation 
 
 18 

Item 12 
 Security
 Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 19 

Item 13 
 Certain
 Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 19 

Item 14 
 Principal
 Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 20 

PART
 IV 

Item 15 
 Exhibits
 and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 21 

i 

PART
I 

ITEM 1.
DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS 

As
used in this annual report, the terms, we , our , us and the Company refer to Fuss
Brands Corp. a Nevada corporation unless the context requires otherwise. 

Cautionary
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This
report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements
regarding our ability to locate and acquire an operating business and the resources and efforts we intend to dedicate to such an endeavor,
our development of a viable business plan and commencement of operations, and our ability to locate sources of capital necessary to commence
operations or otherwise meet our business needs and objectives. All statements other than statements of historical facts contained in
this report, including statements regarding our future financial position, liquidity, business strategy, and plans and objectives of
management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. The words believe, may, estimate, 
 continue, anticipate, intend, should, plan, could, 
 target, potential, is likely, will, expect and similar expressions,
as they relate to us, are intended to identify forward-looking statements. We have based these forward-looking statements largely on
our current expectations and projections about future events and financial trends that we believe may affect our financial condition,
results of operations, business strategy, and financial needs. 

The
results anticipated by any or all of these forward-looking statements might not occur. Important factors, uncertainties, and risks that
may cause actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements include those described in Item 1A. 
Risk Factors. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as the result of new information,
future events, or otherwise. 

Description
of Business 

Fuss
Brands Corp, f/k/a China Botanic Pharmaceutical Inc. the Company, we us was incorporated
in the State of Nevada on August 18, 1988, originally under the corporate name of Solutions, Incorporated. It was inactive until
August 16, 1996, when it changed its corporate name to Suarro Communications, Inc, and engaged in the business of providing internet-based
business services. This line of business was discontinued in 2006, and the Company became a non-operating public company. The Company
underwent a number of corporate name changes as follows: 

June 1997 
 
 ComTech
 Consolidation Group, Inc 
 
 February 1999 
 
 E-Net
 Corporation 
 
 May 1999 
 
 E-Net
 Financial Corporation 
 
 January 2000 
 
 E-Net.Com
 Corporation 
 
 February 2000 
 
 E-Net
 Financial.Com Corporation 
 
 January 2002 
 
 Anza
 Capital, Inc Anza 
 
 June 2006 
 
 Renhuang
 Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 
 October 2010 
 
 China
 Botanic Pharmaceutical Inc. 

The
Company had been inactive since September 2012. 

On
February 4, 2021, as a result of a custodianship in Clark County, Nevada, Case Number: A-20-827231-B Custodian Ventures LLC Custodian was appointed custodian of the Company. On the same date, Custodian appointed David Lazar as the Company s Chief Executive Officer,
President, Secretary, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Executive Officer, and Chairman of the Board of Directors. 

On
August 24, 2021, as a result of a private transaction, 1,000,000 shares of Series A-1 Preferred Stock, 0.001 par value per share
(the Shares of the Company, were transferred from Custodian Ventures, LLC to Issamar Ginzberg, Israel Moshe Levy, Shmuel
Rotbard, and Benjamin Levin (collectively, the Purchasers ). As a result, the Purchasers became holders of approximately
96 of the voting rights of the issued and outstanding share capital of the Company on a fully diluted basis of the Company and became
the controlling shareholder. The consideration paid for the Shares was 250,000. The source of the cash consideration for the Shares
was personal funds. In connection with the transaction, David Lazar released the Company from all debts owed to him and/or Custodian
Ventures, LLC. 

1 

On
August 24, 2021, the existing director and officer resigned immediately. Accordingly, David Lazar, serving as a director and an
officer, ceased to be the Company s Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, President, Treasurer, Secretary, and Director.
At the effective date of the transfer, Issamar Ginzberg consented to act as the new Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer,
President, Treasurer, Secretary, and a Director of the Company, 

On
July 14, 2022, China Botanic Pharmaceuticals Inc. amended its articles of incorporation to change its name to Fuss Brands Corp.
(the Name Change ). The change was made in anticipation of entering into a new line of business operations. 

On
July 13, 2022, the Company amended its articles of incorporation to reverse split its common stock at a rate of 1 for 26 (the Reverse ). 

On
July 22, 2022, FINRA declared the Name Change and the Reverse effective. Also on July 28, 2022, the Company was informed by
FINRA that the Company s ticker symbol would be changed to FBDS in twenty business days. 

The
Company s year-end is October 31. 

Competition
and Market Conditions 

We
will face substantial competition in our efforts to identify and pursue a business venture. The primary source of competition is expected
to be from other companies organized and funded for similar purposes, including small venture capital firms, blank check companies, and
wealthy investors, many of which may have substantially greater financial and other resources than we do. In light of our limited financial
and human resources, we are at a competitive disadvantage compared to many of our competitors in our efforts to obtain an operating business
or assets necessary to commence our operations in a new field. Additionally, with the economic downturn caused by the coronavirus pandemic,
many venture capital firms and similar firms and individuals have been seeking to acquire businesses at discounted rates, and we therefore
currently face additional competition and resultant difficulty obtaining a business. We expect these conditions to persist at least until
the economy recovers. Further, even if we are successful in obtaining a business or assets for new operations, we expect there to be
enhanced barriers to entry in the marketplace in which we decide to operate as a result of reduced demand and/or increased raw material
costs caused by the pandemic and other economic forces that are beyond our control. 

Regulation 

As
of the date of this Report, we are required to file reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC by Section 13
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ). 

Depending
on the direction management decides to take and a business or businesses we may acquire in the future, we may become subject to other
laws or regulations that require us to make material expenditures on compliance including the increasing state-level regulation of privacy.
Any such requirements could require us to divert significant human and capital resources on compliance, which could have an adverse effect
on our future operating results. 

Employees 

As of the date of this Report, we have one employee,
our Chief Executive Officer. 

2 

ITEM 1A.
RISK FACTORS 

Risks
Relating to Our Business and Financial Condition 

We
currently have no operations, and investors, therefore, have no basis on which to evaluate the Company s future prospects. 

We
currently have no operations and will be reliant upon a merger with or acquisition of an operating business to commence operations and
generate revenue. Because we have no operations and have not generated revenues, investors have no basis upon which to evaluate our ability
to achieve our business objective of locating and completing a business combination with a target business. We have no current arrangements
or understandings with any prospective target business concerning a business combination and may be unable to complete a business combination
in a reasonable timeframe, on reasonable terms, or at all. If we fail to complete a business combination as planned, we will never generate
any operating revenues. 

We
may face difficulties or delays in our search for a business combination, and we may not have access to sufficient capital to consummate
a business combination. 

We
may face difficulty identifying a viable business opportunity or negotiating or paying for any resulting business combination. Economic
factors that are beyond our control, including the COVID-19 pandemic and consequent economic downturn, as well as increased competition
for acquisitions of operating entities that we expect to encounter as a result thereof, may hinder our efforts to locate and/or obtain
a business that is suitable for our business goals at a price we can afford and on terms that will enable us to sufficiently grow our
business to generate value to our shareholders. We have limited capital, and we may not be able to take advantage of any available business
opportunities on favorable terms or at all due to the limited availability of capital. There can be no assurance that we will have sufficient
capital to provide us with the necessary funds to successfully develop and implement our plan of operation or acquire a business we deem
to be appropriate or necessary to accomplish our objectives, in which case we may be forced to terminate our business plan and your investment
in the Company could become worthless. 

If
we are not successful in acquiring a new business and generating material revenues, investors will likely lose their investment. 

If
we are not successful in developing a viable business plan and acquiring a new business through which to implement it, our investors 
entire investment in the Company could become worthless. Even if we are successful in combining with or acquiring the assets of an operating
entity, we can provide no assurances that the Company will be able to generate significant revenue therefrom in the short-term or at
all or that investors will derive a profit from their investment. If we are not successful, our investors will likely lose their entire
investment. 

If
we cannot manage our growth effectively, we may not become profitable. 

Businesses,
including development-stage companies such as ours and/or any operating business or businesses we may acquire, often grow rapidly and
tend to have difficulty managing their growth. If we are able to acquire an operating business, we will likely need to expand our management
team and other key personnel by recruiting and employing experienced executives and key employees and/or consultants capable of providing
the necessary support. 

We
cannot assure you that our management will be able to manage our growth effectively or successfully. Our failure to meet these challenges
could cause us to lose money, and your investment could be lost. 

3 

Because
we have limited capital, we may need to raise additional capital in the future by issuing debt or equity securities, the terms of which
may dilute our current investors and/or reduce or limit their liquidation or other rights. 

We
may require additional capital to acquire a business. We may not be able to obtain additional capital when required. Future business
development activities, as well as administrative expenses such as salaries, insurance, general overhead, legal and compliance expenses,
and accounting expenses, will require a substantial amount of additional capital. The terms of securities we issue in future capital
raising transactions may be more favorable to new investors and may include liquidation preferences, superior voting rights, or the issuance
of other derivative securities, which could have a further dilutive effect on or subordinate the rights of our current investors. Any
additional capital raised through the sale of equity securities will likely dilute the ownership percentage of our shareholders. Additionally,
any debt securities we issue would likely create a liquidation preference superior to that of our current investors and, if convertible
into shares of Common Stock, would also pose the risk of dilution. 

We
may be unable to obtain necessary financing if and when required. 

Our
ability to obtain financing, if and when necessary, may be impaired by such factors as the capital markets (both in general and in the
particular industry or industries in which we may choose to operate), our limited operating history, and current lack of operations,
the national and global economies, and the condition of the market for microcap securities. Further, economic downturns such as the current
global depression caused by the COVID-19 pandemic may increase our requirements for capital, particularly if such economic downturn persists
for an extended period of time or after we have acquired an operating entity, and may limit or hinder our ability to obtain the funding
we require. If the amount of capital we are able to raise from financing activities, together with any revenues we may generate from
future operations, is not sufficient to satisfy our capital needs, we may be required to discontinue our development or implementation
of a business plan, cancel our search for business opportunities, cease our operations, divest our assets at unattractive prices or obtain
financing on unattractive terms. If any of the foregoing should happen, our shareholders could lose some or all of their investment. 

Because
we are still developing our business plan, we do not have any agreement for a business combination. 

We
have no current arrangement, agreement or understanding with respect to engaging in a business combination with any specific entity.
We may not be successful in identifying and evaluating a suitable acquisition candidate or in consummating a business combination. We
are neutral as to what industry or segment for any target company. We have not established specific metrics and criteria we will look
for in a target company, and if and when we do we may face difficulty reaching a mutual agreement with any such entity, including in
light of market trends and forces beyond our control. Given our early-stage status, there is considerable uncertainty and therefore inherent
risk to investors that we will not succeed in developing and implementing a viable business plan. 

The
COVID-19 pandemic could materially adversely affect our financial condition, future plans and results of operations. 

This
COVID-19 pandemic has had a significant adverse effect on the economy in the United States and on most businesses. The Company is not
able to predict the ultimate impact that COVID -19 will have on its business; however, if the pandemic and government action in response
thereto impose limitations on our operations or result in a prolonged economic recession or depression, the Company s development
and implementation of its business plan and our ability to commence and grow our operations, as well as our ability to generate material
revenue therefrom, will be hindered, which would have a material negative impact on the Company s financial condition and results
of operations. 

4 

Because
we are dependent upon Issamar Ginzberg, our Chief Executive Officer and sole director to manage and oversee our Company, the loss of
his services could adversely affect our plan and results of operations. 

We
currently have a sole director and officer, Issamar Ginzberg, who manages the Company and is presently evaluating a viable plan for our
future operations. We will rely solely on his judgment in connection with selecting a target company and the terms and structure of any
resulting business combination. The loss of our Chief Executive Officer could delay or prevent the achievement of our business objectives,
which could have a material adverse effect upon our results of operations and financial position. Further, because Mr. Ginzberg serves
as Chief Executive Officer and sole director and also holds a controlling interest in the Company s Common Stock, our other shareholders
will have limited ability to influence the Company s direction or management. 

In
addition, although not likely, the officers and directors of an acquisition candidate may resign upon completion of a combination with
their business. The departure of a target s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and prospects of our post-combination
business. The role of a target s key personnel upon the completion of the transaction cannot be ascertained at this time. Although
we contemplate that certain or all members of a target s management team may remain associated with the target following a change
of control thereof, there can be no assurance that all of such target s management team will decide to remain in place. The loss
of key personnel, either before or after a business combination and including management of either us or a combined entity could negatively
impact the operations and profitability of our business. 

Risks
Related to a Potential Business Acquisition 

We
may encounter difficulty locating and consummating a business combination, including as a result of the competitive disadvantages we
have. 

We
expect to face intense competition in our search for a revenue-producing business to combine with or acquire. Given the current economic
climate, venture capital firms, larger companies, blank check companies such as special purpose acquisition companies and other investors
are purchasing operating entities or the assets thereof in high volumes and at relatively discounted prices. These parties may have greater
capital or human resources than we do and/or more experience in a particular industry within which we choose to search. Most of these
competitors have a certain amount of liquid cash available to take advantage of favorable market conditions for prospective business
purchaser such as those caused by the recent pandemic. Any delay or inability to locate, negotiate and enter into a business combination
as a result of the relative illiquidity of our current asset or other disadvantages we have relative to our competitors could cause us
to lose valuable business opportunities to our competitors, which would have a material adverse effect on our business. 

We
may expend significant time and capital on a prospective business combination that is not ultimately consummated. 

The
investigation of each specific target business and any subsequent negotiation and drafting of related agreements, SEC disclosure and
other documents will require substantial amounts of management s time and attention and material additional costs in connection
with outsourced services from accountants, attorneys, and other professionals. We will likely expend significant time and resources searching
for, conducting due diligence on, and negotiating transaction terms in connection with a proposed business combination that may not ultimately
come to fruition. In such event, all of the time and capital resources expended by the Company in such a pursuit may be lost and unrecoverable
by the Company or its shareholders. Unanticipated issues which may be beyond our control or that of the seller of the applicable business
may arise that force us to terminate discussions with a target company, such as the target s failure or inability to provide adequate
documentation to assist in our investigation, a party s failure to obtain required waivers or consents to consummate the transaction
as required by the inability to obtain the required audits, applicable laws, charter documents and agreements, the appearance of a competitive
bid from another prospective purchaser, or the seller s inability to maintain its operations for a sufficient time to allow the
transaction to close. Such risks are inherent in any search for a new business and investors should be aware of them before investing
in an enterprise such as ours. 

5 

Conflicts
of interest may arise between us and our shareholders, directors, or management, which may have a negative impact on our ability to consummate
a business combination or favorable terms or generate revenue. 

Our
Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Ginzberg is not required to commit his full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest
in allocating his time between managing the Company and other businesses in which he is or may be involved. We do not intend to have
any employees prior to the consummation of a business combination. Mr. Ginzberg is not obligated to contribute any specific number of
hours to our affairs, and he may engage in other business endeavors while he provides consulting services to the Company. If any of his
other business affairs require him to devote substantial amounts of time to such matters, it could materially limit his ability to devote
his time and attention to our business which could have a negative impact on our ability to consummate a business combination or generate
revenue. 

It
is possible that we obtain an operating company in which a director or officer of the Company has an ownership interest in or that he
or she is an officer, director, or employee of. If we do obtain any business affiliated with an officer or director, such business combination
may be on terms other than what would be arrived at in an arms-length transaction. If any conflict of interest arises, it could adversely
affect a business combination or subsequent operations of the Company, in which case our shareholders may see diminished value relative
to what would have been available through a transaction with an independent third party. 

We
may engage in a business combination that causes tax consequences to us and our shareholders. 

Federal
and state tax consequences will, in all likelihood, be a significant factor in considering any business combination that we may undertake.
Under current federal law, such transactions may be subject to significant taxation to the buyer and its shareholders under applicable
federal and state tax laws. While we intend to structure any business combination so as to minimize the federal and state tax consequences
to the extent practicable in accordance with our business objectives, there can be no assurance that any business combination we undertake
will meet the statutory or regulatory requirements of a tax-free reorganization or similar favorable treatment or that the parties to
such a transaction will obtain the tax treatment intended or expected upon a transfer of equity interests or assets. A non-qualifying
reorganization, combination or similar transaction could result in the imposition of significant taxation, both at the federal and state
levels, which may have an adverse effect on both parties to the transaction, including our shareholders. 

It
is unlikely that our shareholders will be afforded any opportunity to evaluate or approve a business combination. 

It
is unlikely that our shareholders will be afforded the opportunity to evaluate and approve a proposed business combination. In most cases,
business combinations do not require shareholder approval under applicable law, and our Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws do not afford
our shareholders with the right to approve such a transaction. Further, Mr. Ginzberg our Chief Executive Officer and sole director, owns
the vast majority of our outstanding Common Stock. Accordingly, our shareholders will be relying almost exclusively on the judgement
of our board of directors Board and Chief Executive Officer and any persons on whom they may rely with respect to a potential
business combination. In order to develop and implement our business plan, may in the future hire lawyers, accountants, technical experts,
appraisers, or other consultants to assist with determining the Company s direction and consummating any transactions contemplated
thereby. We may rely on such persons in making difficult decisions in connection with the Company s future business and prospects.
The selection of any such persons will be made by our Board, and any expenses incurred or decisions made based on any of the foregoing
could prove to be adverse to the Company in hindsight, the result of which could be diminished value to our shareholders. 

6 

Because
our search for a business combination is not presently limited to a particular industry, sector or any specific target businesses, prospective
investors will be unable to evaluate the merits or risks of any particular target business s operations until such time as they
are identified and disclosed. 

We
are still determining the Company s business plan, and we may seek to complete a business combination with an operating entity
in any number of industries or sectors. Because we have not yet entered into any letter of intent or agreement to acquire a particular
business, prospective investors currently have no basis to evaluate the possible merits or risks of any particular target business s
operations, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity, financial condition, prospects or other metrics or qualities they deem appropriate
in considering to invest in the Company. Further, if we complete a business combination, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent
in the operations of the business we acquire. For example, if we acquire a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established
operating history, we may be affected by the risks inherent in the business and operations of a new business or a development stage entity.
Although our management intends to evaluate and weigh the merits and risks inherent in a particular target business and make a decision
based on the Company and its shareholders interests, there can be no assurance that we will properly ascertain or assess all the
significant risks inherent in a target business, that we will have adequate time to complete due diligence or that we will ultimately
acquire a viable business and generate material revenue therefrom. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and
leave us with no ability to reduce the likelihood that those risks will adversely impact a target business or mitigate any harm to the
Company caused thereby. Should we select a course of action, or fail to select a course of action, that ultimately exposes us to unknown
or unidentified risks, our business will be harmed and you could lose some or all of your investment. 

Past
performance by our management and their affiliates may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us. 

While
our Chief Executive Officer has prior experience in advising businesses, his past performance, the performance of other entities or persons
with which he is involved, or the performance of any other personnel we may retain in the future will not necessarily be an indication
of either (i) that we will be able to locate a suitable candidate for our initial business combination or (ii) the future operating results
of the Company including with respect to any business combination we may consummate. You should not rely on the historical record of
him or any other of our personnel or their affiliates performance as indicative of our future performance or that an investment
in us will be profitable. In addition, an investment in the Company is not an investment in any entities affiliated with our management
or other personnel. While management intends to endeavor to locate a viable business opportunity and generate shareholder value, there
can be no assurance that we will succeed in this endeavor. 

We
may seek business combination opportunities in industries or sectors that are outside of our management s area of expertise. 

We
will consider a business combination outside of our management s area of expertise if a business combination candidate is presented
to us and we determine that such candidate offers an attractive opportunity for the Company. Although management intends to endeavor
to evaluate the risks inherent in any particular business combination candidate, we cannot assure you that we will adequately ascertain
or assess all the significant risks, or that we will accurately determine the actual value of a prospective operating entity to acquire.
In the event we elect to pursue an acquisition outside of the areas of our management s expertise, our management s ability
to evaluate and make decisions on behalf of the Company may be limited, or we may make material expenditures on additional personnel
or consultants to assist management in the Company s operations. Investors should be aware that the information contained herein
regarding the areas of our management s expertise will not necessarily be relevant to an understanding of the business that we
ultimately elect to acquire. As a result, our management may not be able to adequately ascertain or assess all the significant risks
or strategic opportunities that may arise. Accordingly, any shareholders in the Company following a business combination could suffer
a reduction in the value of their shares, and any resulting loss will likely not be recoverable. 

7 

We
may attempt to complete a business combination with a private target company about which little information is available, and such target
entity may not generate revenue as expected or otherwise by compatible with us as expected. 

In
pursuing our search for a business to acquire, we will likely seek to complete a business combination with a privately held company.
Very little public information generally exists about private companies, and the only information available to us prior to making a decision
may be from documents and information provided directly to us by the target company in connection with the transaction. Such documents
or information or the conclusions we draw therefrom could prove to be inaccurate or misleading. As such, we may be required to make our
decision on whether to pursue a potential business combination based on limited, incomplete, or faulty information, which may result
in our subsequent operations generating less revenue than expected, which could materially harm our financial condition and results of
operations. 

Our
ability to assess the management of a prospective target business may be limited and, as a result, we may acquire a target business whose
management does not have the skills, qualifications, or abilities to enable a seamless transition, which could, in turn, negatively impact
our results of operations. 

When
evaluating the desirability of a potential business combination, our ability to assess the target business s management may be
limited due to a lack of time, resources, or information. Our management s assessment of the capabilities of the target s
management, therefore, may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications or abilities expected. Further,
in most cases the target s management may be expected to want to manage us and replace our Chief Executive Officer. Should the
target s management not possess the skills, qualifications, or abilities necessary to manage a public company or assist with their
former entity s merger or combination into ours, the operations and profitability of the post-acquisition business may be negatively
impacted and our shareholders could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. 

Any
business we acquire will likely lack diversity of operations or geographical reach, and in such case we will be subject to risks associated
with dependence on a single industry or region. 

Our
search for a business will likely be focused on entities with a single or limited business activity and/or that operate in a limited
geographic area. While larger companies have the ability to manage their risk by diversifying their operations among different industries
and regions, smaller companies such as ours and the entities we anticipate reviewing for a potential business combination generally lack
diversification, in terms of both the nature and geographic scope of their business. As a result, we will likely be impacted more acutely
by risks affecting the industry or the region in which we operate than we would if our business were more diversified. In addition to
general economic risks, we could be exposed to natural disasters, civil unrest, technological advances, and other uncontrollable developments
that will threaten our viability if and to the extent our future operations are limited to a single industry or region. If we do not
diversify our operations, our financial condition and results of operations will be at risk. 

Changes
in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with the laws and regulations applicable to us, may adversely affect our business, ability
to negotiate and complete a business combination, and results of operations. 

We
are subject to laws and regulations enacted by federal, state, and local governments. In addition to SEC regulations, any business we
acquire in the future may be subject to substantial legal or regulatory oversight and restrictions, which could hinder our growth and
expend material amounts on compliance. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming
and costly. Those laws and regulations and their interpretation and application by courts and administrative judges may also change from
time to time, and any such changes could be unfavorable to us and could have a material adverse effect on our business, investments,
and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, could result
in material defense or remedial costs and/or damages have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. 

8 

Risks
Related to Our Common Stock 

Due
to factors beyond our control, our stock price may be volatile. 

There
is currently a limited market for our Common Stock, and there can be no guarantee that an active market for our Common Stock will develop,
even if we are successful in consummating a business combination. Recently, the price of our Common Stock has been volatile for no reason.
Further, even if an active market for our Common Stock develops, it will likely be subject to by significant price volatility when compared
to more seasoned issuers. We expect that the price of our Common Stock will continue to be more volatile than more seasoned issuers for
the foreseeable future. Fluctuations in the price of our Common Stock can be based on various factors in addition to those otherwise
described in this Report, including: 

General
speculative fever; 

A
prospective business combination and the terms and conditions thereof; 

The
operating performance of any business we acquire, including any failure to achieve material revenues therefrom; 

The
performance of our competitors in the marketplace, both pre- and post-combination; 

The
public s reaction to our press releases, SEC filings, website content and other public announcements and information; 

Changes
in earnings estimates of any business that we acquire or recommendations by any research analysts who may follow us or other companies
in the industry of a business that we acquire; 

Variations
in general economic conditions, including as may be caused by uncontrollable events such as the COVID-19 pandemic and the resulting decline
in the economy; 

The
public disclosure of the terms of any financing we disclose in the future; 

The
number of shares of our Common Stock that are publicly traded in the future; 

Actions
of our existing shareholders, including sales of Common Stock by our then directors and then executive officers or by significant investors;
and 

The
employment or termination of key personnel. 

Many
of these factors are beyond our control and may decrease the market price of our Common Stock, regardless of whether we can consummate
a business combination and of our current or subsequent operating performance and financial condition. In the past, following periods
of volatility in the market price of a company s securities, securities class action litigation has often been instituted. A securities
class action suit against us could result in substantial costs and divert our management s time and attention, which would otherwise
be used to benefit our business. 

9 

Because
trading in our Common Stock is so limited, investors who purchase our Common Stock may depress the market if they sell Common Stock. 

Our
Common Stock trades on the OTC Pink Market, the successor to the pink sheets. The OTC Pink Market generally is illiquid and most stocks
traded there are of companies that are not required to file reports with the SEC under the Exchange Act. Our Common Stock itself infrequently
trades. 

The
market price of our Common Stock may decline if a substantial number of shares of our Common Stock are sold at once or in large blocks. 

Presently
the market for our Common Stock is limited. If an active market for our shares develops in the future, some or all of our shareholders
may sell their shares of our Common Stock which may depress the market price. Any sale of a substantial number of these shares in the
public market, or the perception that such a sale could occur, could cause the market price of our Common Stock to decline, which could
reduce the value of the shares held by our other shareholders. 

Future
issuance of our Common Stock could dilute the interests of our existing shareholders, particularly in connection with an acquisition
and any resulting financing. 

We
may issue additional shares of our Common Stock in the future. The issuance of a substantial amount of our Common Stock could substantially
dilute the interests of our shareholders. In addition, the sale of a substantial amount of Common Stock in the public market, either
in the initial issuance or in a subsequent resale by the target company in a business combination which received our Common Stock as
consideration or by investors who has previously acquired such Common Stock could have an adverse effect on the market price of our Common
Stock. 

Due
to recent changes to Rule 15c2-11 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, our Common Stock may become subject to limitations
or reductions on stock price, liquidity, or volume. 

On
September 16, 2020, the SEC adopted amendments to Rule 15c2-11 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange
Act ). This Rule applies to broker-dealers who quote securities listed on over-the-counter markets such as our Common Stock. The
Rule as amended prohibits broker-dealers from publishing quotations on OTC markets for an issuer s securities unless they are based
on current publicly available information about the issuer. When it becomes effective, the amended Rule will also limit the Rule s
 piggyback exception, which allows broker-dealers to publish quotations for a security in reliance on the quotations of
a broker-dealer that initially performed the information review required by the Rule, to issuers with current publicly available information
or issuers that are up-to-date in their Exchange Act reports. As of this date, we are uncertain as what actual effect the Rule may have
on us. 

The
Rule changes could harm the liquidity and/or market price of our Common Stock by either preventing our shares from being quoted or driving
up our costs of compliance. Because we are a voluntary filer under Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act and not a public reporting
company, the practical impact of these changes is to require us to maintain a level of periodic disclosure we are not presently required
to maintain, which would cause us to incur material additional expenses. Further, if we cannot or do not provide or maintain current
public information about our company, our stockholders may face difficulties in selling their shares of our Common Stock at desired prices,
quantities, or times, or at all, as a result of the amendments to the Rule. 

10 

ITEM 1B.
UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM 2.
PROPERTIES 

The
Company s principal business and corporate address is 80 Broad Street New York, New York 10004. 

ITEM 3.
LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

We
are not currently involved in any legal proceedings and we are not aware of any pending or potential legal actions. 

ITEM 4.
MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable. 

11 

PART
II 

ITEM 5.
MARKET FOR COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

Market
Information 

Our
Common Stock is not listed on any securities exchange and is quoted on the OTC Pink Market under the symbol CBPI because
our Common Stock is not listed on a securities exchange and its quotations on OTC Pink are limited and sporadic. There is currently no
established public trading market for our Common Stock. 

The
following table reflects the high and low closing sales information for our Common Stock for each fiscal quarter during the fiscal years
ended October 31, 2022, and October 31, 2021. This information was obtained from OTC Pink and reflects inter-dealer prices
without retail mark-up, mark-down, or commission and may not necessarily represent actual transactions. 

COMMON STOCK MARKET PRICE 

HIGH 
 LOW 
 
 FISCAL YEAR ENDED October 31, 2022: 

First Quarter 
 2.6000 
 1.3000 
 
 Second Quarter 
 3.2500 
 0.7800 
 
 Third Quarter 
 3.1200 
 0.0078 
 
 Fourth Quarter 
 2.4500 
 1.7700 

COMMON STOCK MARKET PRICE 

HIGH 
 LOW 
 
 FISCAL YEAR ENDED October 31, 2021: 

First Quarter 
 0.2500 
 0.0600 
 
 Second Quarter 
 0.1300 
 0.0501 
 
 Third Quarter 
 0.1350 
 0.0500 
 
 Fourth Quarter 
 0.1390 
 0.0060 

Holders 

As
of January 18, 2023 there were 182 shareholders of record of the Company s Common Stock based upon the records of the shareholders
provided by the Company s transfer agent. The Company s transfer agent is Securities Transfer Corporation, 2901 Dallas Parkway
Suite 380, Plano Texas, 469-633-0101. 

Dividends 

We
have never paid or declared any dividends on our Common Stock and do not anticipate paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 

Securities
Authorized For Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

We
currently do not have any equity compensation plans. 

Unregistered
Sales of Equity Securities 

We
have previously disclosed all sales of securities without registration under the Securities Act of 1933. 

ITEM 6.
SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

Not
Applicable. 

12 

ITEM 7.
MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULT OF OPERATIONS 

The
Company has no operations or revenue as of the date of this Report. We are currently in the process of developing a business plan. Management
intends to explore and identify viable business opportunities within the U.S. including seeking to acquire a business in a reverse merger.
Our ability to effectively identify, develop and implement a viable plan for our business may be hindered by risks and uncertainties
which are beyond our control, including without limitation, the continued negative effects of the coronavirus pandemic on the U.S. and
global economies. For more information about the risk of Covid-19 on our business, see Item 1.A. - Risk Factors . 

Plan
of Operation 

The
Company has no operations from a continuing business other than the expenditures related to running the Company, and has no revenue from
continuing operations as of the date of this Report. 

Management
intends to explore and identify business opportunities within the U.S., including a potential acquisition of an operating entity through
a reverse merger, asset purchase or similar transaction. Our Chief Executive Officer has experience in business consulting, although
no assurances can be given that he can identify and implement a viable business strategy or that any such strategy will result in profits.
Our ability to effectively identify, develop and implement a viable plan for our business may be hindered by risks and uncertainties
which are beyond our control, including without limitation, the continued negative effects of the coronavirus pandemic on the U.S. and
global economies. For more information about the risk of coronavirus on our business, see Item 1A Risk Factors. 

We
do not currently engage in any business activities that provide revenue or cash flow. During the next 12 month period we anticipate incurring
costs in connection with investigating, evaluating, and negotiating potential business combinations, filing SEC reports, and consummating
an acquisition of an operating business. 

Given
our limited capital resources, we may consider a business combination with an entity which has recently commenced operations, is a developing
company or is otherwise in need of additional funds for the development of new products or services or expansion into new markets, or
is an established business experiencing financial or operating difficulties and is in need of additional capital. Alternatively, a business
combination may involve the acquisition of, or merger with, an entity which desires access to the U.S. capital markets. 

As
of the date of this Report, our management has not had any discussions with any representative of any other entity regarding a potential
business combination. Any target business that is selected may be financially unstable or in the early stages of development. In such
event, we expect to be subject to numerous risks inherent in the business and operations of a financially unstable or early stage entity.
In addition, we may effect a business combination with an entity in an industry characterized by a high level of risk or in which our
management has limited experience, and, although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business,
there can be no assurance that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant risks. 

Our
management anticipates that we will likely only be able to effect one business combination due to our limited capital. This lack of diversification
will likely pose a substantial risk in investing in the Company for the indefinite future because it will not permit us to offset potential
losses from one venture or operating territory against gains from another. The risks we face will likely be heightened to the extent
we acquire a business operating in a single industry or geographical region. 

We
anticipate that the selection of a business combination will be a complex and risk-prone process. Because of general economic conditions,
including unfavorable conditions caused by the coronavirus pandemic, rapid technological advances being made in some industries and shortages
of available capital, management believes that there are a number of firms seeking business opportunities at this time at discounted
rates with which we will compete. We expect that any potentially available business combinations may appear in a variety of different
industries or regions and at various stages of development, all of which will likely render the task of comparative investigation and
analysis of such business opportunities extremely difficult and complicated. Once we have developed and begun to implement our business
plan, management intends to fund our working capital requirements through a combination of our existing funds and future issuances of
debt or equity securities. Our working capital requirements are expected to increase in line with the implementation of a business plan
and commencement of operations. 

13 

Based
upon our current operations, we do not have sufficient working capital to fund our operations over the next 12 months. If we are able
to close a reverse merger, it is likely we will need capital as a condition of closing that acquisition. Because of the uncertainties,
we cannot be certain as to how much capital we need to raise or the type of securities we will be required to issue. In connection with
a reverse merger, we will be required to issue a controlling block of our securities to the target s shareholders which will be
very dilutive. 

Additional
issuances of equity or convertible debt securities will result in dilution to our current shareholders. Further, such securities might
have rights, preferences, or privileges senior to our Common Stock. Additional financing may not be available upon acceptable terms,
or at all. If adequate funds are not available or are not available on acceptable terms, we may not be able to take advantage of prospective
new business endeavors or opportunities, which could significantly and materially restrict our business operations. 

We
anticipate that we will incur operating losses in the next 12 months, principally costs related to our being obligated to file reports
with the SEC. Our prospects must be considered in light of the risks, expenses and difficulties frequently encountered by companies in
their early stage of development. Such risks for us include, but are not limited to, an evolving and unpredictable business model, recognition
of revenue sources, and the management of growth. To address these risks, we must, among other things, develop, implement, and successfully
execute our business and marketing strategy, respond to competitive developments, and attract, retain, and motivate qualified personnel.
There can be no assurance that we will be successful in addressing such risks, and the failure to do so could have a material adverse
effect on our business prospects, financial condition, and results of operations. 

COVID-19
Update 

To
date, the COVID-19 pandemic has not had a material impact on the Company, particularly due to our current lack of operations. The pandemic
may, however, have an impact on our ability to evaluate and acquire an operating entity through a reverse merger or otherwise. See Item 1A
 Risk Factors for more information. 

Off
Balance Sheet Arrangements 

As
of the date of this Report, we do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or
future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital
expenditures or capital resources that are material to investors. 

Going
Concern 

The
independent registered public accounting firm auditors report accompanying our October 31, 2022 financial statements contained
an explanatory paragraph expressing substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements have
been prepared assuming that we will continue as a going concern, which contemplates that we will realize our assets and
satisfy our liabilities and commitments in the ordinary course of business. 

ITEM 7A.
QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not
applicable. 

14 

ITEM 8.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 F-2 

Balance Sheets as of October 31, 2022 and October 31, 2021 
 
 F-3 

Statement of Operations for the Year Ended October 31, 2022 and October 31, 2021 
 
 F-4 

Statement of Changes in Stockholders Deficit for the Year Ended October 31, 2022 and October 31, 2021 
 
 F-5 

Statement of Cash Flows for the Year Ended October 31, 2022 and October 31, 2021 
 
 F-6 

Notes to the Financial Statements 
 
 F-7 

F- 1 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To
the shareholders and the board of directors of Fuss Brands Corp. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Fuss Brands Corp. as of October 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations,
stockholders equity (deficit), and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the
 financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of the Company as of October 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended,
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. 

Substantial
Doubt about the Company s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note
2 to the financial statements, the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations and has a significant accumulated deficit. In
addition, the Company continues to experience negative cash flows from operations. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 2. The financial
statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or
fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matter 

Critical
audit matters are matters arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be
communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and
(2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. 

We
determined that there are no critical audit matters. 

/S/
 (PCAOB ID 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2021 

January
27, 2023 

F- 2 

FUSS
BRANDS CORP. 

 BALANCE
SHEETS 

October 31, 
 October 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Cash 
 
 - 
 
 Total Assets 
 
 - 

LIABILITIES STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 
 
 - 
 
 Notes payable-related party 

Total current liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 
 - 
 - 

Stockholders Deficit 

Preferred stock Series A, par value, 
 shares authorized, and - - shares issued and outstanding as of October 31, 2022 and October 31, 2021 

Common stock, par value , shares
 authorized, and shares issued and outstanding as of October 31, 2022 and October 31, 2021 

Additional paid-in capital 

Discount on common stock 
 
 - 
 
 Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholders (Deficit) 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders (Deficit) 
 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 3 

FUSS
BRANDS CORP. 

 STATEMENTS
OF OPERATIONS 

October 31, 
 October 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenue 
 - 
 - 

Operating Expenses: 

Administrative expenses 

Total operating expenses 

(Loss) from operations 

Other expense 
 - 
 - 
 
 Other (expense) net 
 - 
 - 
 
 Income (loss) before provision for income taxes 

Tax Provision 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net (Loss) 

Basic and diluted (loss) per common share 

Weighted average number of shares outstanding 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 4 

FUSS
BRANDS CORP. 

 STATEMENTS
OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Preferred 
 Stock-Series A 
 Common
 Stock 
 Discount
 on 
 Common 
 Paid
 in 
 Accumulated 
 Total 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Value 
 Shares 
 Value 
 Stock 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity 
 
 Balance,
 October 31, 2020 
 - 
 - 

- 

- 

Net
 income (loss) 

Issuance
 of preferred stock for services to related party 

- 
 - 

Capital
 contributions by former CEO 

Balance,
 October 31, 2021 

- 

Preferred 
 Stock-Series A 
 Common
 Stock 
 Discount
 on 
 Common 
 Paid
 in 
 Accumulated 
 Total 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Value 
 Shares 
 Value 
 Stock 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity 
 
 Balance,
 October 31, 2021 

- 

Net
 income (loss) 

Conversion
 of Series A Preferred to common stock 

- 

Misc
 adjustment to reflect rounding on reverse split 

- 

- 

Private
 placement of common shares 

Balance,
 October 31, 2022 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 5 

FUSS
BRANDS CORP. 

 STATEMENTS
OF CASH FLOWS 

October 31, 
 October 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash Flows From Operating Activities: 

Net (loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net income
 to net cash provided by (used for) operating activities: Stock based compensation 
 
 250,000 
 
 Changes in operating assets and liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Net cash (used for) operating activities 

Cash Flows From Investing Activities: 

Net cash provided by (used for) investing activities 
 - 
 - 

Cash Flows From Financing Activities: 

Private placement of common shares, net of discount below par value 
 
 - 
 
 Notes payable related party 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net Increase In Cash 
 
 - 
 
 Cash At The Beginning Of The Period 
 - 
 - 
 
 Cash At The End Of The Period 
 
 - 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Cash paid for interest 
 - 
 - 
 
 Cash paid for taxes 
 - 
 - 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Capital contribution by former related party 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 6 

NOTES
TO FINANCIALS STATEMENTS FOR THE 

 PERIOD
ENDED October 31, 2022 

shares of Series A-1 Preferred Stock, par value per share
(the Shares of the Company, were transferred from Custodian Ventures, LLC to Issamar Ginzberg, Israel Moshe Levy, Shmuel
Rotbard, and Benjamin Levin (collectively, the Purchasers ). As a result, the Purchasers became holders of approximately
96 of the voting rights of the issued and outstanding share capital of the Company on a fully diluted basis of the Company and became
the controlling shareholder. The consideration paid for the Shares was . The source of the cash consideration for the Shares
was personal funds. In connection with the transaction, David Lazar released the Company from all debts owed to him and/or Custodian
Ventures, LLC. 

On
August 24, 2021, the existing director and officer resigned immediately. Accordingly, David Lazar, serving as a director and an
officer, ceased to be the Company s Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, President, Treasurer, Secretary, and Director.
At the effective date of the transfer, Issamar Ginzberg consented to act as the new Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer,
President, Treasurer, Secretary, and a Director of the Company, 

On
July 14, 2022, China Botanic Pharmaceuticals Inc. amended its articles of incorporation to change its name to Fuss Brands Corp.
(the Name Change ). The change was made in anticipation of entering into a new line of business operations. 

On
July 13, 2022, the Company amended its articles of incorporation to reverse split its common stock at a rate of 1 for 26 (the Reverse ). 

On
July 22, 2022, FINRA declared the Name Change and the Reverse effective. Also on July 28, 2022, the Company was informed by
FINRA that the Company s ticker symbol would be changed to FBDS in twenty business days. 

The
Company s year-end is October 31. 

and an accumulated deficit of . 

Because
the Company does not expect that existing operational cash flow will be sufficient to fund presently anticipated operations, this raises
substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Therefore, the Company will need to raise additional
funds and is currently exploring alternative sources of financing. Recently the Company has been funded by related party shareholders
and officers. Historically, the Company raised capital through private placements, to finance working capital needs and may attempt to
raise capital through the sale of common stock or other securities and obtaining some short-term loans. The Company will be required
to continue to do so until its operations become profitable. Also, the Company has, in the past, paid for consulting services with its
common stock to maximize working capital, and intends to continue this practice where feasible. 

reverse stock split of its common stock. All common stock amounts and references
have been retroactively adjusted for all figures present to reflect this split unless specifically stated otherwise 

and - - cash on hand, respectively. 

to help fund
the Company s expenses. On August 24, 2021, as part of the transaction in which Custodian Ventures sold its shares
of Series A Preferred Stock described in Note 1. Organization and Description of Business , Custodian agreed to forgive
any amounts due to Custodian. As a result, the due to Custodian was reclassified as a capital contribution through Equity and
had no impact on the Company s Statement of Operations for the period ended October 31, 2021. 

Subsequent
to August 24, 2021, the funding for the Company has been provided by Issamar Ginzberg, Shmuel Rotbard, and Israel Moshe Levy in
the form of interest-free demand loans. As of October 31, 2022, and October 31, 2021, the balance of related parties loans
was and respectively. 

shares of par value, common stock. 

On
July 26, 2022, the Company effected a reverse stock split of its common stock. All common stock amounts and references
have been retroactively adjusted for all figures present to reflect this split unless specifically stated otherwise 

During
the three months ended July 31, 2022, the Company raised in gross proceeds from the sale of shares of common stock.
Since these shares were sold at 0.0004 prior to the reverse split, which was below the par value of 0.001, the Company recorded a discount
on common stock of which reduced the Company s equity. 

During
the three months ended October 31, 2022, . 

As
of October 31, 2022, and October 31, 2021, there were and shares of common stock issued and outstanding,
respectively. 

Preferred
Stock 

The
Company has shares of Series A Preferred Stock, par value, authorized 

During
the three months ended April 30, 2022 split, shares of Series A Preferred Stock were converted on a . 

On
June 23, 2021, the Company amended its Articles of Incorporation and designated 2,500,000 Preferred A-1 shares. On July 2,
2021, the Company awarded Custodian Ventures/David Lazar Series A-1 Preferred Stock for services performed as Custodian. As a result, since this share issuance represented substantially all of the Company s value,
the shares were valued at the purchase price of the Preferred Shares of on August 24, 2021. The was recognized
as stock-based compensation, related party in the Company s Statement of Operations for the period ended October 31, 2021. 

The
attributes of the Series A Preferred Stock are as follows: 

Subject
to the rights of any existing series of Preferred Stock or to the rights of any series of Preferred Stock which may from time to time
hereafter come into existence, the holders of shares of Series A-1 Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive dividends, out of any
assets legally available therefor, upon any payment of any dividend (payable other than in Common Stock or other securities and rights
convertible into or entitling the holder thereof to receive, directly or indirectly, additional shares of Common Stock of the Corporation)
on the Common Stock of the Corporation, as and if declared by the Board of Directors, as if the Series A-1 Preferred Stock had been converted
into Common Stock. 

Liquidation
Preference. 

In
the event of any liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the Corporation, either voluntary or involuntary, the holders of the Series
A-1 Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive, prior and in preference to any distribution of any of the assets of the Corporation
to the holders of Common Stock, or any other series or class of common stock of the Corporation, whether now in existence or hereafter
created by amendment to the articles of incorporation of the Corporation or by a certificate of designation, by reason of their ownership
thereof, and senior, prior, and in preference to any other series or class of preferred stock of the Corporation, whether now in existence
or hereafter created by amendment to the articles of incorporation of the Corporation or by a certificate of designation, an amount per
share equal to the price per share actually paid to the Corporation upon the initial issuance of the Series A-1 Preferred Stock (each,
the the Original Issue Price for each share of Series A-1 Preferred Stock then held by them, plus declared but unpaid
dividends. Unless the Corporation can establish a different Original Issue Price in connection with a particular sale of Series A-1 Preferred
Stock, the Original Issue Price shall be per share for the Series A-1 Preferred Stock. If, upon the occurrence of any liquidation,
dissolution, or winding up of the Corporation, the assets and funds thus distributed among the holders of the Series A-1 Preferred Stock
shall be insufficient to permit the payment to such holders of the full aforesaid preferential amounts, then, the entire assets and funds
of the corporation legally available for distribution shall be distributed first to the Series A-1 Preferred Stock, and then ratably
among the holders of each other series of Preferred Stock in proportion to the preferential amount each such holder is otherwise entitled
to receive. 

The
Series A-1 Preferred Stock shares are non-redeemable other than upon the mutual agreement of the Corporation and the holder of shares
to be redeemed and even in such case only to the extent permitted by this Certificate of Designation, the Corporation s Articles
of Incorporation, and applicable law. 

Conversion. 

The
holders of the Series A-1 Preferred Stock, shall have conversion rights as follows (the Conversion Rights ): 

Right
to Convert. 

Subject
to Section 4(c), each share of Series A-1 Preferred Stock shall be convertible, at the option of the holder(s) thereof only, at
any time after the date of issuance of such share, at the office of the Corporation or any transfer agent for such stock, into 

During
the three months ended April 30, 2022, shares of Series A Preferred Stock were converted on a 1,000 to 1 ratio into 
shares of Common Stock. 

As
of October 31, 2022, and October 31, 2021, there and shares of Series A Preferred Stock were issued and outstanding,
respectively. 

t have any contractual commitments as of October 31, 2022, and October 31, 2021. 

shares to investors and raised approximately in proceeds. 

On January 26, 2023 the Company received a purchase
order from a leading luggage retailer for two types of luggage amounting to a total of . The Company is in the process of working
with a manufacturer to produce the luggage. 

F- 11 

ITEM 9.
CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

Not
applicable 

ITEM 9A.
CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures. 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining a system of disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) that is designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us
in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported, within the time periods
specified in the Commission s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures
designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by an issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange
Act is accumulated and communicated to the issuer s management, including its principal executive officer or officers and principal
financial officer or officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting . 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f)
and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

pertain
 to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our
 assets; 

provide
 reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with
 generally accepted accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations
 of our management and directors; and 

provide
 reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that
 could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of
any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions,
or that the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Our
management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the parameters set forth above and has
concluded that as of October 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting was not effective to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
U.S. generally accepted accounting principles as a result of the following material weaknesses: 

The
 Company does not have sufficient segregation of duties within accounting functions due to only having one officer and limited resources. 

The
 Company does not have an independent board of directors or an audit committee. 

15 

The
 Company does not have written documentation of our internal control policies and procedures. 

All
 of the Company s financial reporting is carried out by a financial consultant. 

We
plan to rectify these weaknesses by implementing an independent board of directors, establishing written policies and procedures for
our internal control of financial reporting, and hiring additional accounting personnel at such time as we complete a reverse merger
or similar business acquisition. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting. 

There
have been no change in our internal control over financial reporting during the year October 31, 2022 that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B.
OTHER INFORMATION. 

None. 

16 

PART
III 

ITEM 10.
DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The
following table sets forth the names and positions of our executive officers and directors. Directors will be elected at our annual meeting
of stockholders and serve for one year or until their successors are elected and qualify. Officers are elected by the Board and their
terms of office are, except to the extent governed by employment contract, at the discretion of the Board. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Positions 
 
 Issamar
 Ginzberg 
 
 42 
 
 Director,
 Chief Executive Officer, Treasurer, and Secretary 

Issamar
Ginzberg, Chairman/CEO Mr. Ginzberg is a serial entrepreneur who has assisted entrepreneurs and organizations, consulting on
business strategy and marketing insights. In 2005, Mr. Ginzberg began his own consulting business specializing in the field of strategic
marketing for emerging companies. In 2012, Issamar founded Monetized Intellect Consulting to assist companies with advice and strategy
for communicating their offerings and vision with their current and potential customers and stakeholders. Since 2013, Mr. Ginzberg has
been CEO of It s All From Above, LLC, a consulting firm which has advised hundreds of companies across the world to improve their
business strategy, processes, and marketing and grow their brands. Services include copywriting, brand creation, advisory services on
M A, and business strategy. 

Aside
from his normal business activities, Issamar serves in advisory role to several companies including Marx Bio and Shtar. Additionally,
Mr. Ginzberg is often called upon to give marketing lectures at various companies (i.e. Google, Tel Aviv University and the Jewish National
Fund). Mr. Ginzberg has authored or been interviewed for many articles that have been featured in various publications including The
Washington Post, Prevention Magazine, The Jerusalem Post, CNBC and Fox Business. 

Election
of Directors and Officers 

Directors
are elected to serve until the next annual meeting of stockholders and until their successors have been elected and qualified. Officers
are appointed to serve until the meeting of the Board following the next annual meeting of stockholders and until their successors have
been elected and qualified. 

Directors
are elected to serve until the next annual meeting of stockholders and until their successors have been elected and qualified. Officers
are appointed to serve until the meeting of the Board following the next annual meeting of stockholders and until their successors have
been elected and qualified. 

Audit
Committee 

We
do not have any committees of the Board as we only have one director. 

Director
Independence 

We
do not currently have any independent directors. We evaluate independence by the standards for director independence established by Marketplace
Rule 5605(a)(2) of the Nasdaq Stock Market, Inc. 

Board
Leadership Structure 

We
have chosen to combine the Chief Executive Officer and Board Chairman positions since one person is our sole officer and director. 

17 

Code
of Ethics 

Our
Board has not adopted a Code of Ethics due to the Company s size and lack of employees. As of the date of this Report, our sole
director is also our Chief Executive Officer. 

Delinquent
Section 16(a) Reports 

Section 16(a)
of the Exchange Act requires the Company s directors, executive officers, and persons who own more than 10 of the Company s
Common Stock to file initial reports of ownership and changes in ownership of the Company s Common Stock with the SEC. These individuals
are required by the regulations of the SEC to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. Based solely on a review
of the copies of the forms furnished to us none of Company s directors, executive officers, and persons who own more than 10 of
the Company s Common Stock failed to comply with Section 16(a) filing requirements. 

ITEM 11.
EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The
following information is related to the compensation paid, distributed, or accrued by us for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022
to our Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) during the last fiscal year and the two other most highly compensated executive
officers serving as of the end of the last fiscal year whose compensation exceeded 100,000 (the Named Executive Officers ): 

We
did not pay any compensation to our Chief Executive Officer (the Named Executive Officers during the last two fiscal
years. 

Named
Executive Officer Employment Agreements 

None. 

Termination
Provisions 

As
of the date of this Report, we have no contract, agreement, plan, or arrangement, whether written or unwritten, that provides for payments
to a Named Executive Officer at, following, or in connection with any termination, including without limitation resignation, severance,
retirement or a constructive termination of a Named Executive Officer, or a change in control of the Company or a change in the Named
Executive Officer s responsibilities, with respect to each Named Executive Officer. 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End 

As
of October 31, 2022 none of our Named Executive Officers held any unexercised options, stock that have not vested, or other equity
incentive plan awards. 

Director
Compensation 

To
date, we have not paid our director any compensation for services on our Board. 

Equity
Compensation Plan Information 

The
Company does not have any securities authorized for issuance or outstanding under an equity compensation plan or equity compensation
grants made outside of such a plan. 

18 

ITEM 12.
SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The
following table sets forth certain information regarding beneficial ownership of the Company s Common Stock as of January 18,
2023 by (i) each person who is known by the Company to own beneficially more than 5 of any classes of outstanding Common Stock, (ii)
each director of the Company, (iii) each of the Chief Executive Officers and the executive officers (collectively, the Named Executive
Officers and (iv) all directors and executive officers of the Company as a group based upon 12,531,685 shares outstanding. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owners of Common Stock 
 Title of Class 
 Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership 
 of Common Stock 
 
 Issamar Ginzberg 1185 Avenue of the Americas, 3 rd Floor New York, New York 10036 
 Preferred 
 279,299 
 95.5 (a) 

Common 
 2.054,347 

DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS TOTAL (One Officer and Director) 
 Preferred 
 332,012 
 95.5 (a) 

Common 
 2,054,347 

(a) The
preferred stock has a 1000 to 1 conversion rights for each preferred share held. The ownership percentage is calculated as if the preferred
stock was converted to common stock. 

5 Shareholders 

ATTI, LLC 
2475 Stuart Street 
Brooklyn, NY 11229 
 Common 
 1,152,543 
 7.6 
 
 Raed Atti has voting control 

Israel
Moshe Levy 1185
Avenue of the Americas, 3 rd Floor New
York, New York 10036 
 Preferred 
 279,300 
 95.5 (a) 

Common 
 2,054,347 

Shmuel
Rotbard 1185
Avenue of the Americas, 3 rd Floor New
York, New York 10036 
 Preferred 
 279,300 
 95.5 (a) 

Common 
 2,054,347 

ITEM 13.
CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Not
applicable. 

19 

ITEM 14.
PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

The
following table shows the fees paid or accrued for the audit and other services provided by our independent auditors for the years ended: 

October 31, 2022 
 
 Audit fees 
 43,600 
 
 Total fees paid or accrued to our principal accountant 
 43,600 

20 

PART
IV 

ITEM 15.
EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Under Section 1350 as Adopted Pursuant Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 

101.INS 
 
 XBRL
 Instance Document (furnished herewith) 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Schema Document (furnished herewith) 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document (furnished herewith) 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document (furnished herewith) 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document (furnished herewith) 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document (furnished herewith) 

21 

SIGNATURES 

In
accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

FUSS
 BRANDS CORP. 

Dated:
 January 27, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Issamar Ginzberg 

Issamar
 Ginzberg 

Chief
Executive Officer and 
Chief Financial Officer 
 Principal
Executive Officer, 
Principal Financial Officer 

22 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 fussbrands_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

I,
Issamar Ginzberg, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Fuss Brands Corp.; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period
in which this report is being prepared; 

b) designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a) all
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Dated:
 January 27, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Issamar Ginzberg 

Issamar
 Ginzberg 
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 
Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 fussbrands_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Fuss Brands Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended October 31,
2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Issamar Ginzberg, Chief
Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the
Company. 

Dated:
 January 27, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Issamar Ginzberg 

Issamar
 Ginzberg 
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 
Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 4
 fbds-20221031.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 6
 fbds-20221031_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 7
 fbds-20221031_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 8
 fbds-20221031_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

