<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230223_10-K_edgar_data_737468_0000737468-23-000008.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>24942292</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>384178</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3360520</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>9827530</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>5488203</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>5375590</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000737468-23-000008.hdr.sgml : 20230223
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230223123244
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000737468-23-000008
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		151
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230223
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230223

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			WASHINGTON TRUST BANCORP INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000737468
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		IRS NUMBER:				050404671
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			RI
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-32991
		FILM NUMBER:		23658255

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		23 BROAD ST
		CITY:			WESTERLY
		STATE:			RI
		ZIP:			02891
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4013481200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		23 BROAD STREET
		CITY:			WESTERLY
		STATE:			RI
		ZIP:			02891

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000737468-23-000008.txt : 20230223

10-K
 1
 wash-20221231.htm
 FORM 10-K 12-31-2022

wash-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, DC 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 Annual report pursuant to section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 for the fiscal year ended or 
 Transition report pursuant to section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 for the transition period from ____________ to ____________ 
 Commission file number: 
 . 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) (Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: NONE 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to Section 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant at June 30, 2022 was based on a closing sales price of 48.37 per share as reported on the NASDAQ Stock Market, which includes 35,758,732 held by The Washington Trust Company, of Westerly under trust agreements and other instruments. 
 The number of shares of the registrant s common stock, .0625 par value per share, outstanding as of January 31, 2023 was . 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

-2- 

FORM 10-K 
 WASHINGTON TRUST BANCORP, INC. 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Description Page 
 Number 
 Glossary of Acronyms and Terms 
 4 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 6 
 Part I 
 Item 1 
 Business 
 7 
 Item 1A 
 Risk Factors 
 18 
 Item 1B 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 28 
 Item 2 
 Properties 
 28 
 Item 3 
 Legal Proceedings 
 29 
 Item 4 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 29 
 Part II 
 Item 5 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 30 
 Item 6 
 Reserved 
 31 
 Item 7 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 32 
 Item 7A 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 64 
 Item 8 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 65 
 Item 9 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 131 
 Item 9A 
 Controls and Procedures 
 131 
 Item 9B 
 Other Information 
 131 
 Part III 
 Item 10 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 132 
 Item 11 
 Executive Compensation 
 132 
 Item 12 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 132 
 Item 13 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 132 
 Item 14 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 132 
 Part IV 
 Item 15 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 133 
 Item 16 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 137 
 Signatures 
 138 

-3- 

Glossary of Acronyms and Terms 

The following is a list of acronyms and terms that are used throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 
 
 2003 Stock Incentive Plan Washington Trust Bancorp, Inc.'s 2003 Stock Incentive Plan 2013 Stock Option and Incentive Plan Washington Trust Bancorp, Inc.'s 2013 Stock Option and Incentive Plan 2022 Long Term Incentive Plan Washington Trust Bancorp, Inc.'s 2022 Long Term Incentive Plan 2019 Repurchase Program Washington Trust Bancorp, Inc.'s Stock Repurchase Program adopted on December 2, 2019 2021 Repurchase Program Washington Trust Bancorp, Inc.'s Stock Repurchase Program adopted on November 10, 2021 2023 Repurchase Program Washington Trust Bancorp, Inc.'s Stock Repurchase Program commencing January 1, 2023 ACL Allowance for credit losses Advisers Act Investment Advisers Act of 1940 ALCO Asset/Liability Committee AOCI Accumulated other comprehensive income AOCL Accumulated other comprehensive loss ASC Accounting Standards Codification ASU Accounting Standards Update ATM Automated teller machine AUA Assets under administration Bancorp Washington Trust Bancorp, Inc. Bank The Washington Trust Company, of Westerly BHCA Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended BOLI Bank-owned life insurance BSA Bank Secrecy Act C I Commercial and industrial CARES Act Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act CDARS Certificate of Deposit Account Registry Service CFPB Consumer Financial Protection Bureau Code Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended Corporation The Bancorp and its subsidiaries COSO Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission CRA Community Reinvestment Act CRE Commercial real estate CRRSA Act Coronavirus Response and Relief Supplemental Appropriations Act DCF Discounted cash flow DDM Demand Deposit Marketplace Dodd-Frank Act Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010, as amended Economic Growth Act Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act EPS Earnings per common share ERISA Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ERM Enterprise risk management Exchange Act Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended FACT Act Fair and Accurate Credit Transactions Act of 2003 FDIA Federal Deposit Insurance Act FDIC Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Federal Reserve Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System FHLB Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston FRBB Federal Reserve Bank of Boston 
 
 -4- 

Glossary of Acronyms and Terms 

 FTE Fully taxable equivalent GAAP Accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GDP Gross domestic product GLBA Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999 Halsey Halsey Associates, Inc. HPI National home price index ICS Insured Cash Sweep LTV Loan to value NIM Net interest margin NUR National unemployment rate OFAC U.S. Treasury s Office of Foreign Assets Control OREO Property acquired through foreclosure or repossession PPP Paycheck Protection Program Proxy Statement Bancorp s Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held April 25, 2023 RI Division of Banking Rhode Island Department of Business Regulation, Division of Banking ROU Right-of-use S P Standard and Poors, Inc. SBA Small Business Administration SEC U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SOFR Secured Overnight Financing Rate TDR Troubled debt restructuring TILA Truth in Lending Act Trust I WT Capital Trust I Trust II WT Capital Trust II USA PATRIOT Act Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 Washington Trust The Bancorp and its subsidiaries Weston Weston Financial Group, Inc. WTA Washington Trust Advisors, Inc. WTMC Washington Trust Mortgage Company LLC 
 
 -5- 

Forward-Looking Statements 
 This report contains statements that are forward-looking statements. We may also make forward-looking statements in other documents we file with the SEC, in our annual reports to shareholders, in press releases and other written materials, and in oral statements made by our officers, directors or employees. You can identify forward-looking statements by the use of the words believe, expect, anticipate, intend, estimate, assume, outlook, will, should, and other expressions that predict or indicate future events and trends and which do not relate to historical matters. You should not rely on forward-looking statements, because they involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, some of which are beyond our control. These risks, uncertainties and other factors may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different than the anticipated future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. 
 
 Some of the factors that might cause these differences include the following: 
 changes in political, business and economic conditions, including inflation; 
 interest rate changes or volatility, as well as changes in the balance and mix of loans and deposits; 
 changes in loan demand and collectability; 
 the possibility that future credits losses are higher than currently expected due to changes in economic assumptions or adverse economic developments; 
 ongoing volatility in national and international financial markets; 
 reductions in the market value or outflows of wealth management AUA; 
 decreases in the value of securities and other assets; 
 increases in defaults and charge-off rates; 
 changes in the size and nature of our competition; 
 changes in legislation or regulation and accounting principles, policies and guidelines; 
 operational risks including, but not limited to, changes in information technology, cybersecurity incidents, fraud, natural disasters, war, terrorism, civil unrest, the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, and future pandemics; 
 reputational risks; and 
 changes in the assumptions used in making such forward-looking statements. 
 
 In addition, the factors described under Risk Factors in Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K may result in these differences. You should carefully review all of these factors and you should be aware that there may be other factors that could cause these differences. These forward-looking statements were based on information, plans and estimates at the date of this report, and we assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect changes in underlying assumptions or factors, new information, future events or other changes. 

-6- 

PART I 
 
 ITEM 1. Business. 
 
 Washington Trust Bancorp, Inc. 
 The Bancorp, a publicly-owned registered bank holding company that has elected to be a financial holding company, was organized in 1984 under the laws of the state of Rhode Island. The Bancorp s common stock trades on the NASDAQ Stock Market under the symbol WASH. The Bancorp owns all of the outstanding common stock of the Bank, a Rhode Island chartered financial institution founded in 1800. The Bancorp was formed in 1984 under a plan of reorganization in which outstanding common shares of the Bank were exchanged for common shares of the Bancorp. See additional information under the caption Subsidiaries. 
 
 Washington Trust offers a full range of financial services, including commercial, residential and consumer lending, retail and commercial deposit products, and wealth management and trust services. 
 
 The accounting and reporting policies of Washington Trust conform to GAAP and to general practices of the banking industry. At December 31, 2022, Washington Trust had total assets of 6.7 billion, total deposits of 5.0 billion and total shareholders equity of 453.7 million. 
 
 Lending Activities 
 Washington Trust s total loan portfolio amounted to 5.1 billion, or 77 of total assets, at December 31, 2022. The Corporation classifies loans as commercial, residential real estate or consumer. The Corporation s lending activities are conducted primarily in southern New England and, to a lesser extent, other states. Washington Trust offers a variety of commercial and retail lending products. Interest rates charged on loans may be fixed or variable and vary with the degree of risk, loan term, underwriting and servicing costs, loan amount and the extent of other banking relationships maintained with customers. Rates are further subject to competitive pressures, the current interest rate environment, availability of funds and government regulations. 
 
 Management evaluates the appropriateness of underwriting standards in response to changes in national and regional economic conditions, including such matters as market interest rates, energy prices, trends in real estate values and employment levels. Based on management s assessment of these matters, underwriting standards and credit monitoring activities are enhanced from time to time in response to changes in these conditions. These assessments may result in clarification of debt service ratio calculations, changes in geographic and loan type concentrations, modifications to LTV standards for real estate collateral, changes in credit monitoring criteria and enhancements to monitoring of construction loans. 
 
 Commercial Loans 
 The commercial loan portfolio represented 49 of total loans at December 31, 2022. In making commercial loans, Washington Trust may occasionally solicit the participation of other banks. Washington Trust also participates from time to time in commercial loans originated by other banks. In such cases, these loans are individually underwritten by us using standards similar to those employed for our self-originated loans. Our participation in commercial loans originated by other banks also includes shared national credits. Shared national credits are defined as participation in loans or loan commitments of at least 100 million that are shared by three or more banks. Commercial loans fall into two major categories: CRE and C I loans. 
 
 CRE loans consist of commercial mortgages secured by real property where the primary source of repayment is derived from rental income associated with the property or the proceeds of the sale, refinancing or permanent financing of the property. CRE loans also include construction loans made to businesses for land development or the on-site construction of industrial, commercial or residential buildings. CRE loans frequently involve larger loan balances to single borrowers or groups of related borrowers. At December 31, 2022, CRE loans represented 74 of the total commercial loan portfolio and 36 of the total loan portfolio. 
 
 C I loans primarily provide working capital, equipment financing and financing for other business-related purposes. C I loans are frequently collateralized by equipment, inventory, accounts receivable and/or general business assets. A portion of the Bank s C I loan portfolio is also collateralized by real estate. C I loans also include PPP loans that are fully guaranteed by the U.S. government, tax-exempt loans made to states and political subdivisions, as well as industrial development or 
 
 -7- 

revenue bonds issued through quasi-public corporations for the benefit of a private or non-profit entity where that entity rather than the governmental entity is obligated to pay the debt service. At December 31, 2022, C I loans represented 26 of the total commercial loan portfolio and 13 of the total loan portfolio. 
 
 Residential Real Estate Loans 
 The residential real estate loan portfolio consists of mortgage and homeowner construction loans secured by one- to four-family residential properties and represented 45 of total loans at December 31, 2022. Residential real estate loans are primarily originated by commissioned mortgage originator employees. Residential real estate loans are originated both for retention in the Bank s loan portfolio, as well as for sale to the secondary market. Loan sales to the secondary market provide funds for additional lending and other banking activities. Loans originated for sale to the secondary market are sold to investors such as the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation, Federal National Mortgage Association and other institutional investors. Washington Trust sells loans with servicing retained or released. Residential real estate loans are also originated for various investors in a broker capacity, including conventional mortgages and reverse mortgages. 
 
 Also included in the residential real estate loan portfolio are mortgage loans purchased from and serviced by other financial institutions. These loans are individually evaluated at time of purchase to Washington Trust s underwriting standards and are secured by one- to four-family residential properties in southern New England and other states. As of December 31, 2022, purchased residential mortgages serviced by others were largely secured by properties located in Massachusetts and represented 3 of the total residential real estate loan portfolio and 1 of the total loan portfolio. 
 
 Consumer Loans 
 The consumer loan portfolio represented 6 of total loans as of December 31, 2022. Consumer loans include home equity loans and lines of credit and personal installment loans. Home equity lines and home equity loans represent 95 of the total consumer portfolio at December 31, 2022. 
 
 Also included in the consumer loan portfolio are purchased loans to individuals secured by general aviation aircraft. These loans were individually underwritten by us at the time of purchase using standards similar to those employed for self-originated consumer loans. At December 31, 2022, these purchased loans represented 3 of the total consumer loan portfolio and 0.2 of the total loan portfolio. 
 
 Deposit Activities 
 At December 31, 2022, total deposits amounted to 5.0 billion. Deposits represent Washington Trust s primary source of funds and are gathered primarily from the areas surrounding our branch network. The Bank offers a wide variety of deposit products with a range of interest rates and terms to consumer, commercial, non-profit and municipal deposit customers. Washington Trust s deposit accounts consist of noninterest-bearing demand deposits, interest-bearing demand deposits, NOW accounts, money market accounts, savings accounts and time deposits. A variety of retirement deposit accounts are offered to customers. Additional deposit services provided to customers include debit cards, ATMs, telephone banking, internet banking, mobile banking, remote deposit capture and other cash management services. Wholesale brokered deposits from out-of-market institutional sources are also utilized as part of our overall funding strategy. 
 
 Washington Trust is a participant in the DDM program, the ICS program and the CDARS program. Washington Trust uses these deposit sweep services to place customer and client funds into interest-bearing demand accounts, money market accounts, and/or certificates of deposits issued by other participating banks. Customer and client funds are placed at one or more participating banks to ensure that each deposit customer is eligible for the full amount of FDIC insurance. As a program participant, we receive reciprocal amounts of deposits from other participating banks. We consider these reciprocal deposit balances to be in-market deposits as distinguished from traditional wholesale brokered deposits. 
 
 Investment Security Activities 
 Washington Trust s investment securities portfolio amounted to 1.0 billion, or 15 of total assets, at December 31, 2022 and is managed to generate interest income, to implement interest rate risk management strategies and to provide a readily available source of liquidity for balance sheet management. 
 
 Washington Trust may acquire, hold and transact in various types of investment securities in accordance with applicable federal regulations, state statutes and guidelines specified in Washington Trust s internal investment policy. At December 31, 2022, the investment securities portfolio consisted of obligations of U.S. government agencies and U.S. 
 
 -8- 

government-sponsored enterprises, including mortgage-backed securities; individual name issuer trust preferred debt securities; and corporate bonds. 
 
 Wholesale Funding Activities 
 The Bank is a member of the FHLB. The Bank utilizes advances from the FHLB to meet short-term liquidity needs and also to fund loan growth and additions to the securities portfolio. As a member of the FHLB, the Bank must own a minimum amount of FHLB stock, calculated periodically based primarily on its level of borrowings from the FHLB. At December 31, 2022, the Bank had advances payable to the FHLB of 980.0 million. As of December 31, 2022, the Bank had access to a 40.0 million unused line of credit with the FHLB. The Bank had remaining available borrowing capacity with the FHLB of 668.3 million at December 31, 2022. The Bank pledges certain qualified investment securities and loans as collateral to the FHLB. 
 
 Additional funding sources are available through the FRBB and in other forms of borrowing, such as securities sold under repurchase agreements. As noted above under the caption Deposit Activities, the Corporation also utilizes wholesale brokered deposits as part of its overall funding program. 
 
 Wealth Management Services 
 Washington Trust provides a broad range of wealth management services to personal and institutional clients. These services include investment management; holistic financial planning services; personal trust and estate services, including services as trustee, personal representative, custodian and guardian; settlement of decedents estates; and institutional trust services, including custody and fiduciary services. Wealth management services are provided through the Bank and its registered investment adviser subsidiary. See additional information under the caption Subsidiaries. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, wealth management AUA totaled 6.0 billion. These assets are not included in the Consolidated Financial Statements. Washington Trust s wealth management revenues represented 18 of total revenues in December 31, 2022. A substantial portion of wealth management revenues is dependent on the value of wealth management AUA and is closely tied to the performance of the financial markets. This portion of wealth management revenues is referred to as asset-based and includes trust and investment management fees. Wealth management revenues also include transaction-based revenues, such as commissions and other service fees that are not primarily derived from the value of assets. 
 
 Subsidiaries 
 At December 31, 2022, the Bancorp s principal subsidiary is the Bank. 
 
 The Bancorp also owns all of the outstanding common stock of Trust I and Trust II, special purpose finance entities formed with the sole purpose of issuing trust preferred debt securities and investing the proceeds in junior subordinated debentures of the Bancorp. See Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 
 In the fourth quarter of 2022, Weston Securities Corporation, formerly a subsidiary of the Bancorp, was dissolved and its net assets were transferred to the Bancorp though a return of capital. 
 
 The following is a description of Bancorp s principal subsidiary: 
 
 The Washington Trust Company, of Westerly 
 The Bank was originally chartered in 1800 as the Washington Bank and is the largest state-chartered bank headquartered in Rhode Island and the oldest community bank in the nation. Its current charter dates to 1902. 
 
 The Bank provides a full range of financial services, including commercial, residential and consumer lending, retail and commercial deposit products, and wealth management and trust services. The deposits of the Bank are insured by the FDIC, subject to regulatory limits. The Bank has a registered investment adviser subsidiary, WTA. The Bank also has a mortgage banking subsidiary, WTMC that is licensed to do business in Rhode Island, Massachusetts, Connecticut and New Hampshire. See -Supervision and Regulation-Consumer Protection Regulation for a discussion of certain regulations that apply to WTMC. Washington Trust s residential mortgage origination business conducted in our residential mortgage lending offices located outside of Rhode Island is performed by this Bank subsidiary. 

-9- 

The Bank has other subsidiaries whose primary functions are to provide servicing on passive investments, such as loans acquired from the Bank and investment securities. In addition, the Bank has a subsidiary that was formed for the purpose of holding, monitoring and disposing of certain foreclosed properties. 
 
 Market Area 
 Washington Trust s headquarters and main office is located in Westerly in Washington County, Rhode Island. Washington Trust s primary deposit gathering area consists of the communities that are served by its branch network. As of December 31, 2022, the Bank had 10 branch offices located in southern Rhode Island (Washington County), 14 branch offices located in the greater Providence area in Rhode Island and 1 branch office located in southeastern Connecticut. In August 2022, we opened a new full-service branch in Cumberland, Rhode Island. In addition, we announced that we submitted applications to establish a branch office in three northern Rhode Island locations in 2023 to further expand our branch footprint and serve the broader Rhode Island community. The three branch offices will be located in Barrington, Providence and Smithfield, Rhode Island and are subject to federal, state, local, and regulatory approvals. 
 
 As noted above, Washington Trust s lending activities are conducted primarily in southern New England and, to a lesser extent, other states. In addition to branch offices, the Bank has a commercial lending office at its main office and in the financial district of Providence, Rhode Island. In addition, in July 2022, the Bank opened a new commercial lending office in New Haven, Connecticut. Washington Trust also has 6 residential mortgage lending offices located in eastern Massachusetts (Sharon, Burlington, Braintree and Wellesley); in Glastonbury, Connecticut; and in Warwick, Rhode Island. 
 
 Washington Trust provides wealth management services from its offices located in Westerly, Narragansett and Providence, Rhode Island; Wellesley, Massachusetts; and New Haven, Connecticut. 
 
 Competition 
 Washington Trust faces considerable competition in its market area for all aspects of banking and related financial service activities. 
 
 Washington Trust contends with strong competition both in generating loans and attracting deposits. The primary factors in competing are interest rates, financing terms, fees charged, products offered, personalized customer service, online and mobile access to accounts and convenience of branch locations, ATMs and branch hours. Competition comes from commercial banks, credit unions, savings institutions and internet banks, as well as other non-bank institutions. Washington Trust faces strong competition from larger institutions with relatively greater resources, broader product lines and larger delivery systems. Competition could intensify in the future as a result of industry consolidation, the increasing availability of products and services from non-bank institutions and financial technology companies, greater technological developments in the industry and continued bank regulatory changes. 
 
 Washington Trust operates in a highly competitive wealth management services marketplace. Key competitive factors include investment performance, quality and level of service, as well as personal relationships. Principal competitors in the wealth management services business are commercial banks and trust companies, investment advisory firms, mutual fund companies, online and full-service stock brokerage firms and other financial companies. Many of these companies have greater resources than Washington Trust. 
 
 Human Capital 
 Washington Trust had 651 full-time equivalent employees at December 31, 2022. Our employees are the foundation of our success. They serve as trusted advisors, brand ambassadors, and leaders within the community, embodying our core values of quality, integrity and community. We believe that providing caring, personal customer service with a human connection is an important differentiator for Washington Trust, especially in this digital age. We seek to build strong relationships with our customers and understand their needs and challenges. Our talented team is committed to providing an exceptional customer experience by listening and providing trusted advice and personalized solutions. 
 
 We invest in our employees. Our employees are on a learning journey that continues throughout their employment and focuses on building industry and job specific knowledge, as well as refining technical and interpersonal skills. We recognize that each position builds a foundation for the next, and therefore, make a conscious effort to provide opportunities for professional growth and advancement. However, we also see the value in bringing new perspectives to our team through external hires, and always seek to hire the best and brightest employees who share our commitment to providing a superior customer experience with each interaction. Attracting and retaining top talent continues to be challenging, and an important 
 
 -10- 

tool in our human capital strategy is the availability of a remote or hybrid scheduling option for many of our team members. To ensure human connectivity, continued collaboration and team engagement, we have adopted a philosophy of intentional presence regardless of an individual's physical location. 
 
 We strive to create an environment where people feel valued and empowered. We take numerous steps to ensure that we are providing a satisfying work experience for employees. We evaluate compensation in relation to market trends and internal pay equity to ensure that we are providing fair and competitive pay; promote and recognize employees for their work successes; provide training and professional development opportunities for employees to enhance their skills; offer a flexible, wide-ranging benefit package to meet the diverse needs of our workforce; and provide policies and benefits to help employees create a work-life balance. 
 
 Additionally, we employ a robust succession planning process, which begins by determining critical roles within the organization; identifying core competencies for individuals in those roles; identifying and assessing possible successors; and providing opportunities for those individuals to develop and hone core competencies through training, mentoring and professional experience. This process is essential to ensure leadership continuity in key positions, retain and develop intellectual and knowledge capital for the future, and encourage professional development. 
 
 We are committed to fostering an inclusive culture that respects and values the diversity of our employees, customers, and community, where all ideas, perspectives and experiences are heard. A diverse and inclusive workforce enables us to better understand the needs and challenges of our customers so we can build stronger relationships. We recognize that an inclusive environment will foster increased collaboration, problem-solving, innovation and creativity, ultimately driving positive results. We also recognize that being viewed as an employer that champions diversity, inclusion and equality of opportunity can provide a talent advantage allowing us to attract, hire and retain the best talent available. We have a formalized strategy that guides our diversity, equity inclusion DE I efforts, focusing on four pillars culture and employee experience; recruitment, development and retention; leadership and workforce engagement; and impactful community relationships. To assist us in implementing our DE I strategy, we have formed a DE I Council, a cross functional group of colleagues representing different perspectives, backgrounds and experiences. The DE I Council assists us with developing a diverse talent pipeline; identifying areas for increased education and awareness; providing insight into organizational climate and culture; implementing DE I initiatives; promoting the use of best practices; and identifying opportunities for Washington Trust to engage with its broader communities. 
 
 Statistical Disclosures 
 The information required by Securities Act Guide 3 Statistical Disclosure by Bank Holding Companies is located on the pages noted below. 
 Description Page I. Distribution of Assets, Liabilities and Stockholder Equity; Interest Rates and Interest Differentials 
 35-38 II. Investment Portfolio 43-45, 87 III. Loan Portfolio 45-49, 90 IV. Summary of Loan Loss Experience 54-57, 99 V. Deposits 57-58, 110 VI. Return on Equity and Assets 34 
 
 Supervision and Regulation 
 The following discussion addresses elements of the regulatory framework applicable to Washington Trust. This regulatory framework is intended primarily to protect the safety and soundness of depository institutions, the federal deposit insurance system and depositors, rather than the shareholders of a bank holding company such as the Bancorp. 
 
 The following discussion is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the statutes, regulations, policies and guidelines described below. 
 
 Regulation of the Bancorp 
 As a bank holding company, the Bancorp is subject to regulation, supervision and examination by the Federal Reserve under the BHCA, and the RI Division of Banking. 
 
 -11- 

The Federal Reserve has the authority, among other things, to order bank holding companies to cease and desist from unsafe or unsound banking practices; to assess civil money penalties; and to order termination of non-banking activities or termination of ownership and control of a non-banking subsidiary by a bank holding company. 
 
 Source of Strength. Under the BHCA, as amended by the Dodd-Frank Act, the Bancorp is required to serve as a source of financial strength for the Bank. This support may be required at times when the Bancorp may not have the resources to provide support to the Bank. In the event of a bank holding company s bankruptcy, any commitment by the bank holding company to a federal bank regulatory agency to maintain the capital of a bank subsidiary will be assumed by the bankruptcy trustee and entitled to a priority of payment. 
 
 Acquisitions and Activities. The BHCA prohibits a bank holding company, without prior approval of the Federal Reserve, from acquiring all or substantially all the assets of a bank, acquiring control of a bank, merging or consolidating with another bank holding company, or acquiring direct or indirect ownership or control of any voting shares of another bank or bank holding company if, after such acquisition, the acquiring bank holding company would control more than 5 of any class of the voting shares of such other bank or bank holding company. 
 
 The BHCA also generally prohibits a bank holding company from engaging directly or indirectly in activities other than those of banking, managing or controlling banks or furnishing services to its subsidiary banks. However, among other permitted activities, a bank holding company may engage directly or indirectly in, and acquire control of companies engaged in, activities that the Federal Reserve has determined to be closely related to banking or managing and controlling banks, subject to certain notification requirements. In 2005, the Bancorp elected financial holding company status pursuant to the provisions of the GLBA. As a financial holding company, the Bancorp is authorized to engage in certain financial activities in which a bank holding company that has not elected to be a financial holding company may not engage. Financial activities is broadly defined to include not only banking, insurance and securities activities, but also merchant banking and additional activities that the Federal Reserve, in consultation with the Secretary of the Treasury, determines to be financial in nature, incidental to such financial activities, or complementary activities that do not pose a substantial risk to the safety and soundness of depository institutions or the financial system generally. 
 
 If a financial holding company or any depository institution subsidiary of a financial holding company fails to remain well capitalized and well managed, the Federal Reserve may impose such limitations on the conduct or activities of the financial holding company as the Federal Reserve determines to be appropriate, and the company and its affiliates may not commence any new activity or acquire control of shares of any company engaged in any activity that is authorized particularly for financial holding companies without first obtaining the approval of the Federal Reserve. The company must also enter into an agreement with the Federal Reserve to comply with all applicable requirements to qualify as a financial holding company. If a financial holding company remains out of compliance for 180 days or such longer period as the Federal Reserve permits, the Federal Reserve may require the financial holding company to divest either its insured depository institution or all of its non-banking subsidiaries engaged in activities not permissible for a bank holding company. If an insured depository institution subsidiary of a financial holding company fails to maintain a satisfactory or better record of performance under the CRA, the financial holding company will be prohibited, until the rating is raised to satisfactory or better, from engaging in new activities authorized particularly for financial holding companies or acquiring companies engaged in such activities. 
 
 Limitations on Acquisitions of Bancorp Common Stock. The Change in Bank Control Act prohibits a person or group of persons from acquiring control of a bank holding company unless the Federal Reserve has been notified and has not objected to the transaction. Under rebuttable presumptions of control established by the Federal Reserve, the acquisition of control of voting securities of a bank holding company constitutes an acquisition of control under the Change in Bank Control Act, requiring prior notice to the Federal Reserve, if, immediately after the transaction, the acquiring person (or persons acting in concert) will own, control, or hold with power to vote 10 or more of any class of voting securities of the bank holding company, and if either (i) the bank holding company has registered securities under Section 12 of the Exchange Act, or (ii) no other person will own, control, or hold the power to vote a greater percentage of that class of voting securities immediately after the transaction. 
 
 In addition, the BHCA prohibits any company from acquiring control of a bank or bank holding company without first having obtained the approval of the Federal Reserve. Among other circumstances, under the BHCA, a company has control of a bank or bank holding company if the company owns, controls or holds with power to vote 25 or more of a class of voting securities of the bank or bank holding company, controls in any manner the election of a majority of directors or 
 
 -12- 

trustees of the bank or bank holding company, or the Federal Reserve has determined, after notice and opportunity for hearing, that the company has the power to exercise a controlling influence over the management or policies of the bank or bank holding company. The Federal Reserve has established presumptions of control under which the acquisition of control of 5 or more of a class of voting securities of a bank holding company, together with other factors enumerated by the Federal Reserve, could constitute the acquisition of control of a bank holding company for purposes of the BHCA. 
 
 Regulation of the Bank 
 The Bank is subject to the regulation, supervision and examination by the FDIC, the RI Division of Banking and the Connecticut Department of Banking. The Bank is also subject to various Rhode Island and Connecticut business and banking regulations and the regulations issued by the CFPB (as enforced by the FDIC). The Federal Reserve may also directly examine the subsidiaries of the Bancorp, including the Bank. 
 
 The FDIC, the RI Division of Banking and the Connecticut Department of Banking have the authority to issue cease and desist orders; to terminate insurance of deposits; to assess civil money penalties; to issue directives to increase capital; to place the bank into receivership; and to initiate injunctive actions against banking organizations and institution-related parties. 
 
 Deposit Insurance. The deposit obligations of the Bank are insured by the FDIC s Deposit Insurance Fund up to 250,000 per depositor with respect to deposits held in the same right and capacity. Deposit insurance premiums are based on assets. The FDIC calculates deposit insurance assessment rates for established small banks, generally those banks with less than 10 billion of assets that have been insured for at least five years, using the CAMELS rating system and other factors. The CAMELS rating system is a supervisory rating system designed to take into account and reflect all financial and operational risks that a bank may face, including capital adequacy, asset quality, management capability, earnings, liquidity and sensitivity to market risk. To determine a bank s assessment rate, each of seven financial ratios and a weighted average of CAMELS component ratings are multiplied by a corresponding pricing multiplier. The sum of these products is added to a uniform amount, with the resulting sum being an institution s initial base assessment rate (subject to minimum or maximum assessment rates based on a bank s CAMELS composite rating). This method takes into account various measures, including an institution s leverage ratio, brokered deposit ratio, one year asset growth, the ratio of net income before taxes to total assets and considerations related to asset quality. 
 
 The FDIC has the authority to adjust deposit insurance assessment rates at any time. In addition, under the FDIA, the FDIC may terminate deposit insurance, among other circumstances, upon a finding that the institution has engaged in unsafe and unsound practices, is in an unsafe or unsound condition to continue operations, or has violated any applicable law, regulation, rule, order or condition imposed by the FDIC. For 2022, the FDIC insurance expense for the Bank was 1.7 million. 
 
 Acquisitions and Branching. Prior approval from the RI Division of Banking and the FDIC is required in order for the Bank to acquire another bank or establish a new branch office. Well capitalized and well managed banks may acquire other banks in any state, subject to certain deposit concentration limits and other conditions, pursuant to the Riegle-Neal Interstate Banking and Branching Efficiency Act of 1994, as amended by the Dodd-Frank Act. In addition, the Dodd-Frank Act authorizes a state-chartered bank, such as the Bank, to establish new branches on an interstate basis to the same extent a bank chartered by the host state may establish branches. 
 
 Activities and Investments of Insured State-Chartered Banks. The FDIA generally limits the types of equity investments an FDIC-insured state-chartered bank, such as the Bank, may make and the kinds of activities in which such a bank may engage, as a principal, to those that are permissible for national banks. Further, the GLBA permits national banks and state banks, to the extent permitted under state law, to engage via financial subsidiaries in certain activities that are permissible for subsidiaries of a financial holding company. In order to form a financial subsidiary, a state-chartered bank must be well capitalized, and such banks must comply with certain capital deduction, risk management and affiliate transaction rules, among other requirements. 
 
 Brokered Deposits. The FDIA and FDIC regulations generally limit the ability of an insured depository institution to accept, renew or roll over any brokered deposit unless the institution s capital category is well capitalized or, with the FDIC s approval, adequately capitalized. Depository institutions that have brokered deposits in excess of 10 of total assets may be subject to increased FDIC deposit insurance premium assessments. However, for institutions that are well capitalized and have a CAMELS composite rating of 1 or 2, reciprocal deposits are deducted from brokered deposits. Section 202 of the 
 
 -13- 

Economic Growth Act, which was enacted in 2018, amends the FDIA to exempt a capped amount of reciprocal deposits from treatment as brokered deposits for certain insured depository institutions. 
 
 Community Reinvestment Act. The CRA requires the FDIC to evaluate the Bank s performance in helping to meet the credit needs of the entire community it serves, including low- and moderate-income neighborhoods, consistent with its safe and sound banking operations, and to take this record into consideration when evaluating certain applications. The FDIC s CRA regulations are generally based upon objective criteria of the performance of institutions under three key assessment tests: (i) a lending test, to evaluate the institution s record of making loans in its service areas; (ii) an investment test, to evaluate the institution s record of investing in community development projects, affordable housing, and programs benefiting low- or moderate-income individuals and businesses; and (iii) a service test, to evaluate the institution s delivery of services through its branches, ATMs and other offices. Failure of an institution to receive at least a satisfactory rating could inhibit the Bank or the Bancorp from undertaking certain activities, including engaging in activities permitted as a financial holding company under GLBA and acquisitions of other financial institutions. The Bank has achieved a rating of satisfactory on its most recent examination dated July 29, 2019. Rhode Island and Connecticut also have enacted substantially similar community reinvestment requirements. 
 
 Lending Restrictions. Federal law limits a bank s authority to extend credit to directors and executive officers of the bank or its affiliates and persons or companies that own, control or have power to vote more than 10 of any class of securities of a bank or an affiliate of a bank, as well as to entities controlled by such persons. Among other things, extensions of credit to insiders are required to be made on terms that are substantially the same as, and follow credit underwriting procedures that are not less stringent than, those prevailing for comparable transactions with unaffiliated persons. Also, the terms of such extensions of credit may not involve more than the normal risk of repayment or present other unfavorable features and may not exceed certain limitations on the amount of credit extended to such persons, individually and in the aggregate, which limits are based, in part, on the amount of the bank s capital. 
 
 Capital Adequacy and Safety and Soundness 
 Regulatory Capital Requirements. The Federal Reserve and the FDIC have issued substantially similar risk-based and leverage capital rules applicable to U.S. banking organizations such as the Bancorp and the Bank. These rules are intended to reflect the relationship between a banking organization s capital and the degree of risk associated with its operations based on transactions recorded on-balance sheet as well as off-balance sheet items. The Federal Reserve and the FDIC may from time to time require that a banking organization maintain capital above the minimum levels discussed below, due to the banking organization s financial condition or actual or anticipated growth. 
 
 The capital adequacy rules define qualifying capital instruments and specify minimum amounts of capital as a percentage of assets that banking organizations are required to maintain. Common equity Tier 1 generally includes common stock and related surplus, retained earnings and, in certain cases and subject to certain limitations, minority interests in consolidated subsidiaries, less goodwill, other non-qualifying intangible assets and certain other deductions. Tier 1 capital generally consists of the sum of common equity Tier 1 elements, non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock, and related surplus and, in certain cases and subject to limitations, minority interests in consolidated subsidiaries that do not qualify as common equity Tier 1 capital, less certain deductions. Tier 2 capital generally consists of hybrid capital instruments, perpetual debt and mandatory convertible debt securities, cumulative perpetual preferred stock, term subordinated debt and intermediate-term preferred stock, and, subject to limitations, ACL on loans. The sum of Tier 1 and Tier 2 capital less certain required deductions represents qualifying total risk-based capital. Prior to the effectiveness of certain provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act, bank holding companies were permitted to include trust preferred securities and cumulative perpetual preferred stock in Tier 1 capital, subject to limitations. However, the Federal Reserve s capital rule applicable to bank holding companies permanently grandfathers non-qualifying capital instruments, including trust preferred securities, issued before May 19, 2010 by depository institution holding companies with less than 15 billion in total assets as of December 31, 2009, subject to a limit of 25 of Tier 1 capital. The Bancorp s currently outstanding trust preferred securities were grandfathered under this rule. In addition, under rules that became effective January 1, 2015, AOCI (positive or negative) must be reflected in Tier 1 capital; however, the Bancorp and the Bank were permitted to make a one-time, permanent election to continue to exclude AOCI from capital. The Bancorp and the Bank made this election. 
 
 Under the capital rules, risk-based capital ratios are calculated by dividing common equity Tier 1 capital, Tier 1 capital and total capital, respectively, by risk-weighted assets. Assets and off-balance sheet credit equivalents are assigned one of several categories of risk weights based primarily on relative risk. Under the Federal Reserve s rules applicable to the Bancorp and the FDIC s capital rules applicable to the Bank, the Bancorp and the Bank are each required to maintain a minimum common 
 
 -14- 

equity Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets ratio of 4.5 , a minimum Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets ratio of 6.0 , a minimum total capital to risk-weighted assets ratio of 8.0 and a minimum leverage ratio requirement of 4.0 . Additionally, these rules require an institution to establish a capital conservation buffer of common equity Tier 1 capital in an amount above the minimum risk-based capital requirements for adequately capitalized institutions of more than 2.5 of total risk weighted assets, or face restrictions on the ability to pay dividends, pay discretionary bonuses, and to engage in share repurchases. 
 
 Under the FDIC s prompt corrective action rules, an FDIC supervised institution is considered well capitalized if it (i) has a total capital to risk-weighted assets ratio of 10.0 or greater; (ii) a Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets ratio of 8.0 or greater; (iii) a common Tier 1 equity ratio of 6.5 or greater, (iv) a leverage capital ratio of 5.0 or greater; and (v) is not subject to any written agreement, order, capital directive, or prompt corrective action directive to meet and maintain a specific capital level for any capital measure. The Bank is considered well capitalized under this definition. 
 
 Generally, a bank, upon receiving notice that it is not adequately capitalized (i.e., that it is undercapitalized ), becomes subject to the prompt corrective action provisions of Section 38 of FDIA that, for example, (i) restrict payment of capital distributions and management fees, (ii) require that its federal bank regulator monitor the condition of the institution and its efforts to restore its capital, (iii) require submission of a capital restoration plan, (iv) restrict the growth of the institution s assets and (v) require prior regulatory approval of certain expansion proposals. A bank that is required to submit a capital restoration plan must concurrently submit a performance guarantee by each company that controls the bank. A bank that is critically undercapitalized (i.e., has a ratio of tangible equity to total assets that is equal to or less than 2.0 will be subject to further restrictions, and generally will be placed in conservatorship or receivership within 90 days. 
 
 Current capital rules do not establish standards for determining whether a bank holding company is well capitalized. However, for purposes of processing regulatory applications and notices, the Federal Reserve Board s Regulation Y provides that a bank holding company is considered well capitalized if (i) on a consolidated basis, the bank holding company maintains a total risk-based capital ratio of 10.0 or greater; (ii) on a consolidated basis, the bank holding company maintains a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 6.0 or greater; and (iii) the bank holding company is not subject to any written agreement, order, capital directive, or prompt corrective action directive issued by the Board to meet and maintain a specific capital level for any capital measure. The Bancorp is considered well capitalized under this definition. A banking organization that qualifies for and elects to use the community bank leverage framework described below will be considered well capitalized as long as it is not subject to any written agreement, order, capital directive, or prompt corrective action directive issued by the Board to meet and maintain a specific capital level for any capital measure. 
 
 Safety and Soundness Standard. Guidelines adopted by the federal bank regulatory agencies pursuant to the FDIA establish general standards relating to internal controls and information systems, internal audit systems, loan documentation, credit underwriting, interest rate exposure, asset growth, asset quality, earnings, and compensation and benefits. In general, these guidelines require, among other things, appropriate systems and practices to identify and manage the risk and exposures specified in the guidelines. The guidelines prohibit excessive compensation as an unsafe and unsound practice and describe compensation as excessive when the amounts paid are unreasonable or disproportionate to the services performed by an executive officer, employee, director or principal shareholder. In addition, the federal banking agencies adopted regulations that authorize, but do not require, an agency to order an institution that has been given notice by an agency that it is not satisfying any of such safety and soundness standards to submit a compliance plan. If, after being so notified, an institution fails to submit an acceptable compliance plan or fails in any material respect to implement an acceptable compliance plan, the agency must issue an order directing action to correct the deficiency and may issue an order restricting asset growth, requiring an institution to increase its ratio of tangible equity to assets or directing other actions of the types to which an undercapitalized institution is subject under the prompt corrective action provisions of the FDIA. See -Regulatory Capital Requirements above. If an institution fails to comply with such an order, the agency may seek to enforce such order in judicial proceedings and to impose civil money penalties. 
 
 Dividend Restrictions 
 The Bancorp is a legal entity separate and distinct from the Bank and its other subsidiaries. Revenues of the Bancorp are derived primarily from dividends paid to it by the Bank. The right of the Bancorp, and consequently the right of shareholders of the Bancorp, to participate in any distribution of the assets or earnings of its subsidiaries, through the payment of such dividends or otherwise, is subject to the prior claims of creditors of the subsidiaries, including, with respect to the Bank, depositors of the Bank, except to the extent that certain claims of the Bancorp in a creditor capacity may be recognized. 

-15- 

Restrictions on Bank Holding Company Dividends. The Federal Reserve has the authority to prohibit bank holding companies from paying dividends if such payment is deemed to be an unsafe or unsound practice. The Federal Reserve has indicated generally that it may be an unsafe or unsound practice for bank holding companies to pay dividends unless the bank holding company s net income over the preceding year is sufficient to fund the dividends and the expected rate of earnings retention is consistent with the organization s capital needs, asset quality and overall financial condition. Further, under the Federal Reserve s capital rules, the Bancorp s ability to pay dividends is restricted if it does not maintain the required capital conservation buffer. See -Capital Adequacy and Safety and Soundness-Regulatory Capital Requirements above. 
 
 Restrictions on Bank Dividends. The FDIC has the authority to use its enforcement powers to prohibit a bank from paying dividends if, in its opinion, the payment of dividends would constitute an unsafe or unsound practice. Federal law also prohibits the payment of dividends by a bank that will result in the bank failing to meet its applicable capital requirements on a pro forma basis. Payment of dividends by a bank is also restricted pursuant to various state regulatory limitations. Reference is made to Note 14 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional discussion of the Bancorp and the Bank s ability to pay dividends. 
 
 Certain Transactions by Bank Holding Companies with their Affiliates 
 There are various statutory restrictions on the extent to which bank holding companies and their non-bank subsidiaries may borrow, obtain credit from or otherwise engage in covered transactions with their insured depository institution subsidiaries. An insured depository institution (and its subsidiaries) may not lend money to, or engage in covered transactions with, its non-depository institution affiliates if the aggregate amount of covered transactions outstanding involving the bank, plus the proposed transaction, exceeds the following limits: (i) in the case of any one such affiliate, the aggregate amount of covered transactions of the insured depository institution and its subsidiaries cannot exceed 10 of the capital stock and surplus of the insured depository institution; and (ii) in the case of all affiliates, the aggregate amount of covered transactions of the insured depository institution and its subsidiaries cannot exceed 20 of the capital stock and surplus of the insured depository institution. For this purpose, covered transactions are defined by statute to include: a loan or extension of credit to an affiliate, a purchase of or investment in securities issued by an affiliate, a purchase of assets from an affiliate unless exempted by the Federal Reserve, the acceptance of securities issued by an affiliate as collateral for a loan or extension of credit to any person or company, the issuance of a guarantee, acceptance or letter of credit on behalf of an affiliate, securities borrowing or lending transactions with an affiliate that creates a credit exposure to such affiliate, or a derivatives transaction with an affiliate that creates a credit exposure to such affiliate. Covered transactions are also subject to certain collateral security requirements. Covered transactions as well as other types of transactions between a bank and a bank holding company must be conducted under terms and conditions, including credit standards, that are at least as favorable to the bank as prevailing market terms. If a banking organization elects to use the community bank leverage ratio framework described in Capital Adequacy and Safety and Soundness - Regulatory Capital Requirements above, the banking organization would be required to measure the amount of covered transactions as a percentage of Tier 1 capital, subject to certain adjustments. Moreover, Section 106 of the Bank Holding Company Act Amendments of 1970 provides that, to further competition, a bank holding company and its subsidiaries are prohibited from engaging in certain tying arrangements in connection with any extension of credit, lease or sale of property of any kind, or the furnishing of any service. 
 
 Consumer Protection Regulation 
 General. The Bancorp and the Bank are subject to federal and state laws designed to protect consumers and prohibit unfair or deceptive business practices including the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, Fair Housing Act, Home Ownership Protection Act, Fair Credit Reporting Act, as amended by the FACT Act, the GLBA, the TILA, the CRA, the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act, Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act, National Flood Insurance Act and various state law counterparts. These laws and regulations mandate certain disclosure requirements and regulate the manner in which financial institutions must interact with customers when taking deposits, making loans, collecting loans and providing other services. Further, the CFPB also has a broad mandate to prohibit unfair, deceptive or abusive acts and practices and is specifically empowered to require certain disclosures to consumers and draft model disclosure forms. Failure to comply with consumer protection laws and regulations can subject financial institutions to enforcement actions, fines and other penalties. The FDIC examines the Bank for compliance with CFPB rules and enforces CFPB rules with respect to the Bank. 
 
 The Dodd-Frank Act prescribes certain standards that mortgage lenders must consider before making a residential mortgage loan, including verifying a borrower s ability to repay such mortgage loan and allows borrowers to assert violations of certain provisions of the TILA as a defense to foreclosure proceedings. Additionally, the CFPB s qualified mortgage rule, requires creditors, such as Washington Trust, to make a reasonable good faith determination of a consumer's ability to repay any 
 
 -16- 

consumer credit transaction secured by a dwelling. The Economic Growth Act included provisions that ease certain requirements related to residential mortgage transactions for certain institutions with less than 10 billion in total consolidated assets. 
 
 Privacy and Customer Information Security. The GLBA requires financial institutions to implement policies and procedures regarding the disclosure of nonpublic personal information about consumers to nonaffiliated third parties. In general, the Bank must provide its customers with an initial and annual disclosure that explains its policies and procedures regarding the disclosure of such nonpublic personal information, and, except as otherwise required or permitted by law, the Bank is prohibited from disclosing such information except as provided in such policies and procedures. However, an annual disclosure is not required to be provided by a financial institution if the financial institution only discloses information under exceptions from GLBA that do not require an opt out to be provided and if there has been no change in its privacy policies and procedures since its most recent disclosure provided to consumers. The GLBA also requires that the Bank develop, implement and maintain a comprehensive written information security program designed to ensure the security and confidentiality of customer information (as defined under GLBA), to protect against anticipated threats or hazards to the security or integrity of such information; and to protect against unauthorized access to or use of such information that could result in substantial harm or inconvenience to any customer. The Bank is also required to send a notice to customers whose sensitive information has been compromised if unauthorized use of the information is reasonably possible. Most states, including the states where the Bank operates, have enacted legislation concerning breaches of data security and the duties of the Bank in response to a data breach. Congress continues to consider federal legislation that would require consumer notice of data security breaches. In addition, individual states in our market area have promulgated data security regulations with respect to personal information of their residents. Pursuant to the FACT Act, the Bank had to develop and implement a written identity theft prevention program to detect, prevent, and mitigate identity theft in connection with the opening of certain accounts or certain existing accounts. Additionally, the FACT Act amended the Fair Credit Reporting Act to generally prohibit a person from using information received from an affiliate to make a solicitation for marketing purposes to a consumer, unless the consumer is given notice and a reasonable opportunity and method to opt out of the making of such solicitations. 
 
 Anti-Money Laundering 
 The Bank Secrecy Act. Under the BSA, a financial institution is required to have systems in place to detect certain transactions, based on the size and nature of the transaction. Financial institutions are generally required to report to the U.S. Treasury any cash transactions involving at least 10,000. In addition, financial institutions are required to file suspicious activity reports for any transaction or series of transactions that involve more than 5,000 and which the financial institution knows, suspects or has reason to suspect involves illegal funds, is designed to evade the requirements of the BSA or has no lawful purpose. The USA PATRIOT Act, which amended the BSA, together with the implementing regulations of various federal regulatory agencies, has caused financial institutions, such as the Bank, to adopt and implement additional policies or amend existing policies and procedures with respect to, among other things, anti-money laundering compliance, suspicious activity, currency transaction reporting, customer identity verification and customer risk analysis. In evaluating an application to acquire a bank or to merge banks or effect a purchase of assets and assumption of deposits and other liabilities, the applicable federal banking regulator must consider the anti-money laundering compliance record of both the applicant and the target. In addition, under the USA PATRIOT Act financial institutions are required to take steps to monitor their correspondent banking and private banking relationships as well as, if applicable, their relationships with shell banks. 
 
 Office of Foreign Assets Control. The U.S. has imposed economic sanctions that affect transactions with designated foreign countries, nationals and others. These sanctions, which are administered by OFAC, take many different forms. Generally, however, they contain one or more of the following elements: (i) restrictions on trade with or investment in a sanctioned country, including prohibitions against direct or indirect imports from and exports to a sanctioned country and prohibitions on U.S. persons engaging in financial or other transactions relating to a sanctioned country or with certain designated persons and entities; (ii) a blocking of assets in which the government or specially designated nationals of the sanctioned country have an interest, by prohibiting transfers of property subject to U.S. jurisdiction (including property in the possession or control of U.S. persons); and (iii) restrictions on transactions with or involving certain persons or entities. Blocked assets (for example, property and bank deposits) cannot be paid out, withdrawn, set off or transferred in any manner without a license from OFAC. Failure to comply with these sanctions could have serious legal and reputational consequences for Washington Trust. 

-17- 

Regulation of Other Activities 
 Registered Investment Adviser. WTA is registered as an investment adviser under the Advisers Act. The Advisers Act imposes numerous obligations on registered investment advisers, including compliance with the anti-fraud provisions of the Advisers Act and fiduciary duties arising out of those provisions. WTA must maintain a compliance program reasonably designed to prevent violations of the Advisers Act and are also subject to recordkeeping, operational and disclosure obligations. 
 
 Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974. The Bank and WTA are each also subject to ERISA, and related regulations, to the extent it is a fiduciary under ERISA with respect to some of its clients. ERISA and related provisions of the Code impose duties on persons who are fiduciaries under ERISA, and prohibit certain transactions involving the assets of each ERISA plan that is a client of the Bank or WTA, as applicable, as well as certain transactions by the fiduciaries (and several other related parties) to such plans. 
 
 The foregoing laws and regulations generally grant supervisory agencies and bodies broad administrative powers, including the power to limit or restrict WTA from conducting business in the event it fails to comply with such laws and regulations. Possible sanctions that may be imposed in the event of such noncompliance include the suspension of individual employees, limitations on business activities for specified periods of time, revocation of registration as an investment adviser, commodity trading adviser and/or other registrations, and other censures and fines. 
 
 Mortgage Lending. WTMC, formed in 2012, is a mortgage banking subsidiary of the Bank and licensed to do business in Rhode Island, Massachusetts, Connecticut and New Hampshire. WTMC is subject to the regulation, supervision and examination by the banking divisions in each of these states. See -Consumer Protection Regulation for a description of certain regulations that apply to WTMC. 
 
 Securities and Exchange Commission Availability of Filings 
 Under Sections 13 and 15(d) of the Exchange Act, periodic and current reports must be filed or furnished with the SEC. You may read and copy any reports, statements or other information filed by Washington Trust from commercial document retrieval services and at the website maintained by the SEC at https://www.sec.gov. In addition, Washington Trust makes available free of charge on the Investor Relations section of its website (https://ir.washtrust.com) its annual report on Form 10-K, its quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and exhibits and amendments to those reports as soon as reasonably practicable after it electronically files such material with, or furnishes it to, the SEC. Information on the Washington Trust website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10 K. 

ITEM 1A. Risk Factors. 
 Before making any investment decision with respect to our common stock, you should carefully consider the risks described below, in addition to the other information contained in this report and in our other filings with the SEC. The risks and uncertainties described below and in our other filings are not the only ones facing us. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also affect our business. If any of these known or unknown risks or uncertainties actually occurs, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be impaired. In that event, the market price for our common stock could decline and you may lose your investment. This report is qualified in its entirety by these risk factors. 
 
 RISKS RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS AND INDUSTRY 
 
 The possibility of the economy entering a recession and/or experiencing further turmoil or volatility in the financial markets would likely have an adverse effect on our business, financial position, and results of operations. 
 The economy in the United States and globally has experienced volatility in recent years and may continue to experience such volatility for the foreseeable future. There can be no assurance that economic conditions will not worsen. Unfavorable or uncertain economic conditions can be caused by declines in economic growth, business activity, or investor or business confidence, limitations on the availability of or increases in the cost of credit and capital, increases in inflation or interest rates, the timing and impact of changing governmental policies, natural disasters, climate change, epidemics, the COVID-19 pandemic and future pandemics, terrorist attacks, acts of war, or a combination of these or other factors. A worsening of business and economic conditions could have adverse effects on our business, including the following: 
 investors may have less confidence in the equity markets in general and in financial services industry stocks in particular, which could place downward pressure on our stock price and resulting market valuation 
 
 -18- 

economic and market developments may further affect consumer and business confidence levels and may cause declines in credit usage and adverse changes in payment patterns, causing increases in delinquencies and default rates 
 our ability to assess the creditworthiness of our customers may be impaired if the models and approaches we use to select, manage, and underwrite loans become less predictive of future behaviors 
 we could suffer decreases in demand for loans or other financial products and services or decreased deposits or other investments in accounts with us 
 our Wealth Management Services customers may liquidate investments, which together with lower asset values, may reduce the level of assets under management and administration, and thereby decrease our wealth management revenues 
 competition in the financial services industry could intensify as a result of the increasing consolidation of financial services companies in connection with current market conditions or otherwise and 
 the value of loans and other assets or collateral securing loans may decrease. 
 
 Changes in the business and economic conditions in southern New England could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 We primarily serve individuals and businesses located in southern New England, and a substantial portion of our loans are secured by properties in southern New England. The real estate collateral securing the Bank s loans provides an alternate source of repayment in the event of default by the borrower. However, unlike other larger institutions, we are not able to spread the risks of unfavorable local economic conditions across a large number of diversified economies. An economic downturn could, therefore, result in losses that materially and adversely affect our business. An economic downturn or a prolonged economic recession in southern New England could result in the following consequences: 
 loan delinquencies may increase; 
 problem assets and foreclosures may increase; 
 demand for our products and services may decline; 
 collateral for our loans may decline in value, in turn reducing a customer s borrowing power and reducing the value of collateral securing a loan; 
 the net worth and liquidity of loan guarantors may decline, impairing their ability to honor commitments to us; and 
 our ability to continue to originate real estate loans may be impaired. 
 
 Inflationary pressures and rising prices may affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Inflation rose sharply at the end of 2021 and throughout 2022. Inflationary pressures are currently expected to remain elevated throughout 2023. Small to medium-sized businesses may be impacted more during periods of high inflation as they are not able to leverage economies of scale to mitigate cost pressures compared to larger businesses. Consequently, the ability of our business customers to repay their loans may deteriorate, and in some cases this deterioration may occur quickly, which would adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition. Furthermore, a prolonged period of inflation could cause wages and other costs to increase, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Fluctuations in interest rates may impair the Bank s business. 
 The Bank s earnings and financial condition are largely dependent on net interest income, which is the difference between interest income from interest-earning assets, such as loans and investment securities, and interest expense on interest-bearing liabilities, such as deposits and borrowings. However, certain assets and liabilities may react differently to changes in market interest rates. Further, interest rates on some types of assets and liabilities may fluctuate prior to changes in broader market interest rates, while rates on other types of assets and liabilities may lag behind. These rates are highly sensitive to many factors beyond our control, including general economic conditions, both domestic and foreign, and the monetary and fiscal policies of various governmental and regulatory authorities. 
 
 When interest rates increase, as they have over the past year, loan prepayments generally decline and depositors may shift funds from accounts that have a comparatively lower cost, such as regular savings accounts, to accounts with a higher cost, such as certificates of deposit. In addition, wholesale funds may reprice more quickly and by a greater amount than the repricing of in-market deposits. When interest rates decrease, loan prepayments and the receipt of payments on mortgage-backed securities generally increase, and may result in the proceeds having to be reinvested at a lower rate than the loan or mortgage-backed security being prepaid. Changes in interest rates can also affect the value of loans and investment 
 
 -19- 

securities. Fixed-rate investment securities, mortgage-backed securities and mortgage loans typically decline in value as interest rates rise. 
 
 The Bank has adopted asset and liability management policies to mitigate the potential adverse effects of changes in interest rates on net interest income, primarily by altering the mix and maturity of loans, investments, funding sources, and derivatives. However, even with these policies in place, a change in interest rates can impact our results of operations or financial condition. 
 
 We are subject to liquidity risk, which could negatively affect our funding levels. 
 We must maintain sufficient funds to respond to the needs of depositors and borrowers. To manage liquidity, we draw upon a number of funding sources in addition to in-market deposit growth and repayments and maturities of loans and investments. Market conditions or other events could negatively affect our access to or cost of funding, affecting our ongoing ability to accommodate liability maturities and deposit withdrawals, meet contractual obligations, or fund asset growth and new business initiatives at a reasonable cost, in a timely manner and without adverse consequences. 
 
 Although we maintain a liquid asset portfolio and have implemented strategies to maintain sufficient and diverse sources of funding to accommodate planned, as well as unanticipated, changes in assets, liabilities, and off-balance sheet commitments under various economic conditions, a substantial, unexpected, or prolonged change in the level or cost of liquidity could have a material adverse effect on us. If the cost effectiveness or the availability of supply in these credit markets is reduced for a prolonged period of time, our funding needs may require us to access funding and manage liquidity by other means. These alternatives may include generating client deposits, extending the maturity of wholesale borrowings, borrowing under certain secured borrowing arrangements, using relationships developed with a variety of fixed income investors, selling or securitizing loans, and further managing loan growth and investment opportunities. These alternative means of funding may result in an increase to the overall cost of funds and may not be available under stressed conditions, which would cause us to liquidate a portion of our liquid asset portfolio to meet any funding needs. 
 
 Our cost of funds for banking operations may increase as a result of general economic conditions, interest rates and competitive pressures. 
 Deposits are a low cost and stable source of funding. We compete with banks and other financial institutions for deposits. If, as a result of general economic conditions, market interest rates, competitive pressures, or otherwise, the amount of deposits at the Bank decreases relative to its overall banking operations, the Bank may have to rely more heavily on higher cost borrowings as a source of funds, such as the FHLB, or otherwise reduce its loan growth or pursue loan sales. Higher funding costs reduce our NIM, net interest income and net income. 
 
 A significant component of our liquidity needs is met through our access to funding pursuant to our membership in the FHLB. The FHLB is a cooperative that provides services to its member banking institutions. The primary reason for joining the FHLB is to obtain funding. The purchase of stock in the FHLB is a requirement for a member to gain access to funding. Any deterioration in the FHLB s performance or financial condition may affect our ability to access funding and/or require us to deem the required investment in FHLB stock to be impaired. If we are not able to access funding through the FHLB, we may not be able to meet our liquidity needs, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. Similarly, if we deem all or part of our investment in FHLB stock impaired, such action could have an adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 Our loan portfolio includes commercial loans, which are generally riskier than other types of loans. 
 At December 31, 2022, commercial loans represented 49 of our loan portfolio. Commercial loans generally carry larger loan balances and involve a higher risk of nonpayment or late payment than residential mortgage loans. These loans may lack standardized terms and may include a balloon payment feature. The ability of a borrower to make or refinance a balloon payment may be affected by a number of factors, including the financial condition of the borrower, prevailing economic conditions, interest rates, and collateral values. Repayment of these loans is generally more dependent on the economy and the successful operation of a business. Because of the risks associated with commercial loans, we may experience higher rates of default than if our portfolio were more heavily weighted toward residential mortgage loans. Higher rates of default could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We may experience losses and expenses if security interests granted for loans are not enforceable. 
 When we make loans, we sometimes obtain liens, such as real estate mortgages or other asset pledges, to provide us with a security interest in collateral. If there is a loan default, we may seek to foreclose upon collateral and enforce the security 
 
 -20- 

interests to obtain repayment and eliminate or mitigate our loss. Drafting errors, recording errors, other defects or imperfections in the security interests granted to us and/or changes in law may render liens granted to the us unenforceable. We may incur losses or expenses if security interests granted to us are not enforceable. 
 
 Environmental liability associated with our lending activities could result in losses. 
 In the course of business, we may acquire, through foreclosure, properties securing loans we have originated that are in default. While we believe that our credit granting process incorporates appropriate procedures for the assessment of environmental contamination risk, there is a risk that material environmental violations could be discovered on these properties, particularly with respect to commercial loans secured by real estate. In this event, we might be required to remedy these violations at the affected properties at our sole cost and expense. The cost of this remedial action could substantially exceed the value of affected properties. We may not have adequate remedies against the prior owner or other responsible parties and could find it difficult or impossible to sell the affected properties. These events could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We may be required to repurchase mortgage loans or indemnify buyers against losses in some circumstances, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 When mortgage loans are sold, we are required to make customary representations and warranties to purchasers, guarantors and insurers, including government-sponsored entities, about the mortgage loans and the manner in which they were originated. Whole loan sale agreements require us to repurchase or substitute mortgage loans, or indemnify buyers against losses, in the event we breach these representations or warranties. In addition, we may be required to repurchase mortgage loans as a result of early payment default of the borrower on a mortgage loan. If repurchase and indemnity demands increase and such demands are valid claims and are in excess of our provision for potential losses, our results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. 
 
 Our ACL on loans may not be adequate to cover actual loan losses, and an increase in the ACL on loans will adversely affect our earnings. 
 We maintain an ACL on loans that is based on relevant internal and external information related to past events, current economic conditions and reasonable supportable forecasts. Historical credit loss experience provides the basis for the estimation of expected credit losses. We make various assumptions and judgments about the quality and collectability of the loan portfolio, the creditworthiness of borrowers, the value of the underlying collateral, the enforceability of the loan documents, current economic conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts. If the assumptions underlying the determination of the ACL prove to be incorrect, the ACL may not be sufficient to cover actual loan losses and an increase to the ACL may be necessary to allow for different assumptions or adverse developments. In addition, a problem with one or more loans could require a significant increase to the ACL. Federal and state regulators, in reviewing our loan portfolio as part of a regulatory examination, may request that we increase our ACL. Any increases in our ACL will result in a decrease in our net income and, possibly, our capital, and could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We are a holding company and depend on the Bank for dividends, distributions and other payments. 
 The Bancorp is a legal entity separate and distinct from the Bank. Revenues of the Bancorp are derived primarily from dividends paid to it by the Bank. The right of the Bancorp, and consequently the right of shareholders of the Bancorp, to participate in any distribution of the assets or earnings of the Bank, through the payment of such dividends or otherwise, is necessarily subject to the prior claims of creditors of the Bank (including depositors), except to the extent that certain claims of the Bancorp in a creditor capacity may be recognized. 
 
 Holders of our common stock are entitled to receive dividends only when, as and if declared by our Board of Directors. Although we have historically declared cash dividends on our common stock, we are not required to do so and our Board of Directors may reduce or eliminate our common stock dividend in the future. The Federal Reserve has authority to prohibit bank holding companies from paying dividends if such payment is deemed to be an unsafe or unsound practice. Additionally, the FDIC has the authority to use its enforcement powers to prohibit the Bank from paying dividends if, in its opinion, the payment of dividends would constitute an unsafe or unsound practice. Further, our ability to pay dividends would be restricted if we do not maintain a capital conservation buffer. A reduction or elimination of dividends could adversely affect the market price of our common stock. See Item, Business-Supervision and Regulation-Dividend Restrictions and Business - Supervision and Regulation-Capital Adequacy and Safety and Soundness-Regulatory Capital Requirements. 

-21- 

We have credit and market risk inherent in our investment securities portfolio. 
 We maintain a securities portfolio, which may include obligations of U.S. government-sponsored enterprises and agencies, including mortgage-backed securities; obligations of states and political subdivisions; individual name issuer trust preferred debt securities; and corporate bonds. We seek to limit credit losses in our securities portfolios by generally purchasing only highly-rated securities. The valuation and liquidity of our securities could be adversely impacted by reduced market liquidity, increased normal bid-asked spreads and increased uncertainty of market participants, which could reduce the market value of our securities, even those with no apparent credit exposure. The valuation of our securities requires judgment and as market conditions change security values may also change. Significant negative changes to valuations could result in impairments in the value of our securities portfolio, which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 Potential downgrades of U.S. government agency and government-sponsored enterprise securities by one or more of the credit ratings agencies could have a material adverse effect on our operations, earnings and financial condition. 
 A possible future downgrade of the sovereign credit ratings of the U.S. government and a decline in the perceived creditworthiness of U.S. government-related obligations could impact our ability to obtain funding that is collateralized by affected instruments, as well as affect the pricing of that funding when it is available. A downgrade may also adversely affect the market value of such instruments. We cannot predict if, when or how any changes to the credit ratings or perceived creditworthiness of these organizations will affect economic conditions. Such ratings actions could result in a significant adverse impact on us. Among other things, a downgrade of the sovereign credit ratings of the U.S. government could adversely impact the value of our investment securities portfolio and may trigger requirements to post additional collateral for trades relative to these securities. A downgrade of the sovereign credit ratings of the U.S. government or the credit ratings of related institutions, agencies or instruments would significantly exacerbate the other risks to which we are subject and any related adverse effects on the business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 The soundness of other financial institutions could adversely affect us. 
 Our ability to engage in routine funding transactions could be adversely affected by the actions and commercial soundness of other financial institutions. Financial services institutions are interrelated as a result of trading, clearing, counterparty and other relationships. We have exposure to a number of different counterparties, and we routinely execute transactions with counterparties in the financial industry, including brokers and dealers, other commercial banks, investment banks, and other financial institutions. As a result, defaults by, or even rumors or questions about, one or more financial services institutions, or the financial services industry generally, could lead to market-wide liquidity problems and losses or defaults by us or by other institutions and organizations. Many of these transactions expose us to credit risk in the event of default of our counterparty or customer. In addition, our credit risk may be exacerbated when the collateral held by us cannot be liquidated or is liquidated at prices not sufficient to recover the full amount of the financial instrument exposure due to us. There is no assurance that any such losses would not materially and adversely affect our results of operations. 
 
 Changes to and replacement of LIBOR may adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 LIBOR is used extensively in the United States as a benchmark for various commercial and financial contracts, including loans, securities, funding sources, interest rate swaps and other derivatives. The ICE Benchmark Administration, the authorized and regulated administrator of LIBOR, intends to end publication of remaining LIBOR tenors in June 2023. Financial services regulators and industry groups have collaborated to develop alternate reference rate indices or reference rates, such as SOFR. SOFR is a backward-looking secured rate as opposed to a forward-looking unsecured rate. 
 
 We have identified all LIBOR-related contracts and determined which ones will require language to incorporate an alternative reference rate. In the fourth quarter of 2021, we began processing modifications on loans that reference LIBOR to transition them to a new reference rate, primarily SOFR . Additionally, contracts executed after December 31, 2021 are no longer being written with LIBOR terms. For derivative contracts, the International Swap Dealers Association (commonly known as "ISDA") has developed fallback language for swap agreements and established a protocol to allow counterparties to modify legacy trades to include the new fallback language. We have executed agreements with the majority of our customers to adopt the fallback language protocol. 
 
 We have remaining approximately 200 financial instruments that reference LIBOR (predominantly commercial loans) with on-balance sheet amounts of 1.0 billion and approximately 250 derivative instruments (loan related derivatives and cash flow hedging instruments) that reference LIBOR with total notional amounts of 2.0 billion as of December 31, 2022. 

-22- 

We continue to incorporate LIBOR replacement language in contracts. In addition to changes in contracts, the transition from LIBOR involves changes to risk and pricing models, valuation tools, systems, product design and hedging strategies. Our failure to adequately manage the transition process with our customers could also impact our reputation. Given the complexity of the transition, as well as the different risk characteristics between LIBOR and the replacement reference rate, we are unable to assess the ultimate impact of the transition from LIBOR, which may, ultimately, adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations. 
 
 Market changes or economic downturns may adversely affect demand for our fee-based services and level of wealth management AUA. 
 Economic downturns could affect the volume of income earned from, and demand for, fee-based services. 
 
 Revenues from mortgage banking activities are largely dependent on mortgage origination volume and sales volume. Changes in interest rates and the condition of housing markets could adversely impact the volume of residential mortgage originations, sales and related mortgage banking activities. 
 
 Revenues from wealth management services depend in large part on the level of AUA, which are primarily marketable securities. Market volatility that results in clients liquidating investments, as well as lower asset values, can reduce the level of assets under management and administration and decrease our wealth management revenues, which could materially adversely affect our results of operations. 
 
 We face continuing and growing security risks to our information base, including the information we maintain relating to our customers. 
 In the ordinary course of business, we rely on electronic communications and information systems to conduct our business and to store sensitive data, including financial information regarding customers. Our electronic communications and information systems infrastructure could be susceptible to cyberattacks, hacking, identity theft or terrorist activity. We have implemented and regularly review and update extensive systems of internal controls and procedures as well as corporate governance policies and procedures intended to protect our business operations, including the security and privacy of all confidential customer information. In addition, we rely on the services of a variety of third-party service providers to meet our data processing and communication needs. No matter how well designed or implemented our controls are, we cannot provide an absolute guarantee to protect our business operations from every type of problem in every situation. A failure or circumvention of these controls could have a material adverse effect on our business operations and financial condition. 
 We regularly assess and test our security systems and disaster preparedness, including back-up systems, but the risks are escalating. We also review and assess the cyber-security risk of our third-party service providers. As a result, cybersecurity and the continued enhancement of our controls and processes to protect our systems, data and networks from attacks, unauthorized access or significant damage remain a priority. Accordingly, we may be required to expend additional resources to enhance our protective measures or to investigate and remediate any information security vulnerabilities or exposures. Any breach of our system security could result in disruption of our operations, unauthorized access to confidential customer information, significant regulatory costs, litigation exposure and other liability. A breach could negatively impact customer confidence, damaging our reputation and undermining our ability to attract and keep customers. 
 
 We rely on other companies to provide key components of our business infrastructure. 
 Third-party vendors provide key components of our business infrastructure such as internet connections, network access and core application processing. While we have selected these third-party vendors carefully, we do not control them or their actions. Any problems caused by these third parties, including as a result of their not providing us their services for any reason or their performing their services poorly, could adversely affect our ability to deliver products and services to our customers or otherwise conduct our business efficiently and effectively. Replacing these third-party vendors could also entail significant delay and expense. 
 
 We may not be able to successfully implement future information technology system enhancements, which could adversely affect our business operations and profitability. 
 We invest significant resources in information technology system enhancements in order to provide functionality and security at an appropriate level. We may not be able to successfully implement and integrate future system enhancements, which could adversely impact the ability to provide timely and accurate financial information in compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, which could result in sanctions from regulatory authorities. Such sanctions could include fines and suspension of trading in our stock, among others. In addition, future system enhancements could have higher than expected 
 
 -23- 

costs and/or result in operating inefficiencies, which could increase the costs associated with the implementation as well as ongoing operations. 
 
 Failure to properly utilize system enhancements that are implemented in the future could result in impairment charges that adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations and could result in significant costs to remediate or replace the defective components. In addition, we may incur significant training, licensing, maintenance, consulting and amortization expenses during and after systems implementations, and any such costs may continue for an extended period of time. 
 
 Our business may be adversely affected if we fail to adapt our products and services to evolving industry standards and consumer preferences. 
 The financial services industry is undergoing rapid technological changes with frequent introductions of new technology-driven products and services. The widespread adoption of new technologies, including cryptocurrencies and payment systems, could require substantial expenditures to modify or adapt our existing products and services. The introduction of new or modified products or services can entail significant time and resources. We might not be successful in developing or introducing new or modified products and services, integrating new products or services into our existing offerings, responding or adapting to changes in consumer behavior, preferences, spending, investing and/or saving habits, achieving market acceptance of our products and services, reducing costs in response to pressures to deliver products and services at lower prices or sufficiently developing and maintaining loyal customers. Products and services relying on internet and mobile technologies may expose us to fraud and cybersecurity risks. Failure to successfully manage these risks in the development and implementation of new or modified products or services could have an adverse effect on our business and reputation. 
 
 We may incur significant losses as a result of ineffective risk management processes and strategies. 
 We seek to monitor and control our risk exposure through a risk and control framework encompassing a variety of separate but complementary financial, credit, operational, compliance, and legal reporting systems; internal controls; management review processes; and other mechanisms. In some cases, management of our risks depends upon the use of analytical and/or forecasting models, which, in turn, rely on assumptions and estimates. If the models used to mitigate these risks are inadequate, or the assumption or estimates are inaccurate or otherwise flawed, we may fail to adequately protect against risks and may incur losses. In addition, there may be risks that exist, or that develop in the future, that we have not appropriately anticipated, identified or mitigated, which could lead to unexpected losses and our results of operations or financial condition could be materially adversely affected. 
 
 Damage to our reputation could significantly harm our business, including our competitive position and business prospects. 
 We are dependent on our reputation within our market area, as a trusted and responsible financial services company, for all aspects of our business with customers, employees, vendors, third-party service providers, and others, with whom we conduct business or potential future businesses. Negative public opinion about the financial services industry generally (including the types of banking and wealth management services that we provide) or us specifically could adversely affect our reputation and our ability to keep and attract customers and employees. Our actual or perceived failure to address various issues could give rise to negative public opinion and reputational risk that could cause harm to us and our business prospects. These issues include, but are not limited to, legal and regulatory requirements; properly maintaining customer and employee personal information; record keeping; money-laundering; sales and trading practices; ethical issues; appropriately addressing potential conflicts of interest; and the proper identification of the legal, reputational, credit, liquidity and market risks inherent in our products. Failure to appropriately address any of these issues could also give rise to additional regulatory restrictions and legal risks, which could, among other consequences, increase the size and number of litigation claims and damages asserted or subject us to enforcement actions, fines and penalties and cause us to incur related costs and expenses. 
 
 The proliferation of social media websites utilized by us and other third parties, as well as the personal use of social media by our employees and others, including personal blogs and social network profiles, also may increase the risk that negative, inappropriate or unauthorized information may be posted or released publicly that could harm our reputation or have other negative consequences, including as a result of our employees interacting with our customers in an unauthorized manner in various social media outlets. Any damage to our reputation could affect our ability to retain and develop the business relationships necessary to conduct business, which in turn could negatively impact our financial condition, results of operations, and the market price of our common stock. 

-24- 

We may not be able to compete effectively in our increasingly competitive industry. 
 We compete with financial and non-financial services firms, including traditional banks, online banks, financial technology companies, and investment management and wealth advisory firms, including commercial banks and trust companies, investment advisory firms, mutual fund companies, stock brokerage firms. These companies compete on the basis of, among other factors, size, location, quality and type of products and services offered, price, technology, brand recognition and reputation. Emerging technologies have the potential to further intensify competition and accelerate disruption in the financial services industry. In recent years, non-financial services firms, such as financial technology companies, have begun to offer services traditionally provided by financial institutions. These firms attempt to use technology and mobile platforms to enhance the ability of companies and individuals to borrow, save and invest money. Many of these non-financial services competitors have fewer regulatory constraints and may have lower cost structures than we do. Our long-term success depends on our ability to develop and execute strategic plans and initiatives; to develop competitive products and technologies; and to attract, retain and develop a highly skilled employee workforce. Our ability to successfully attract and retain wealth management clients is dependent upon our ability to compete with competitors investment products, level of investment performance, client services and marketing and distribution capabilities. If we are not successful, our results of operations and financial condition may be negatively impacted. 
 
 We may be unable to attract and retain key personnel. 
 Our success depends, in large part, on our ability to attract and retain key personnel. Certain key personnel that have regular direct contact with customers and clients often build strong relationships that are important to our business. In addition, we rely on key personnel to manage and operate its business, including major revenue producing functions, such as loan and deposit generation and wealth management services. Competition for qualified personnel in the financial services industry can be intense and we may not be able to hire or retain the key personnel that we depend upon for success. Frequently, we compete in the market for talent with entities that are not subject to comprehensive regulation, including with respect to the structure of incentive compensation. The unexpected loss of services of one or more of our key personnel could have a material adverse impact on our business because of their skills, knowledge of the markets in which we operate, years of industry experience and the difficulty of promptly finding qualified replacement personnel. Also, the loss of key personnel could jeopardize our relationships with customers and clients and could lead to the loss of accounts. At the end of the third quarter of 2022, four client-facing wealth management advisors at WTA, our registered investment adviser subsidiary, resigned. We could experience additional client asset withdrawals in upcoming months associated with the departure of the former advisors. Losses of such accounts could have a material adverse impact on our business. 
 
 Natural disasters, acts of terrorism, pandemics and other external events could harm our business. 
 Natural disasters can disrupt our operations, result in damage to our properties, reduce or destroy the value of the collateral for our loans and negatively affect the economies in which we operate, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. A significant natural disaster, such as a hurricane, blizzard, flood, fire or earthquake, could have a material adverse impact on our ability to conduct business, and our insurance coverage may be insufficient to compensate for losses that may occur. Acts of terrorism, war, civil unrest, or pandemics could cause disruptions to our business or the economy as a whole. While we have established and regularly test disaster recovery procedures, the occurrence of any such event could have a material adverse effect on our business, operations and financial condition. 
 
 Climate change and related legislative and regulatory initiatives may result in operational changes and expenditures that could significantly impact our business. 
 The current and anticipated effects of climate change are creating an increasing level of concern for the state of the global environment. As a result, political and social attention to the issue of climate change has increased. In recent years, governments across the world have entered into international agreements to attempt to reduce global temperatures, in part by limiting greenhouse gas emissions. The U.S. Congress, state legislatures and federal and state regulatory agencies have continued to propose and advance numerous legislative and regulatory initiatives seeking to mitigate the effects of climate change. These agreements and measures may result in the imposition of taxes and fees, the required purchase of emission credits, and the implementation of significant operational changes, each of which may require us to expend significant capital and incur compliance, operating, maintenance, and remediation costs. Consumers and businesses may also change their behavior on their own as a result of these concerns. The impact on our customers will likely vary depending on their specific attributes, including reliance on, or role in, carbon intensive activities. Our efforts to take these risks into account in making lending and other decisions, including by increasing our business with climate-friendly companies, may not be effective in protecting us from the negative impact of new laws and regulations or changes in consumer or business behavior. 

-25- 

If we are required to write-down goodwill or other intangible assets recorded in connection with our acquisitions, our profitability would be negatively impacted. 
 Under GAAP, if the purchase price of an acquired company exceeds the fair value of the company s net assets, the excess is carried on the acquirer s balance sheet as goodwill or other identifiable intangible assets. Goodwill must be evaluated for impairment at least annually. Long-lived intangible assets are amortized and are tested for recoverability whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount of the asset or asset group may not be recoverable. A significant and sustained decline in our stock price and market capitalization, a significant decline in our expected future cash flows, a significant adverse change in the business climate, slower growth rates or other factors could result in impairment of goodwill. Write-downs of the amount of any impairment, if necessary, would be charged to the results of operations in the period in which the impairment occurs. There can be no assurance that future evaluations of goodwill or intangible assets will not result in findings of impairment and related write-downs, which would have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Changes in accounting standards can materially impact our financial statements. 
 Our accounting policies and methods are fundamental to how we record and report our financial condition and results of operations. From time to time, the Financial Accounting Standards Board or regulatory authorities change the financial accounting and reporting standards that govern the preparation of our financial statements. Such changes are expected to continue and can materially impact how we record and report our financial condition and results of operations. In some cases, we could be required to apply a new or revised standard retroactively, resulting in our restating prior period financial statements. Additionally, significant changes to accounting standards may require costly technology changes, additional training and personnel, and other expense that will negatively impact our results of operations. 
 
 Changes in tax laws and regulations and differences in interpretation of tax laws and regulations may adversely impact our financial statements. 
 We are subject to tax law changes that could impact our effective income tax rate and our net deferred tax assets. Our net deferred tax assets are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the year in which the temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. We assess the deferred tax assets periodically to determine the likelihood of our ability to realize the benefits. Management judgment is required in determining the appropriate recognition and valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, including projections of future taxable income, as well as the character of that income. A change in statutory tax rates may result in a decrease or increase to our deferred tax assets. A decrease in our deferred tax assets could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. 
 
 Local, state or federal tax authorities may interpret tax laws and regulations differently than we do and challenge tax positions that we have taken on tax returns. This may result in differences in the treatment of revenues, deductions, credits and/or differences in the timing of these items. The differences in treatment may result in payment of additional taxes, interest, penalties, or litigation costs that could have a material adverse effect on our results. 
 
 The market price and trading volume of our stock can be volatile. 
 The price of our common stock can fluctuate widely in response to a variety of factors. In addition, the trading volume in our common stock may fluctuate and cause significant price variations to occur. We cannot assure you that the market price of our common stock will not fluctuate or decline significantly. Some of the factors that could cause fluctuations or declines in the price of our common stock include, but are not limited to, actual or anticipated variations in reported operating results, recommendations by securities analysts, the level of trading activity in our common stock, our past and future dividend and share repurchase practices, new services or delivery systems offered by competitors, business combinations involving our competitors, operating and stock price performance of companies that investors deem to be comparable to us, news reports relating to trends or developments in the financial, credit, mortgage and housing markets, as well as the financial services industry, and changes in government regulations. 
 
 We may need to raise additional capital in the future and such capital may not be available when needed. 
 We are required by regulatory authorities to maintain adequate levels of capital to support our operations. We may need to raise additional capital in the future to provide us with sufficient capital resources and liquidity to meet our commitments and business needs. Our ability to raise additional capital, if needed, will depend on, among other things, conditions in the capital markets at that time, which are outside of our control, and our financial performance. We cannot assure you that such capital will be available to us on acceptable terms or at all. Our inability to raise sufficient additional capital on acceptable terms when needed could subject us to certain activity restrictions or to a variety of enforcement remedies available to the 
 
 -26- 

regulatory authorities, including limitations on our ability to pay dividends or pursue acquisitions, the issuance by regulatory authorities of a capital directive to increase capital and the termination of deposit insurance by the FDIC. 
 
 Certain provisions of our articles of incorporation may have an anti-takeover effect. 
 Provisions of Rhode Island law, our articles of incorporation and by-laws, and federal banking laws, including regulatory approval requirements, could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us, even if doing so would be perceived to be beneficial to our shareholders. The combination of these provisions may inhibit a non-negotiated merger or other business combination, which, in turn, could adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 
 
 RISKS RELATED TO OUR REGULATORY ENVIRONMENT 
 
 We operate in a highly regulated industry, and laws and regulations, or changes in them, could limit or restrict our activities and could have a material adverse effect on our operations. 
 We are subject to extensive federal and state regulation and supervision. Federal and state laws and regulations govern numerous matters affecting us, including changes in the ownership or control of banks and bank holding companies; maintenance of adequate capital and the financial condition of a financial institution; permissible types, amounts and terms of extensions of credit and investments; the manner in which we conduct mortgage banking activities; permissible non-banking activities; the level of reserves against deposits; and restrictions on dividend payments. The FDIC and the banking divisions or departments of states in which we are licensed to do business have the power to issue consent orders to prevent or remedy unsafe or unsound practices or violations of law by banks subject to their regulation, and the Federal Reserve possesses similar powers with respect to bank holding companies. In addition, WTA, a registered investment advisor subsidiary, is subject to regulation under federal and state securities laws and fiduciary laws. These and other restrictions limit the manner in which we may conduct business and obtain financing. 
 
 Federal regulations establish minimum capital requirements for insured depository institutions, including minimum risk-based capital and leverage ratios, and define capital for calculating these ratios. The minimum capital requirements are: (i) a common equity Tier 1 capital ratio of 4.5 (ii) a Tier 1 to risk-based assets capital ratio of 6 (iii) a total capital ratio of 8 and (iv) a Tier 1 leverage ratio of 4 . The regulations also establish a capital conservation buffer of 2.5 . An institution will be subject to limitations on paying dividends, engaging in share repurchases and paying discretionary bonuses if its capital level falls below the capital conservation buffer amount. The application of these capital requirements could, among other things, require us to maintain higher capital resulting in lower returns on equity, and we may be required to obtain additional capital to comply or result in regulatory actions if we are unable to comply with such requirements. 
 
 The laws, rules, regulations, and supervisory guidance and policies applicable to us are subject to regular modification and change. These changes could adversely and materially impact us. Such changes could, among other things, subject us to additional costs, including costs of compliance; limit the types of financial services and products we may offer; and/or increase the ability of non-banks to offer competing financial services and products. Failure to comply with laws, regulations, policies, or supervisory guidance could result in enforcement and other legal actions by federal and state authorities, including criminal and civil penalties, the loss of FDIC insurance, revocation of a banking charter or registration as an investment adviser, other sanctions by regulatory agencies, civil money penalties, and/or reputational damage, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. See Business-Supervision and Regulation. 
 
 Our wealth management business is highly regulated, and the regulators have the ability to limit or restrict our activities and impose fines or suspensions on the conduct of our business. 
 We offer wealth management services through the Bank and WTA. WTA is a registered investment adviser under the Advisers Act. The Advisers Act imposes numerous obligations on registered investment advisers, including fiduciary, record keeping, operational and disclosure obligations. We are also subject to the provisions and regulations of ERISA to the extent that we act as a fiduciary under ERISA with respect to certain of our clients. ERISA and the applicable provisions of the federal tax laws impose a number of duties on persons who are fiduciaries under ERISA and prohibit certain transactions involving the assets of each ERISA plan which is a client, as well as certain transactions by the fiduciaries (and certain other related parties) to such plans. Investment contracts with institutional and other clients are typically terminable by the client, also without penalty, upon 30 to 60 days notice. Changes in these laws or regulations could have a material adverse impact on our profitability and mode of operations. 

-27- 

We are subject to numerous laws designed to protect consumers, including the CRA and fair lending laws, and failure to comply with these laws could lead to a wide variety of sanctions. 
 The CRA, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, the Fair Housing Act and other fair lending laws and regulations impose community investment and nondiscriminatory lending requirements on financial institutions. The CFPB, the Department of Justice and other federal agencies are responsible for enforcing these laws and regulations. A successful regulatory challenge to an institution s performance under the CRA, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, the Fair Housing Act or other fair lending laws and regulations could result in a wide variety of sanctions, including damages and civil money penalties, injunctive relief, restrictions on mergers and acquisitions, restrictions on expansion and restrictions on entering new business lines. Private parties may also have the ability to challenge an institution s performance under fair lending laws in private class action litigation. Such actions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We may become subject to enforcement actions even though noncompliance was inadvertent or unintentional. 
 The financial services industry is subject to intense scrutiny from bank supervisors in the examination process and aggressive enforcement of federal and state regulations, particularly with respect to mortgage-related practices and other consumer compliance matters, and compliance with anti-money laundering, BSA and OFAC regulations, and economic sanctions against certain foreign countries and nationals. Enforcement actions may be initiated for violations of laws and regulations and unsafe or unsound practices. We maintain systems and procedures designed to ensure that we comply with applicable laws and regulations; however, some legal/regulatory frameworks provide for the imposition of fines or penalties for noncompliance even though the noncompliance was inadvertent or unintentional and even though there were systems and procedures designed to ensure compliance in place at the time. Failure to comply with these and other regulations, and supervisory expectations related thereto, may result in fines, penalties, lawsuits, regulatory sanctions, reputation damage, or restrictions on our business. 
 
 We face significant legal risks, both from regulatory investigations and proceedings, and from private actions brought against us. 
 As a participant in the financial services industry, many aspects of our business involve substantial risk of legal liability. From time to time, customers and others make claims and take legal action pertaining to the performance of our responsibilities. Whether customer claims and legal action related to the performance of our responsibilities are founded or unfounded, if such claims and legal actions are not resolved in a manner favorable to us, they may result in significant expenses, attention from management and financial liability. Any financial liability or reputational damage could have a material adverse effect on our business, which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. There is no assurance that litigation with private parties will not increase in the future. Actions currently pending against us may result in judgments, settlements, fines, penalties or other results adverse to us, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations, or cause serious reputational harm to us. 

ITEM 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 None. 

ITEM 2. Properties. 
 Washington Trust s headquarters and main office is located at 23 Broad Street, in Westerly, in Washington County, Rhode Island. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, Washington Trust conducts business from 10 branch offices located in southern Rhode Island (Washington County), 14 branch offices located in the greater Providence area in Rhode Island and 1 branch office located in southeastern Connecticut. In August 2022, we opened a new full-service branch in Cumberland, Rhode Island. In addition, we announced that we submitted applications to establish a branch office in three northern Rhode Island locations in 2023 to further expand our branch footprint and serve the broader Rhode Island community. The three branch offices will be located in Barrington, Providence and Smithfield, Rhode Island and are subject to federal, state, local, and regulatory approvals. 
 
 In addition, there are a number of offices not associated with a branch office location. Washington Trust has 6 residential mortgage lending offices that are located in eastern Massachusetts (Sharon, Burlington, Braintree and Wellesley); in Glastonbury, Connecticut; and in Warwick, Rhode Island. Washington Trust also has an executive office, commercial lending office and wealth management services office in the financial district of Providence, Rhode Island; and 2 additional wealth management services offices located in Wellesley, Massachusetts and New Haven, Connecticut. In July 2022, we opened a new commercial lending office in New Haven, Connecticut. Additionally, Washington Trust has an employment 
 
 -28- 

and training center and two operations facilities located in Westerly, Rhode Island, as well as a loan servicing facility in Stonington, CT. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, 10 of the Corporation s facilities were owned, 28 were leased and 1 branch office was owned on leased land. Lease expiration dates range from 7 months to 25 years, with additional renewal options on certain leases ranging from 3 years to 5 years. In addition, the Bank has 1 owned offsite-ATM in a leased space. All of the Corporation s properties are considered to be in good condition and adequate for the purpose for which they are used. 
 
 The Bank also brands ATMs located in retail stores and other locations primarily in Rhode Island and to a lesser extent in southeastern Connecticut. These ATMs are operated under contracts with a third-party vendor. 
 
 See Notes 6 and 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding premises and equipment and leases. 

ITEM 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 The Corporation is involved in various claims and legal proceedings arising out of the ordinary course of business. Management is of the opinion, based on its review with counsel of the development of such matters to date, that the ultimate disposition of such matters will not materially affect the consolidated financial position or results of operations of the Corporation. 

ITEM 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 Not applicable. 

-29- 

PART II 
 
 ITEM 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 The Bancorp s common stock trades on the NASDAQ Stock Market under the symbol WASH. At January 31, 2023, there were 1,456 holders of record of the Bancorp s common stock. 
 
 The Bancorp (including the Bank prior to 1984) has recorded consecutive quarterly dividends for over 100 years. Since the Bancorp s primary source of funds for dividends paid to shareholders is the receipt of dividends from the Bank, future dividends will depend on the earnings of the Bank, its financial condition, its need for funds, applicable government policies and regulations, and other such matters the Board of Directors deems appropriate. Management believes that the Bank will continue to generate adequate earnings to continue to pay dividends on a quarterly basis. 
 
 See additional disclosures on Equity Compensation Plan Information in Part III, Item 12 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. The Bancorp did not repurchase any shares during the fourth quarter of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Stock Performance Graph 
 Set forth below is a line graph comparing the cumulative total shareholder return on the Corporation s common stock against the cumulative total return of the NASDAQ Bank Stocks index and the NASDAQ Stock Market (U.S.) from December 31, 2017 to December 31, 2022. The results presented assume that the value of the Corporation s common stock and each index was 100.00 on December 31, 2017. The total return assumes reinvestment of dividends. 
 
 The stock price performance shown on the stock performance graph and associated table below is not necessarily indicative of future price performance. Information used in the graph and table was obtained from a third-party provider, a source believed to be reliable, but the Corporation is not responsible for any errors or omissions in such information. 

-30- 

For the period ending December 31, 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Washington Trust Bancorp, Inc. 100.00 92.25 108.59 95.78 125.36 109.71 NASDAQ Bank Stocks 100.00 83.83 104.26 96.44 137.82 115.38 NASDAQ Stock Market (U.S.) 100.00 97.18 132.88 192.74 235.56 158.97 

ITEM 6. Reserved. 

-31- 

Management's Discussion and Analysis 

 ITEM 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 The following analysis is intended to provide the reader with a further understanding of the consolidated financial condition and results of operations of the Corporation for the periods shown. For a full understanding of this analysis, it should be read in conjunction with other sections of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including Part I, Item 1. Business and Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 
 Information pertaining to 2020 was included in the Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, starting on page 33 under Part II, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition, which was filed with the SEC on February 24, 2022. 

Overview 
 Washington Trust offers a full range of financial services, including commercial, residential and consumer lending, retail and commercial deposit products, and wealth management and trust services through its offices in Rhode Island, Massachusetts and Connecticut. 
 
 Our largest source of operating income is net interest income, which is the difference between interest earned on loans and securities and interest paid on deposits and borrowings. In addition, we generate noninterest income from a number of sources, including wealth management services, mortgage banking activities and deposit services. Our principal noninterest expenses include salaries and employee benefit costs, outsourced services provided by third-party vendors, occupancy and facility-related costs and other administrative expenses. 
 
 We continue to leverage our strong regional brand to build market share and remain steadfast in our commitment to provide superior service. We believe the key to future growth is providing customers with convenient in-person service and digital banking solutions. We recently announced that we submitted applications to establish a branch office in three northern Rhode Island locations in 2023 to further expand our branch footprint and serve the broader Rhode Island community. The three branch offices will be located in Barrington, Providence and Smithfield, Rhode Island and are subject to federal, state, local, and regulatory approvals. 
 
 Risk Management 
 The Corporation has a comprehensive ERM program through which the Corporation identifies, measures, monitors and controls current and emerging material risks. 
 
 The Board of Directors is responsible for oversight of the ERM program. The ERM program enables the aggregation of risk across the Corporation and ensures the Corporation has the tools, programs and processes in place to support informed decision making, to anticipate risks before they materialize and to maintain the Corporation s risk profile consistent with its risk strategy. 
 
 The Board of Directors has approved an ERM Policy that addresses each category of risk. The risk categories include: credit risk, interest rate risk, liquidity risk, price and market risk, compliance risk, strategic and reputation risk, and operational risk. A description of each risk category is provided below. 
 
 Credit risk represents the possibility that borrowers or other counterparties may not repay loans or other contractual obligations according to their terms due to changes in the financial capacity, ability and willingness of such borrowers or counterparties to meet their obligations. In some cases, the collateral securing the payment of the loans may be sufficient to assure repayment, but in other cases the Corporation may experience significant credit losses which could have an adverse effect on its operating results. The Corporation makes various assumptions and judgments about the collectability of its loan portfolio, including the creditworthiness of its borrowers and counterparties and the value of the real estate and other assets serving as collateral for the repayment of loans. Credit risk also exists with respect to investment securities. For further discussion regarding the credit risk and the credit quality of the Corporation s loan portfolio, see Notes 4 and 5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. For further discussion regarding the Corporation s securities portfolio, see Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Interest rate risk is the risk of loss to future earnings due to changes in interest rates. It exists because the repricing frequency and magnitude of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities are not identical. See the Asset/Liability Management and Interest Rate Risk section below for additional disclosure. 

-32- 

Management's Discussion and Analysis 

 Liquidity risk is the risk that the Corporation will not have the ability to generate adequate amounts of cash in the most economical way for it to meet its maturing liability obligations and customer loan demand. For detailed disclosure regarding liquidity management, see the Liquidity and Capital Resources section below. 
 
 Price and market risk refers to the risk of loss arising from adverse changes in interest rates and other relevant market rates and prices, such as equity prices. Interest rate risk, discussed above, is the most significant market risk to which the Corporation is exposed. The Corporation is also exposed to financial market risk and housing market risk. 
 
 Compliance risk represents the risk of regulatory sanctions or financial loss resulting from the failure to comply with laws, rules and regulations and standards of good banking practice. Activities which may expose the Corporation to compliance risk include, but are not limited to, those dealing with the prevention of money laundering, privacy and data protection, adherence to all applicable laws and regulations and employment and tax matters. 
 
 Strategic and reputation risk represent the risk of loss due to impairment of reputation, failure to fully develop and execute business plans, and failure to assess existing and new opportunities and threats in business, markets and products. 
 
 Operational risk is the risk of loss due to human behavior, inadequate or failed internal systems and controls, and external influences such as market conditions, fraudulent activities, natural disasters and security risks. 
 
 ERM is an overarching program that includes all areas of the Corporation. A framework approach is utilized to assign responsibility and to ensure that the various business units and activities involved in the risk management life-cycle are effectively integrated. The Corporation has adopted the three lines of defense concept that is an industry best practice for ERM. Business units are the first line of defense in managing risk. They are responsible for identifying, measuring, monitoring, and controlling current and emerging risks. They must report on and escalate their concerns. Corporate functions such as Credit Risk Management, Financial Administration, Information Assurance and Compliance, represent the second line of defense. They are responsible for policy setting and for reviewing and challenging the risk management activities of the business units. They collaborate closely with business units on planning and resource allocation with respect to risk management. Internal Audit is a third line of defense. They provide independent assurance to the Board of Directors of the effectiveness of the first and second lines in fulfilling their risk management responsibilities. 
 
 For additional factors that could adversely impact Washington Trust s future results of operations and financial condition, see the section labeled Risk Factors in Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

-33- 

Management's Discussion and Analysis 

 Results of Operations 
 The following table presents a summarized consolidated statement of operations: 
 (Dollars in thousands) Change Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Net interest income 155,990 141,435 14,555 10 Noninterest income 62,602 87,394 (24,792) (28) Total revenues 218,592 228,829 (10,237) (4) Provision for credit losses (1,300) (4,822) 3,522 73 Noninterest expense 128,722 135,464 (6,742) (5) Income before income taxes 91,170 98,187 (7,017) (7) Income tax expense 19,489 21,317 (1,828) (9) Net income 71,681 76,870 5,189) (7 
 
 The following table presents a summary of performance metrics and ratios: 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Diluted earnings per common share 4.11 4.39 Return on average assets (net income divided by average assets) 1.17 1.32 Return on average equity (net income available for common shareholders divided by average equity) 
 14.49 14.03 Net interest income as a percentage of total revenues 71 62 Noninterest income as a percentage of total revenues 29 38 
 
 Net income totaled 71.7 million in 2022, down by 7 from the 76.9 million reported in 2021. 
 
 In 2022, growth in net interest income was driven by higher yields on, and growth in, average interest-earning assets, partially offset by a higher cost of funds. The decline in noninterest income largely reflected lower mortgage banking revenues resulting from an overall reduction in mortgage origination and sales activity due to higher market interest rates and changes in the housing markets. Results also benefited from continued strength in asset and credit quality metrics and the recognition of a negative provision for credit losses. The decrease in noninterest expenses largely reflected declines in debt prepayment penalties and volume-related mortgage originator compensation expense. 

-34- 

Management's Discussion and Analysis 

 Average Balances/Net Interest Margin - Fully Taxable Equivalent Basis 
 The following table presents average balance and interest rate information. Tax-exempt income is converted to an FTE basis using the statutory federal income tax rate adjusted for applicable state income taxes net of the related federal tax benefit. Unrealized gains (losses) on available for sale securities and changes in fair value on mortgage loans held for sale are excluded from the average balance and yield calculations. Nonaccrual loans, as well as interest recognized on these loans, are included in amounts presented for loans. 
 Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change (Dollars in thousands) Average Balance Interest Yield/ Rate Average Balance Interest Yield/ Rate Average Balance Interest Yield/ Rate Assets: Cash, federal funds sold and short-term investments 119,932 1,624 1.35 167,898 181 0.11 47,966) 1,443 1.24 Mortgage loans held for sale 29,539 1,165 3.94 52,580 1,531 2.91 (23,041) (366) 1.03 Taxable debt securities 1,121,413 21,827 1.95 1,013,445 14,295 1.41 107,968 7,532 0.54 FHLB stock 
 20,721 548 2.64 21,422 436 2.04 (701) 112 0.60 Commercial real estate 1,679,300 65,660 3.91 1,643,107 49,551 3.02 36,193 16,109 0.89 Commercial industrial 632,938 28,099 4.44 752,934 30,824 4.09 (119,996) (2,725) 0.35 Total commercial 2,312,238 93,759 4.05 2,396,041 80,375 3.35 (83,803) 13,384 0.70 Residential real estate 1,960,629 65,866 3.36 1,571,459 52,884 3.37 389,170 12,982 (0.01) Home equity 263,578 10,139 3.85 254,289 8,212 3.23 9,289 1,927 0.62 Other 15,799 724 4.58 19,765 966 4.89 (3,966) (242) (0.31) Total consumer 279,377 10,863 3.89 274,054 9,178 3.35 5,323 1,685 0.54 Total loans 4,552,244 170,488 3.75 4,241,554 142,437 3.36 310,690 28,051 0.39 Total interest-earning assets 5,843,849 195,652 3.35 5,496,899 158,880 2.89 346,950 36,772 0.46 Noninterest-earning assets 258,906 341,067 (82,161) Total assets 6,102,755 5,837,966 264,789 Liabilities and Shareholders Equity: Interest-bearing demand deposits (in-market) 263,154 2,891 1.10 202,929 259 0.13 60,225 2,632 0.97 NOW accounts 864,084 862 0.10 765,584 491 0.06 98,500 371 0.04 Money market accounts 1,198,714 8,954 0.75 984,278 2,413 0.25 214,436 6,541 0.50 Savings accounts 574,349 473 0.08 521,143 282 0.05 53,206 191 0.03 Time deposits (in-market) 799,645 8,630 1.08 702,303 7,749 1.10 97,342 881 (0.02) Interest-bearing in-market deposits 3,699,946 21,810 0.59 3,176,237 11,194 0.35 523,709 10,616 0.24 Wholesale brokered demand deposits 20,696 494 2.39 20,696 494 2.39 Wholesale brokered time deposits 386,170 3,719 0.96 644,151 1,196 0.19 (257,981) 2,523 0.77 Wholesale brokered deposits 406,866 4,213 1.04 644,151 1,196 0.19 (237,285) 3,017 0.85 Total interest-bearing deposits 4,106,812 26,023 0.63 3,820,388 12,390 0.32 286,424 13,633 0.31 FHLB advances 
 414,263 11,713 2.83 370,881 3,800 1.02 43,382 7,913 1.81 Junior subordinated debentures 22,681 739 3.26 22,681 370 1.63 369 1.63 Total interest-bearing liabilities 4,543,756 38,475 0.85 4,213,950 16,560 0.39 329,806 21,915 0.46 Noninterest-bearing demand deposits 923,423 934,626 (11,203) Other liabilities 142,324 143,197 (873) Shareholders equity 493,252 546,193 (52,941) Total liabilities and shareholders equity 6,102,755 5,837,966 264,789 Net interest income (FTE) 
 157,177 142,320 14,857 Interest rate spread 2.50 2.50 Net interest margin 2.69 2.59 0.10 
 
 -35- 

Management's Discussion and Analysis 

Interest income amounts presented in the preceding table include the following adjustments for taxable equivalency: 
 (Dollars in thousands) Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change Commercial loans 1,187 885 302 
 
 Net Interest Income 
 Net interest income, the primary source of our operating income, totaled 156.0 million and 141.4 million, respectively, for 2022 and 2021. Net interest income is affected by the level of and changes in interest rates, and changes in the amount and composition of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities. Prepayment penalty income associated with loan payoffs is included in net interest income. 
 
 The following discussion presents net interest income on an FTE basis by adjusting income and yields on tax-exempt loans and securities to be comparable to taxable loans and securities. 
 
 The analysis of net interest income, NIM and the yield on loans may be impacted by the periodic recognition of prepayment penalty fee income associated with commercial loan payoffs. Prepayment penalty fee income amounted to 183 thousand (or 0 basis points benefit to NIM) and 3.2 million (or 6 basis points benefit to NIM), respectively, in 2022 and 2021. 
 
 The analysis of net interest income, NIM and the yield on loans is also impacted by changes in the level of net amortization of premiums and discounts on securities and loans, which is included in interest income. Changes in market interest rates affect the level of loan prepayments and the receipt of payments on mortgage-backed securities. Prepayment speeds generally decrease as market interest rates rise and increase as market interest rates decline. Changes in prepayment speeds could increase or decrease the level of net amortization of premiums and discounts, thereby affecting interest income. Additionally, as PPP loans were forgiven by the SBA, related unamortized net fee balances were accelerated and amortized, increasing net interest income. As noted in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, net amortization of premiums and discounts on securities and loans (a net reduction to net interest income) amounted to 2.9 million in 2022, compared to 3.4 million in 2021. 
 
 Accelerated amortization of net deferred fee balances on PPP loans forgiven by the SBA amounted to 1.2 million (or 2 basis points benefit to NIM) and 5.4 million (or 10 basis points benefit to NIM), respectively, in 2022 and 2021. 
 
 FTE net interest income in 2022 amounted to 157.2 million, up by 14.9 million, or 10 , from 2021. Growth in average interest-earning assets, net of increased average interest-bearing liability balances, contributed 7.8 million of net interest income in 2022. Increases in asset yields outpaced increases in funding costs, contributing 7.1 million of net interest income. See additional discussion regarding interest rate sensitivity under the caption Asset/Liability Management and Interest Rate Risk. 
 
 NIM was 2.69 in 2022, up by 10 basis points from 2.59 in 2021. It included accelerated amortization of net deferred fee balances on PPP loans that were forgiven by the SBA and loan prepayment fees. Excluding the impact of both these items, NIM amounted to 2.67 in 2022, compared to 2.43 in 2021. NIM benefited from higher market interest rates in 2022. 
 
 Total average securities for 2022 increased by 108.0 million, or 11 , from the average balance for 2021, reflecting purchases of debt securities. The FTE rate of return on securities was 1.95 in 2022, up by 54 basis points from 1.41 in 2021, reflecting the impact of higher market interest rates in 2022. 
 
 Total average loan balances increased by 310.7 million, or 7 , from the average balance for 2021. This reflected growth in average residential real estate loan balances, partially offset by a decline in average commercial and industrial loans due to PPP loans that were forgiven by the SBA. The yield on total loans in 2022 was 3.75 , up by 39 basis points from 3.36 in 2021. The yield on total loans was impacted by accelerated amortization of net deferred fee balances on PPP loans when such loans were forgiven by the SBA, as well as the periodic recognition of loan prepayment fees. Excluding the impact of these items for both periods, the yield on total loans amounted to 3.71 in 2022, up by 55 basis points, from 3.16 in 2021, reflecting higher market interest rates. 

-36- 

Management's Discussion and Analysis 

 The average balance of FHLB advances for 2022 increased by 43.4 million, or 12 , compared to the average balance for 2021. The average rate paid on such advances in 2022 was 2.83 , up 181 basis points from 1.02 in 2021, reflecting increases in market interest rates. 
 
 Included in total average interest-bearing deposits were wholesale brokered deposits, which decreased by 237.3 million, or 37 , from 2021. The average rate paid on wholesale brokered deposits in 2022 was 1.04 , up by 85 basis points from 0.19 in 2021, reflecting increases in market interest rates. 
 
 Average in-market interest-bearing deposits, which excludes wholesale brokered deposits, increased by 523.7 million, or 16 , from the average balance in 2021, reflecting growth across all deposit categories. The average rate paid on in-market interest-bearing deposits in 2022 was 0.59 , up by 24 basis points from 0.35 in 2021, reflecting recent increases in market interest rates. 
 
 The average balance of noninterest-bearing demand deposits for 2022 decreased by 11.2 million, or 1 , from the average balance for 2021. 

-37- 

Management's Discussion and Analysis 

 Volume/Rate Analysis - Interest Income and Expense (FTE Basis) 
 The following table presents certain information on an FTE basis regarding changes in our interest income and interest expense for the period indicated. The net change attributable to both volume and rate has been allocated proportionately. 
 (Dollars in thousands) Changes Due To Years Ended December 31, 2022 vs. 2021 Volume Rate Net Change Interest on interest-earning assets: Cash, federal funds sold and short-term investments 67) 1,510 1,443 Mortgage loans held for sale (802) 436 (366) Taxable debt securities 1,639 5,893 7,532 FHLB stock 
 (15) 127 112 Commercial real estate 1,120 14,989 16,109 Commercial industrial (5,202) 2,477 (2,725) Total commercial 
 (4,082) 17,466 13,384 Residential real estate 
 13,139 (157) 12,982 Home equity 308 1,619 1,927 Other (184) (58) (242) Total consumer 
 124 1,561 1,685 Total loans 
 9,181 18,870 28,051 Total interest income 
 9,936 26,836 36,772 Interest on interest-bearing liabilities: Interest-bearing demand deposits 101 2,531 2,632 NOW accounts 60 311 371 Money market accounts 643 5,898 6,541 Savings accounts 28 163 191 Time deposits (in-market) 1,027 (146) 881 Interest-bearing in-market deposits 1,859 8,757 10,616 Wholesale brokered demand deposits 494 494 Wholesale brokered time deposits (665) 3,188 2,523 Wholesale brokered deposits (171) 3,188 3,017 Total interest-bearing deposits 
 1,688 11,945 13,633 FHLB advances 
 489 7,424 7,913 Junior subordinated debentures 369 369 Total interest expense 
 2,177 19,738 21,915 Net interest income FTE 
 7,759 7,098 14,857 
 
 Provision for Credit Losses 
 The provision for credit losses results from management s review of the adequacy of the ACL. The ACL is management s estimate, at the reporting date, of expected lifetime credit losses and includes consideration of current forecasted economic conditions. Estimating an appropriate level of ACL necessarily involves a high degree of judgment. 
 
 A negative provision for credit losses (or a benefit) of 1.3 million was recognized in earnings in 2022 compared to a negative provision for credit losses (or a benefit) of 4.8 million in 2021. The negative provision recognized in 2022 was reflective of low loss rates and continued strength in asset and credit quality metrics that more than offset negative trends in macroeconomic forecasts and loan growth that was concentrated in residential real estate loans. The negative provision in 2021 reflected an improvement in forecasted economic conditions following higher credit loss provisioning in 2020, which was attributable to the emergence of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 
 Net recoveries totaled 368 thousand, or 0.01 of average loans, in 2022, compared to net charge-offs of 417 thousand, or 0.01 of average loans, in 2021. 
 
 -38- 

Management's Discussion and Analysis 

The ACL on loans was 38.0 million, or 0.74 of total loans, at December 31, 2022, compared to 39.1 million, or 0.91 of total loans, at December 31, 2021. See additional discussion under the caption Asset Quality for further information on the ACL on loans. 
 
 Noninterest Income 
 Noninterest income is an important source of revenue for Washington Trust. The principal categories of noninterest income are shown in the following table: 
 (Dollars in thousands) Change Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Noninterest income : 
 Wealth management revenues 38,746 41,282 2,536) (6 Mortgage banking revenues 8,733 28,626 (19,893) (69) Card interchange fees 4,996 4,996 Service charges on deposit accounts 3,192 2,683 509 19 Loan related derivative income 2,756 4,342 (1,586) (37) Income from bank-owned life insurance 2,591 2,925 (334) (11) Other income 1,588 2,540 (952) (37) Total noninterest income 62,602 87,394 24,792) (28 
 
 Noninterest Income Analysis 
 Revenue from wealth management services represented 62 of total noninterest income in 2022, compared to 47 in 2021. A substantial portion of wealth management revenues is dependent on the value of wealth management AUA and is closely tied to the performance of the financial markets. This portion of wealth management revenues is referred to as asset-based and includes trust and investment management fees. Wealth management revenues also include transaction-based revenues, such as commissions and other service fees that are not primarily derived from the value of assets. 
 
 The categories of wealth management revenues are shown in the following table: 
 (Dollars in thousands) Change Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Wealth management revenues: Asset-based revenues 37,602 40,215 2,613) (6 Transaction-based revenues 1,144 1,067 77 7 Total wealth management revenues 38,746 41,282 2,536) (6 
 
 Wealth management revenues for 2022 decreased by 2.5 million, or 6 , from 2021, reflecting a decrease in asset-based revenues. The change in asset-based revenues correlated with the decrease in average AUA balances in 2022. The average balance of AUA in 2022 decreased by 6 from the average balance in 2021. 
 
 The following table presents the changes in wealth management AUA balances: 
 (Dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 Wealth management AUA: 
 Balance at the beginning of period 7,784,211 6,866,737 Net investment (depreciation) appreciation income (1,132,378) 931,302 Net client asset outflows (689,843) (13,828) Balance at the end of period 5,961,990 7,784,211 
 
 The end of period AUA balance amounted to 6.0 billion at December 31, 2022, down by 1.8 billion, or 23 , from 
 
 -39- 

Management's Discussion and Analysis 

 December 31, 2021. This decline was attributable to net investment depreciation as a result of declines in the financial markets and also reflected elevated net client asset outflows. 
 
 At the end of the third quarter of 2022, four client-facing wealth management advisors at WTA, our registered investment adviser subsidiary, resigned. These four employees were associated with approximately 1.0 billion of AUA as of September 30, 2022. In the fourth quarter of 2022, client asset withdrawals associated with the departure of the advisors amounted to 604 million, which reduced wealth management revenues by approximately 525 thousand in the fourth quarter. Since the end of 2022 and through February 14, 2023, we have been notified of additional client withdrawals of approximately 76 million. Based on the cumulative withdrawals through February 14, 2023, we estimate a decline in 2023 wealth management revenues of approximately 3.4 million associated with these withdrawals. Washington Trust could experience additional client asset withdrawals in upcoming months associated with the departure of the former advisors. While there are cost savings in salaries and employee benefits expense associated with the departure of these advisors, they currently are being offset by a higher level of legal expenses also associated with this matter. 
 
 Mortgage banking revenues represented 14 of total noninterest income in 2022, compared to 33 for 2021. These revenues are dependent on mortgage origination volume and are sensitive to interest rates and the condition of housing markets. The composition of mortgage banking revenues and the volume of loans sold to the secondary market are shown in the following table: 
 (Dollars in thousands) Change Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Mortgage banking revenues: Realized gains on loan sales, net (1) 
 7,954 33,752 25,798) (76 Changes in fair value, net (2) 
 (1,224) (5,558) 4,334 78 Loan servicing fee income, net (3) 
 2,003 432 1,571 364 Total mortgage banking revenues 8,733 28,626 19,893) (69 Loans sold to the secondary market (4) 
 339,748 953,436 613,688) (64 
 (1) Includes gains on loan sales, commission income on loans originated for others, servicing right gains, and gains (losses) on forward loan commitments. 
 (2) Represents fair value changes on mortgage loans held for sale and forward loan commitments. 
 (3) Represents loan servicing fee income, net of servicing right amortization and valuation adjustments. 
 (4) Includes brokered loans (loans originated for others). 
 
 Mortgage banking revenues in 2022 decreased by 19.9 million, or 69 , from 2021. The decline in mortgage banking revenues was mainly attributable to a decline in sales volume and a reduction in the sales yield. Mortgage loans sold to the secondary market totaled 339.7 million in 2022 compared to 953.4 million in 2021, reflecting an overall reduction of mortgage origination and sales activity, as well as a shift to a higher proportion of loans originated for portfolio in 2022. The reduction of mortgage origination and sales activity was driven by increases in market interest rates and changes in the housing markets. Mortgage banking revenues were also impacted by changes in the fair value of mortgage loans held for sale and forward loan commitments, which are primarily based on current market prices in the secondary market and correlate to changes in the size of the mortgage pipeline. In addition, the decline in mortgage banking revenues was partially offset by higher net loan servicing fee income associated with loans sold with servicing retained. The increase in net loan servicing fee income was largely due to lower amortization of servicing rights, reflecting lower prepayment speeds on the serviced mortgage portfolio. 
 
 Loan related derivative income decreased by 1.6 million, or 37 , from 2021, largely reflecting a decrease in commercial borrower interest rate derivative transactions. 
 
 Other income decreased by 952 thousand, or 37 , from 2021, largely due to 1.0 million of income associated with a litigation settlement that was recognized in 2021. 

-40- 

Management's Discussion and Analysis 

 Noninterest Expense 
 The following table presents noninterest expense comparisons: 
 (Dollars in thousands) Change Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Noninterest expense: Salaries and employee benefits 83,804 87,295 3,491) (4 Outsourced services 13,737 13,296 441 3 Net occupancy 9,126 8,449 677 8 Equipment 3,797 3,905 (108) (3) Legal, audit and professional fees 3,127 2,859 268 9 FDIC deposit insurance costs 
 1,687 1,592 95 6 Advertising and promotion 2,587 1,843 744 40 Amortization of intangibles 860 890 (30) (3) Debt prepayment penalties 6,930 (6,930) (100) Other 9,997 8,405 1,592 19 Total noninterest expense 128,722 135,464 6,742) (5 
 
 Noninterest Expense Analysis 
 Salaries and employee benefits expense, the largest component of noninterest expense, for 2022 decreased by 3.5 million, or 4 , from 2021, largely reflecting volume-related decreases in mortgage originator compensation expense, lower performance-based compensation costs and lower wealth management compensation expense, partially offset by annual merit increases and higher staffing levels. 
 
 Debt prepayment penalty expense amounted to 6.9 million in 2021, due to the prepayment of higher-yielding FHLB advances. There were no such debt prepayments in 2022. 
 
 Other expenses for 2022 increased by 1.6 million, or 19 from 2021. Included in other expenses in 2022 was a contribution totaling 600 thousand that Washington Trust made to its charitable foundation. There was no such contribution expense in 2021. Excluding the impact of this item, other expenses was up by 1.0 million, or 12 , from 2021, reflecting increases across a variety of other noninterest expense categories. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 The following table presents the Corporation s income tax expense and effective tax rate for the periods indicated: 
 (Dollars in thousands) Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 Income tax expense 19,489 21,317 Effective income tax rate 21.4 21.7 
 
 The effective tax rates differed from the federal rate of 21 , primarily due to state income tax expense, partially offset by the benefits of tax-exempt income, income from BOLI, federal tax credits and the recognition of excess tax expense or benefits associated with the settlement of share-based awards. 
 
 The Corporation s net deferred tax assets amounted to 56.4 million at December 31, 2022, compared to 14.0 million at December 31, 2021. The Corporation has determined that a valuation allowance is not required for any of the deferred tax assets since it is more-likely-than-not that these assets will be realized primarily through future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences or by offsetting projected future taxable income. Net deferred tax assets increased in 2022, largely reflecting increases in deferred tax assets associated with the declines in fair value of securities available for sale and cash flow hedges that were primarily attributable to relative changes in market interest rates. 
 
 See Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding income taxes. 
 
 -41- 

Management's Discussion and Analysis 

Segment Reporting 
 The Corporation manages its operations through two reportable business segments, consisting of Commercial Banking and Wealth Management Services. See Note 18 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional disclosure related to business segments. 
 
 Commercial Banking 
 The following table presents a summarized statement of operations for the Commercial Banking business segment: 
 (Dollars in thousands) Change Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Net interest income 156,040 141,493 14,547 10 Provision for credit losses (1,300) (4,822) 3,522 (73) Net interest income after provision for credit losses 157,340 146,315 11,025 8 Noninterest income 23,088 44,748 (21,660) (48) Noninterest expense 96,973 103,856 (6,883) (7) Income before income taxes 83,455 87,207 (3,752) (4) Income tax expense 17,557 18,575 (1,018) (5) Net income 65,898 68,632 2,734) (4 
 
 Net interest income for the Commercial Banking segment increased by 14.5 million, or 10 , from 2021. Growth in net interest income was largely driven by higher yields on, and growth in, average interest-earning assets, partially offset by a higher cost of funds. These increases were partially offset by lower levels of accelerated amortization of net deferred fee balances on PPP loans forgiven by the SBA and prepayment penalty fee income associated with loans payoffs. 
 
 A negative provision for credit losses (or a benefit) of 1.3 million was recognized in earnings in 2022, compared to a negative provision for credit losses (or a benefit) of 4.8 million in 2021. See additional discussion under the caption Provision for Credit Losses. 
 
 Noninterest income derived from the Commercial Banking segment decreased by 21.7 million, or 48 , from 2021, largely reflecting lower mortgage banking revenues and lower loan related derivative income. See additional discussion under the caption Noninterest Income above. 
 
 Commercial Banking noninterest expenses were down by 6.9 million, or 7 , from 2021. This reflected decreases in debt prepayment penalty expense and salaries and employee benefits, partially offset by increases in outsourced services, advertising and promotion and other expenses. See additional disclosure under the caption Noninterest Expense above. 
 
 Wealth Management Services 
 The following table presents a summarized statement of operations for the Wealth Management Services business segment: 
 (Dollars in thousands) Change Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Net interest expense 50) 58) 8 (14 Noninterest income 39,514 42,646 (3,132) (7) Noninterest expense 31,749 31,608 141 Income before income taxes 7,715 10,980 (3,265) (30) Income tax expense 1,932 2,742 (810) (30) Net income 5,783 8,238 2,455) (30 
 
 Noninterest income for the Wealth Management Services segment decreased by 3.1 million, or 7 , compared to 2021, due to a decrease in asset-based revenues. The decline in revenues in 2022 also included income of 1.0 million associated with a 
 
 -42- 

Management's Discussion and Analysis 

 litigation settlement that was recognized in 2021. See further discussion of wealth management revenues under the caption Noninterest Income above. 
 
 Noninterest expenses for the Wealth Management Services segment increased by 141 thousand, or 0.4 , compared to 2021. Increases in legal, audit and professional fees and other expense were largely offset by a decrease in salaries and employee benefits expense. See additional discussion under the caption Noninterest Expense above. 

Financial Condition 
 Summary 
 The following table presents selected financial condition data: 
 (Dollars in thousands) Change December 31, 2022 2021 Cash and due from banks 115,492 175,259 59,767) (34 Total securities 993,928 1,042,859 (48,931) (5) Total loans 5,110,139 4,272,925 837,214 20 Allowance for credit losses on loans 38,027 39,088 (1,061) (3) Total assets 6,660,051 5,851,127 808,924 14 Total deposits 5,018,962 4,980,051 38,911 1 FHLB advances 
 980,000 145,000 835,000 576 Total shareholders equity 453,669 564,808 (111,139) (20) 
 
 Total assets amounted to 6.7 billion at December 31, 2022, up by 808.9 million, or 14 , from the end of 2021 due to loan growth. 
 
 Cash and due from banks declined by 59.8 million, or 34 , from the end of 2021, reflecting lower cash balances on deposit at correspondent banks and a reduction in cash collateral pledged to derivative counterparties. See Note 9 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional disclosure regarding derivative financial instruments. 
 
 The securities portfolio decreased by 48.9 million, or 5 , from the end of 2021. A decline in the fair value of available for sale securities primarily attributable to changes in interest rates and routine pay-downs on mortgage-backed securities were partially offset by purchases of debt securities. 
 
 Total loans increased by 837.2 million, or 20 , from the balance at December 31, 2021, led by growth in the residential real estate portfolio. 
 
 Total deposits increased by 38.9 million, or 1 , from the end of 2021 with growth in in-market deposits, partially offset by a decrease in wholesale brokered deposits. FHLB advances increased by 835.0 million, or 576 , from December 31, 2021, as higher levels of wholesale funding were utilized to fund balance sheet growth. 
 
 Shareholders equity amounted to 453.7 million at December 31, 2022, down by 111.1 million, or 20 , from the balance at December 31, 2021, largely reflecting a decline in the AOCL component of shareholders equity due decreases in the fair value of available for sale debt securities and cash flow hedges that were primarily attributable to changes in market interest rates. 
 
 Securities 
 I nvestment security activity is monitored by the Investment Committee, the members of which also sit on the ALCO. Asset and liability management objectives are the primary influence on the Corporation s investment activities. However, the Corporation also recognizes that there are certain specific risks inherent in investment activities. The securities portfolio is managed in accordance with regulatory guidelines and established internal corporate investment policies that provide limitations on specific risk factors such as market risk, credit risk and concentration, liquidity risk and operational risk to help monitor risks associated with investing in securities. Reports on the activities conducted by the Investment Committee and the ALCO are presented to the Board of Directors on a regular basis. 

-43- 

Management's Discussion and Analysis 

 The Corporation s securities portfolio is managed to generate interest income, to implement interest rate risk management strategies, and to provide a readily available source of liquidity for balance sheet management. Securities are designated as either available for sale, held to maturity or trading at the time of purchase. The Corporation does not maintain a portfolio of trading securities and does not have securities designated as held to maturity. Securities available for sale may be sold in response to changes in market conditions, prepayment risk, rate fluctuations, liquidity, or capital requirements. Debt securities available for sale are reported at fair value, with any unrealized gains and losses excluded from earnings and reported as a separate component of shareholders equity, net of tax, until realized. 
 
 Determination of Fair Value 
 The Corporation uses an independent pricing service to obtain quoted prices. The prices provided by the independent pricing service are generally based on observable market data in active markets. The determination of whether markets are active or inactive is based upon the level of trading activity for a particular security class. Management reviews the independent pricing service s documentation to gain an understanding of the appropriateness of the pricing methodologies. Management also reviews the prices provided by the independent pricing service for reasonableness based upon current trading levels for similar securities. If the prices appear unusual, they are re-examined and the value is either confirmed or revised. In addition, management periodically performs independent price tests of securities to ensure proper valuation and to verify our understanding of how securities are priced. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, management did not make any adjustments to the prices provided by the pricing service. 
 
 Our fair value measurements generally utilize Level 2 inputs, representing quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in inactive markets, and model-derived valuations in which all significant input assumptions are observable in active markets. 
 
 See Notes 3 and 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding the determination of fair value of investment securities. 
 
 Securities Portfolio 
 The carrying amounts of securities held are as follows: 
 (Dollars in thousands) December 31, 2022 2021 Amount Amount Available for Sale Debt Securities: Obligations of U.S. government-sponsored enterprises 
 199,582 20 196,454 19 Mortgage-backed securities issued by U.S. government agencies and U.S. government-sponsored enterprises 
 774,102 78 824,962 79 Individual name issuer trust preferred debt securities 8,760 1 9,138 1 Corporate bonds 11,484 1 12,305 1 Total available for sale debt securities 993,928 100 1,042,859 100 
 
 The securities portfolio represented 15 of total assets at December 31, 2022, compared to 18 of total assets at December 31, 2021. The largest component of the securities portfolio is mortgage-backed securities, all of which are issued by U.S. government agencies or U.S. government-sponsored enterprises. 
 
 The securities portfolio decreased by 48.9 million, or 5 , from the end of 2021. This included a decline of 163.5 million (pretax) in the fair value of available for sale securities and 116.1 million of routine pay-downs on mortgage-backed securities. These were partially offset by purchases of U.S. government agency and U.S. government-sponsored debt securities, including mortgage-backed securities, totaling 234.1 million, with a weighted average yield of 3.58 . 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the carrying amount of available for sale debt securities included net unrealized losses of 172.4 million, compared to net unrealized losses of 8.9 million as of December 31, 2021. The decline in fair value of available for sale debt securities from the end of 2021 was primarily concentrated in obligations of U.S. government agencies and U.S. government-sponsored enterprises, including mortgage-backed securities, and primarily attributable to relative 
 
 -44- 

Management's Discussion and Analysis 

 changes in market interest rates since the time of purchase. See Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 
 Federal Home Loan Bank Stock 
 The Bank is a member of the FHLB, which is a cooperative that provides services to its member banking institutions. The primary reason for the Bank s membership is to gain access to a reliable source of wholesale funding in order to manage interest rate risk. The purchase of FHLB stock is a requirement for a member to gain access to funding. The Bank purchases FHLB stock in proportion to the volume of funding received and views the purchases as a necessary long-term investment for the purposes of balance sheet liquidity and not for investment return. The Bank s investment in FHLB stock totaled 43.5 million at December 31, 2022, compared to 13.0 million at December 31, 2021. See Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 
 Loans 
 Total loans amounted to 5.1 billion at December 31, 2022, up by 837.2 million, or 20 , from the end of 2021, led by growth in the residential real estate portfolio. 
 
 The following table sets forth the composition of the Corporation s loan portfolio: 
 (Dollars in thousands) December 31, 2022 2021 Amount Amount Commercial: Commercial real estate (1) 
 1,829,304 36 1,639,062 38 Commercial industrial (2) 
 656,397 13 641,555 15 Total commercial 2,485,701 49 2,280,617 53 Residential real estate: Residential real estate (3) 
 2,323,002 45 1,726,975 40 Consumer: Home equity 285,715 6 247,697 6 Other (4) 
 15,721 17,636 1 Total consumer 301,436 6 265,333 7 Total loans 5,110,139 100 4,272,925 100 
 (1) CRE consists of commercial mortgages primarily secured by income-producing property, as well as construction and development loans. Construction and development loans are made to businesses for land development or the on-site construction of industrial, commercial, or residential buildings. 
 (2) C I consists of loans to businesses and individuals, a portion of which are fully or partially collateralized by real estate. C I also includes 1.1 million and 38.0 million, respectively, of PPP loans as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 (3) Residential real estate consists of mortgage and homeowner construction loans secured by one- to four-family residential properties. 
 (4) Other consists of loans to individuals secured by general aviation aircraft and other personal installment loans. 

-45- 

Management's Discussion and Analysis 

 An analysis of the maturity and interest rate sensitivity of the Corporation s loan portfolio as of December 31, 2022 follows: 
 (Dollars in thousands) Commercial Consumer CRE (1) 
 C I 
 Total Commercial Residential Real Estate (2) 
 Home Equity Other Total Consumer Total Amounts due in: One year or less 237,351 118,988 356,339 57,488 3,025 4,036 7,061 420,888 After one year to five years 867,955 359,527 1,227,482 251,481 10,806 5,560 16,366 1,495,329 After five years to fifteen years 723,998 177,882 901,880 746,496 21,275 4,696 25,971 1,674,347 After fifteen years 1,267,537 250,609 1,429 252,038 1,519,575 Total 1,829,304 656,397 2,485,701 2,323,002 285,715 15,721 301,436 5,110,139 Interest rate terms on amounts due after one year: Predetermined rates 412,404 156,289 568,693 1,207,513 37,336 10,256 47,592 1,823,798 Variable or adjustable rates 1,179,549 381,120 1,560,669 1,058,001 245,354 1,429 246,783 2,865,453 
 (1) Includes construction and development loans that will convert to repayment terms following the construction period and will be reclassified to either the CRE or C I category. 
 (2) Includes homeowner construction loans. Maturities of homeowner construction loans are included based on their contractual conventional mortgage repayment terms following the completion of construction. 
 
 Generally, the actual maturity of loans is substantially shorter than their contractual maturity due to prepayments and, in the case of loans secured by real estate, due to payoff of loans upon the sale of the property by the borrower. The average life of loans secured by real estate tends to increase when market loan rates are higher than rates on existing portfolio loans and, conversely, tends to decrease when rates on existing portfolio loans are higher than market loan rates. Under the latter scenario, the average yield on portfolio loans tends to decrease as higher yielding loans are repaid or refinanced at lower rates. Due to the fact that the Bank may, consistent with industry practice, renew a significant portion of commercial loans at or immediately prior to their maturity by renewing the loans on substantially similar or revised terms, the principal repayments actually received by the Bank are anticipated to be significantly less than the amounts contractually due in any particular period. In other circumstances, a loan, or a portion of a loan, may not be repaid due to the borrower s inability to satisfy the contractual terms of the loan. 
 
 Commercial Loans 
 The commercial loan portfolio represented 49 of total loans at December 31, 2022. 
 
 In making commercial loans, we may occasionally solicit the participation of other banks. The Bank also participates in commercial loans originated by other banks. In such cases, these loans are individually underwritten by us using standards similar to those employed for our self-originated loans. Our participation in commercial loans originated by other banks amounted to 510.6 million and 451.6 million, respectively, at December 31, 2022 and 2021. Our participation in commercial loans originated by other banks also includes shared national credits. 
 
 Commercial loans fall into two main categories, CRE and C I loans. CRE loans consist of commercial mortgages secured by real property where the primary source of repayment is derived from rental income associated with the property or the proceeds of the sale, refinancing or permanent financing of the property. CRE loans also include construction loans made to businesses for land development or the on-site construction of industrial, commercial, or residential buildings. C I loans primarily provide working capital, equipment financing and financing for other business-related purposes. C I loans are frequently collateralized by equipment, inventory, accounts receivable, and/or general business assets. A portion of the Bank s C I loans is also collateralized by real estate. C I loans also include PPP loans that are fully guaranteed by the U.S. government, tax-exempt loans made to states and political subdivisions, as well as industrial development or revenue bonds issued through quasi-public corporations for the benefit of a private or non-profit entity where that entity rather than the governmental entity is obligated to pay the debt service. 

-46- 

Management's Discussion and Analysis 

 Commercial Real Estate Loans 
 CRE loans totaled 1.8 billion at December 31, 2022, up by 190.2 million, or 12 , from the balance at December 31, 2021. In 2022, CRE loan originations and advances totaled approximately 569 million, partially offset by principal payments of approximately 379 million. 
 
 Included in the CRE loan portfolio were construction and development loans of 164.1 million and 122.4 million, respectively, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Shared national credit balances outstanding included in the CRE loan portfolio totaled 10.5 million and 3.5 million, respectively, at December 31, 2022 and 2021. The balance was included in the pass-rated category of commercial loan credit quality and current with respect to contractual payment terms at both December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 The following table presents a geographic summary of CRE loans by property location: 
 (Dollars in thousands) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Outstanding Balance of Total Outstanding Balance of Total Connecticut 691,780 38 643,182 39 Massachusetts 566,717 31 464,018 28 Rhode Island 387,759 21 408,496 25 Subtotal 1,646,256 90 1,515,696 92 All other states 183,048 10 123,366 8 Total 1,829,304 100 1,639,062 100 
 
 The following table presents a summary of CRE loans by property type segmentation: 
 (Dollars in thousands) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Count Outstanding Balance of Total Count Outstanding Balance of Total CRE Portfolio Segmentation: 
 Multi-family dwelling 127 469,233 26 127 474,229 29 Retail 108 421,617 23 121 389,487 24 Office 53 257,551 14 57 216,602 13 Hospitality 33 214,829 12 31 184,990 11 Industrial and warehouse 42 192,717 11 35 137,254 8 Healthcare 17 136,225 7 13 128,189 8 Commercial mixed use 21 54,976 3 20 38,978 2 Other 34 82,156 4 36 69,333 5 Total CRE loans 
 435 1,829,304 100 440 1,639,062 100 Average CRE loan size 
 4,205 3,725 Largest individual CRE loan outstanding 
 65,431 39,945 
 
 Commercial and Industrial Loans 
 C I loans amounted to 656.4 million at December 31, 2022, up by 14.8 million, or 2 , from the balance at December 31, 2021. This included a net reduction of PPP loans of 36.9 million, reflecting loans forgiven by the SBA. Excluding PPP loans, C I loans increased by 51.7 million in 2022, as loan originations and advances of approximately 142 million were offset by principal payments of approximately 90 million. 
 
 Included in C I loans were PPP loans of 1.1 million and 38.0 million, respectively, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

-47- 

Management's Discussion and Analysis 

 Shared national credit balances outstanding included in the C I loan portfolio totaled 40.9 million and 40.8 million, respectively, at December 31, 2022 and 2021. All of these loans were included in the pass-rated category of commercial loan credit quality and were current with respect to contractual payment terms at both December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 The following table presents a summary of C I loan by industry segmentation: 
 (Dollars in thousands) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Count Outstanding Balance of Total Count Outstanding Balance of Total C I Portfolio Segmentation: 
 Healthcare and social assistance 69 193,052 29 101 174,376 27 Owner occupied and other real estate 168 72,429 11 185 72,957 11 Manufacturing 55 60,601 9 65 55,341 9 Retail 50 56,012 9 79 47,290 7 Transportation and warehousing 
 20 51,347 8 31 35,064 5 Educational services 19 46,708 7 28 52,211 8 Finance and insurance 
 55 28,313 4 59 31,279 5 Entertainment and recreation 
 24 25,646 4 37 32,087 5 Information 
 5 23,948 4 14 25,045 4 Accommodation and food services 49 17,167 3 114 28,320 4 Professional, scientific and technical 
 37 6,451 1 69 8,912 1 Public administration 
 11 3,789 1 16 5,441 1 Other 
 162 70,934 10 281 73,232 13 Total C I loans 
 724 656,397 100 1,079 641,555 100 Average C I loan size 
 907 595 Largest individual C I loan outstanding 
 27,676 18,721 
 
 Residential Real Estate Loans 
 The residential real estate loan portfolio represented 45 of total loans at December 31, 2022. 
 
 Residential real estate loans held in portfolio amounted to 2.3 billion at December 31, 2022, up by 596.0 million, or 35 , from the balance at December 31, 2021, reflecting a higher proportion of loans originated for portfolio than for sale in 2022. 
 
 The following is a geographic summary of residential real estate loans by property location: 
 (Dollars in thousands) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Amount of Total Amount of Total Massachusetts 
 1,698,240 73 1,207,789 70 Rhode Island 446,010 19 365,831 21 Connecticut 
 153,323 7 132,430 8 Subtotal 2,297,573 99 1,706,050 99 All other states 25,429 1 20,925 1 Total (1) 
 2,323,002 100 1,726,975 100 
 (1) Includes residential mortgage loans purchased from and serviced by other financial institutions totaling 59.9 million and 78.7 million, respectively, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Residential real estate loans are originated both for sale to the secondary market as well as for retention in the Bank s loan portfolio. We also originate residential real estate loans for various investors in a broker capacity, including conventional mortgages and reverse mortgages. 

-48- 

Management's Discussion and Analysis 

 The table below presents residential real estate loan origination activity: 
 (Dollars in thousands) Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 Amount of Total Amount of Total Originations for retention in portfolio (1) 
 881,874 74 756,343 45 Originations for sale to the secondary market (2) 
 309,407 26 933,324 55 Total 1,191,281 100 1,689,667 100 
 (1) Includes the full commitment amount of homeowner construction loans. 
 (2) Includes brokered loans (loans originated for others). 
 
 The table below presents residential real estate loan sales activity: 
 (Dollars in thousands) Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 Amount of Total Amount of Total Loans sold with servicing rights retained 99,849 29 591,550 62 Loans sold with servicing rights released (1) 
 239,899 71 361,886 38 Total 339,748 100 953,436 100 
 (1) Includes brokered loans (loans originated for others). 
 
 Residential real estate loan origination, refinancing and sales activity decreased in 2022 in response to increases in market interest rates. 
 
 We have active relationships with various secondary market investors that purchase residential real estate loans we originate. In addition to managing our interest rate risk position and earnings through the sale of these loans, we are also able to manage our liquidity position through timely sales of residential real estate loans to the secondary market. 
 
 Loans are sold with servicing retained or released. Loans sold with servicing rights retained result in the capitalization of servicing rights. Loan servicing rights are included in other assets and are subsequently amortized as an offset to mortgage banking revenues over the estimated period of servicing. The net balance of capitalized servicing rights amounted to 9.0 million and 9.8 million, respectively, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The balance of residential mortgage loans serviced for others, which are not included in the Consolidated Balance Sheets, amounted to 1.5 billion at both December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Consumer Loans 
 Consumer loans include home equity loans and lines of credit and personal installment loans. Home equity lines of credit and home equity loans represented 95 of the total consumer portfolio at December 31, 2022. Our home equity line and home equity loan origination activities are conducted primarily in southern New England. The Bank estimates that approximately 55 of the combined home equity lines of credit and home equity loan balances are first lien positions or subordinate to other Washington Trust mortgages. 
 
 The consumer loan portfolio totaled 301.4 million at December 31, 2022, up by 36.1 million, or 14 , from December 31, 2021, reflecting increases in home equity lines and loans. Purchased consumer loans, consisting of loans to individuals secured by general aviation aircraft, amounted to 9.6 million and 9.4 million, respectively, at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Investment in Bank-Owned Life Insurance 
 BOLI amounted to 102.2 million and 92.6 million, respectively, at December 31, 2022 and 2021. The increase in 2022 included 7.0 million of purchases of BOLI. BOLI provides a means to mitigate increasing employee benefit costs. The Corporation expects to benefit from the BOLI contracts as a result of the tax-free growth in cash surrender value and death benefits that are expected to be generated over time. The purchase of the life insurance policy results in an income-earning asset on the Consolidated Balance Sheet that provides monthly tax-free income to the Corporation. The largest risk to the BOLI program is credit risk of the insurance carriers. To mitigate this risk, annual financial condition reviews are completed 
 
 -49- 

Management's Discussion and Analysis 

 on all carriers. BOLI is invested in the general account of quality insurance companies. All such general account carriers were rated as investment grade at December 31, 2022 by credit rating agencies such as A.M. Best, Moody s and S P. BOLI is included in the Consolidated Balance Sheet at its cash surrender value. Increases in BOLI s cash surrender value are reported as a component of noninterest income in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 

Asset Quality 
 Management continually monitors the asset quality of the loan portfolio using all available information. The Board of Directors monitors credit risk management through two committees, the Finance Committee and the Audit Committee. The Finance Committee has oversight responsibility for the credit granting function, including approval authority for credit granting policies, review of management s credit granting activities and approval of large exposure credit requests. The Audit Committee has oversight responsibility for the risk management program, which includes credit risk management activities performed by management such as the monitoring of the credit quality of the loan portfolio, conducting a credit review program and determining the adequacy of the ACL. The Audit Committee also approves the policy and methodology for establishing the ACL. These committees report the results of their respective oversight functions to the Board of Directors. In addition, the Board of Directors receives information concerning asset quality measurements and trends on a regular basis. 
 
 Nonperforming Assets 
 Nonperforming assets include nonaccrual loans and OREO. 
 
 The following table presents nonperforming assets and additional asset quality data: 
 (Dollars in thousands) December 31, 2022 2021 Commercial: Commercial real estate 
 Commercial industrial 
 Total commercial 
 Residential Real Estate: Residential real estate 
 11,894 13,576 Consumer: Home equity 
 952 627 Other 
 Total consumer 
 952 627 Total nonaccrual loans 12,846 14,203 OREO, net 
 Total nonperforming assets 12,846 14,203 Nonperforming assets to total assets 0.19 0.24 Nonperforming loans to total loans 0.25 0.33 Total past due loans to total loans 0.23 0.24 Allowance for credit losses on loans to total loans 0.74 0.91 Accruing loans 90 days or more past due 
 
 Total nonperforming assets decreased by 1.4 million from December 31, 2021, reflecting a decline in nonaccrual loans. 
 
 Nonaccrual Loans 
 Loans, with the exception of certain well-secured loans that are in the process of collection, are placed on nonaccrual status and interest recognition is suspended when such loans are 90 days or more overdue with respect to principal and/or interest, or sooner if considered appropriate by management. Loans are removed from nonaccrual status when they have been current as to principal and interest for a period of time, the borrower has demonstrated an ability to comply with repayment terms, 
 
 -50- 

Management's Discussion and Analysis 

 and when, in management s opinion, the loans are considered to be fully collectible. During 2022, the Corporation made no changes in its practices or policies concerning the placement of loans into nonaccrual status. 
 
 Interest income that would have been recognized if loans on nonaccrual status had been current in accordance with their original terms was approximately 640 thousand in 2022, compared to 647 thousand in 2021. Interest income attributable to these loans included in the Consolidated Statements of Income amounted to approximately 463 thousand and 528 thousand, respectively, in 2022 and 2021. 
 
 The following table presents the activity in nonaccrual loans: 
 (Dollars in thousands) Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 Balance at beginning of period 14,203 13,197 Additions to nonaccrual status 3,591 7,813 Loans returned to accruing status (699) (1,216) Loans charged-off (184) (661) Payments, payoffs and other changes (4,065) (4,930) Balance at end of period 12,846 14,203 
 
 The following table presents additional detail on nonaccrual loans: 
 (Dollars in thousands) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Days Past Due Days Past Due Over 90 Under 90 Total (1) 
 Over 90 Under 90 Total (1) 
 Commercial: 
 Commercial real estate 
 Commercial industrial 
 Total commercial 
 Residential Real Estate: 
 Residential real estate 
 3,779 8,115 11,894 0.51 4,662 8,914 13,576 0.79 Consumer: Home equity 952 952 0.33 108 519 627 0.25 Other Total consumer 952 952 0.32 108 519 627 0.24 Total nonaccrual loans 3,779 9,067 12,846 0.25 4,770 9,433 14,203 0.33 
 (1) Percentage of nonaccrual loans to the total loans outstanding within the respective category. 
 
 There were no significant commitments to lend additional funds to borrowers whose loans were on nonaccrual status at December 31, 2022. 
 
 As of both December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the composition of nonaccrual loans was 100 residential and consumer. 
 
 Nonaccrual residential real estate mortgage loans amounted to 11.9 million at December 31, 2022, down by 1.7 million from the end of 2021. As of December 31, 2022, the balance of nonaccrual residential mortgage loans was predominately secured by properties in Massachusetts, Connecticut and Rhode Island. Included in total nonaccrual residential real estate loans at December 31, 2022 were four loans purchased for portfolio and serviced by others amounting to 1.1 million. Management monitors the collection efforts of its third-party servicers as part of its assessment of the collectability of nonperforming loans. 

-51- 

Management's Discussion and Analysis 

 Troubled Debt Restructurings 
 In the course of resolving problem loans, the Corporation may choose to restructure the contractual terms of certain loans. A loan that has been modified or renewed is considered to be a TDR when two conditions are met: (1) the borrower is experiencing financial difficulty and (2) concessions are made for the borrower s benefit that would not otherwise be considered for a borrower or a transaction with similar credit risk characteristics. The decision to restructure a loan, versus aggressively enforcing the collection of the loan, may benefit the Corporation by increasing the ultimate probability of collection. 
 
 TDRs are classified as accruing or non-accruing based on management s assessment of the collectability of the loan. Loans that are already on nonaccrual status at the time of the restructuring generally remain on nonaccrual status for approximately six months before management considers such loans for return to accruing status. Accruing restructured loans are placed into nonaccrual status if and when the borrower fails to comply with the restructured terms and management deems it unlikely that the borrower will return to a status of compliance in the near term and full collection of principal and interest is in doubt. 
 
 TDRs are reported as such for at least one year from the date of the restructuring. In years after the restructuring, a TDR is removed from this classification if the restructuring did not involve a below-market rate concession and the loan is performing in accordance with its modified contractual terms for a reasonable period of time. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, there were no significant commitments to lend additional funds to borrowers whose loans had been restructured in a TDR. 
 
 See Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for discussion on ASU No. 2022-02, a recently issued accounting pronouncement that became effective January 1, 2023. ASU No. 2022-02 updates the accounting treatment and related disclosure requirements for TDRs. 

-52- 

Management's Discussion and Analysis 

 The following table sets forth information on TDRs as of the dates indicated. The amounts below consist of unpaid principal balance, net of charge-offs and unamortized deferred loan origination fees and costs. Accrued interest is not included in the carrying amounts set forth below. 
 
 (Dollars in thousands) December 31, 2022 2021 Accruing TDRs 
 Commercial: Commercial real estate 
 2,102 10,603 Commercial industrial 
 839 2,792 Total commercial 
 2,941 13,395 Residential Real Estate: Residential real estate 
 543 2,372 Consumer: Home equity 
 35 561 Other 
 Total consumer 
 35 561 Accruing TDRs 
 3,519 16,328 Nonaccrual TDRs 
 Residential Real Estate: Residential real estate 
 4,481 2,748 Consumer: Home equity 
 592 71 Other 
 Total consumer 
 592 71 Nonaccrual TDRs 
 5,073 2,819 Total TDRs 
 8,592 19,147 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the composition of TDRs was 66 residential and consumer and 34 commercial, compared to 30 residential and consumer and 70 commercial at December 31, 2021. 
 
 TDRs amounted to 8.6 million at December 31, 2022, down by 10.6 million from the end of 2021. The net decline largely reflected pay-downs of 8.0 million on two accruing CRE TDR loans associated with one commercial relationship and the declassification from TDR status of one accruing C I loan with a carrying value of 2.8 million that was declassified in accordance with policy. 
 
 The ACL included specific reserves for TDRs of 115 thousand at December 31, 2022, compared to 148 thousand at December 31, 2021. 

-53- 

Management's Discussion and Analysis 

 Past Due Loans 
 The following table presents past due loans by category: 
 (Dollars in thousands) December 31, 2022 2021 Amount (1) 
 Amount (1) 
 Commercial: Commercial real estate 
 1,187 0.06 Commercial industrial 
 265 0.04 3 Total commercial 
 1,452 0.06 3 Residential Real Estate: Residential real estate 
 8,875 0.38 9,622 0.56 Consumer: Home equity 
 1,235 0.43 765 0.31 Other 
 16 0.10 21 0.12 Total consumer 
 1,251 0.42 786 0.30 Total past due loans 11,578 0.23 10,411 0.24 
 (1) Percentage of past due loans to the total loans outstanding within the respective category. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the composition of past due loans (loans past due 30 days or more) was 87 residential and consumer and 13 commercial, compared to essentially 100 for residential and consumer at December 31, 2021. 
 
 Total past due loans increased by 1.2 million from the end of 2021, largely due to one CRE loan going past due in the fourth quarter. This one loan was brought current in January 2023. 
 
 Total past due loans included 7.2 million of nonaccrual loans as of December 31, 2022, compared to 9.4 million of as of December 31, 2021. 
 
 All loans 90 days or more past due at December 31, 2022 and 2021 were classified as nonaccrual. 
 
 Potential Problem Loans 
 The Corporation classifies certain loans as substandard, doubtful, or loss based on criteria consistent with guidelines provided by banking regulators. Potential problem loans include classified accruing commercial loans that were less than 90 days past due at December 31, 2022 and other loans for which known information about possible credit problems of the related borrowers causes management to have doubts as to the ability of such borrowers to comply with the present loan repayment terms and which may result in disclosure of such loans as nonperforming at some time in the future. 
 
 Potential problem loans are not included in the amounts of nonaccrual or TDRs presented above. They are assessed for loss exposure using the methods described in Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements under the caption Credit Quality Indicators. Management cannot predict the extent to which economic conditions or other factors may impact borrowers and the potential problem loans. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that other loans will not become 90 days or more past due, be placed on nonaccrual, become restructured, or require increased allowance coverage and provision for credit losses on loans. 
 
 Management has identified three loans associated with two C I relationships with carrying values totaling 927 thousand as potential problem loans at December 31, 2022. There were no potential problem loans identified at December 31, 2021. 
 
 Allowance for Credit Losses on Loans 
 The ACL on loans is management s estimate of expected lifetime credit losses on loans carried at amortized cost. The ACL on loans is established through a provision for credit losses recognized in earnings. The ACL on loans is reduced by charge-offs on loans and is increased by recoveries of amounts previously charged off. 

-54- 

Management's Discussion and Analysis 

 The Corporation s general practice is to identify problem credits early and recognize full or partial charge-offs as promptly as practicable when it is determined that the collection of loan principal is unlikely. Full or partial charge-offs on collateral dependent individually analyzed loans are recognized when the collateral is deemed to be insufficient to support the carrying value of the loan. The Corporation does not recognize a recovery when new appraisals indicate a subsequent increase in value. 
 
 Appraisals are generally obtained with values determined on an as is basis from independent appraisal firms for real estate collateral dependent commercial loans in the process of collection or when warranted by other deterioration in the borrower s credit status. New appraisals are generally obtained for TDRs or nonaccrual loans or when management believes it is warranted. The Corporation has continued to maintain appropriate professional standards regarding the professional qualifications of appraisers and has an internal review process to monitor the quality of appraisals. 
 
 For residential real estate loans and real estate collateral dependent consumer loans that are in the process of collection, valuations are obtained from independent appraisal firms with values determined on an as is basis. 
 
 The following table presents additional detail on the Corporation s loan portfolio and associated allowance: 
 (Dollars in thousands) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Loans Related Allowance Allowance / Loans Loans Related Allowance Allowance / Loans Individually analyzed loans 9,996 115 1.15 21,080 682 3.24 Pooled (collectively evaluated) loans 5,100,143 37,912 0.74 4,251,845 38,406 0.90 Total 5,110,139 38,027 0.74 4,272,925 39,088 0.91 
 
 Management employs a process and methodology to estimate the ACL on loans that evaluates both quantitative and qualitative factors. The methodology for evaluating quantitative factors consists of two basic components. The first component involves pooling loans into portfolio segments for loans that share similar risk characteristics. The second component involves individually analyzed loans that do not share similar risk characteristics with loans that are pooled into portfolio segments. 
 
 The ACL for individually analyzed loans is measured using a DCF method based upon the loan s contractual effective interest rate, or at the loan s observable market price, or, if the loan was collateral dependent, at the fair value of the collateral. 
 
 The ACL for pooled loans is measured utilizing a DCF methodology to estimate credit losses for each pooled portfolio segment. The methodology incorporates a probability of default and loss given default framework. Loss given default is estimated based on historical credit loss experience. Probability of default is estimated using a regression model that incorporates econometric factors. Management utilizes forecasted econometric factors with a one-year reasonable and supportable forecast period and one-year straight-line reversion period in order to estimate the probability of default for each loan portfolio segment. The DCF methodology combines the probability of default, the loss given default, prepayment speeds and remaining life of the loan to estimate a reserve for each loan. The sum of all the loan level reserves are aggregated for each portfolio segment and a loss rate factor is derived. Quantitative loss factors for pooled loans are also supplemented by certain qualitative risk factors reflecting management s view of how losses may vary from those represented by quantitative loss rates. 
 
 The ACL on loans amounted to 38.0 million at December 31, 2022, down by 1.1 million, or 3 , from the balance at December 31, 2021. The ACL on loans as a percentage of total loans, also known as the reserve coverage ratio, was 0.74 at December 31, 2022, compared to 0.91 at December 31, 2021. 
 
 A negative provision for credit losses (or a benefit) of 1.3 million was recognized in earnings in 2022, compared to a negative provision for credit losses (or a benefit) of 4.8 million recognized in earnings in 2021. The negative provision recognized in 2022 was reflective of low loss rates and continued strength in asset and credit quality metrics that more than offset negative trends in macroeconomic forecasts and loan growth that was concentrated in residential real estate loans. The negative provision in 2021 reflected an improvement in forecasted economic conditions following higher credit loss provisioning in 2020, which was attributable to the emergence of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 
 -55- 

Management's Discussion and Analysis 

Net recoveries totaled 368 thousand, or 0.01 of average loans, in 2022, compared to net charge-offs of 417 thousand, or 0.01 of average loans, in 2021. 
 
 The ACL on loans is an estimate and ultimate losses may vary from management s estimate. Deteriorating conditions or assumptions could lead to further increases in the ACL on loans; conversely, improving conditions or assumptions could lead to further reductions in the ACL on loans. 
 
 The following table presents the allocation of the ACL on loans by portfolio segment. The total ACL on loans is available to absorb losses from any segment of the loan portfolio. 
 (Dollars in thousands) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Allocated ACL 
 ACL to Loans 
 Loans to Total Portfolio (1) Allocated ACL 
 ACL to Loans 
 Loans to Total Portfolio (1) Commercial: Commercial real estate 18,435 1.01 36 18,933 1.16 38 Commercial industrial 10,356 1.58 13 10,832 1.69 15 Total commercial 28,791 1.16 49 29,765 1.31 53 Residential Real Estate: Residential real estate 7,740 0.33 45 7,860 0.46 40 Consumer: Home equity 1,115 0.39 6 1,069 0.43 6 Other 381 2.42 394 2.23 1 Total consumer 1,496 0.50 6 1,463 0.55 7 Total ACL on loans at end of period 
 38,027 0.74 100 39,088 0.91 100 
 (1) Percentage of loans outstanding in respective category to total loans outstanding. 

-56- 

Management's Discussion and Analysis 

 The following table reflects the activity in the ACL on loans during the years presented: 
 (Dollars in thousands) December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Balance at beginning of period 39,088 44,106 27,014 Adoption of ASC 326 
 6,501 Charge-offs: Commercial: Commercial real estate 
 356 Commercial industrial 
 36 307 586 Total commercial 
 36 307 942 Residential real estate: Residential real estate 
 107 99 Consumer: Home equity 
 183 224 Other 
 148 66 52 Total consumer 
 148 249 276 Total charge-offs 184 663 1,317 Recoveries: Commercial: Commercial real estate 
 445 51 Commercial industrial 
 29 41 24 Total commercial 
 474 41 75 Residential real estate: Residential real estate 
 21 89 20 Consumer: Home equity 
 12 91 52 Other 
 45 25 25 Total consumer 
 57 116 77 Total recoveries 552 246 172 Net (recoveries) charge-offs (368) 417 1,145 Provision charged to earnings (1,429) (4,601) 11,736 Balance at end of period 38,027 39,088 44,106 Net (recoveries) charge-offs to average loans (0.01 0.01 0.03 

Sources of Funds 
 Our sources of funds include in-market deposits, wholesale brokered deposits, FHLB advances, other borrowings and proceeds from the sales, maturities and payments of loans and investment securities. The Corporation uses funds to originate and purchase loans, purchase investment securities, conduct operations, expand the branch network and pay dividends to shareholders. 
 
 Deposits 
 The Corporation offers a wide variety of deposit products to consumer and business customers. Deposits provide an important source of funding for the Bank, as well as an ongoing stream of fee revenue. 
 
 The Bank is a participant in the DDM program, ICS program and the CDARS program. The Bank uses these deposit sweep services to place customer and client funds into interest-bearing demand accounts, money market accounts, and/or time deposits issued by other participating banks. Customer and client funds are placed at one or more participating banks to ensure that each deposit customer is eligible for the full amount of FDIC insurance. As a program participant, we receive 
 
 -57- 

Management's Discussion and Analysis 

 reciprocal amounts of deposits from other participating banks. We consider these reciprocal deposit balances to be in-market deposits as distinguished from traditional wholesale brokered deposits. 
 
 The following table presents a summary of deposits: 
 (Dollars in thousands) Change December 31, 2022 2021 Noninterest-bearing demand deposits 858,953 945,229 86,276) (9 Interest-bearing demand deposits (in-market) 302,044 251,032 51,012 20 NOW accounts 871,875 867,138 4,737 1 Money market accounts 1,255,805 1,072,864 182,941 17 Savings accounts 576,250 555,177 21,073 4 Time deposits (in-market) 795,838 773,383 22,455 3 Total in-market deposits 4,660,765 4,464,823 195,942 4 Wholesale brokered demand deposits 31,153 31,153 100 Wholesale brokered time deposits 327,044 515,228 (188,184) (37) Total wholesale brokered deposits 358,197 515,228 (157,031) (30) Total deposits 5,018,962 4,980,051 38,911 1 
 
 Total deposits amounted to 5.0 billion at December 31, 2022, up by 38.9 million, or 1 , in 2022. The Bank estimates, in accordance with regulatory reporting requirements, that its uninsured deposits amounted to 1.5 billion at December 31, 2022. 
 
 In-market deposits were up by 195.9 million, or 4 , from the balance at December 31, 2021, with growth concentrated in money market accounts, while wholesale brokered deposits were down by 157.0 million, or 30 from December 31, 2022. 
 
 The following table presents the amount of time certificates of deposit in denominations of 250 thousand or more at December 31, 2022, maturing during the periods indicated: 
 (Dollars in thousands) Three months or less 59,368 Over three months to six months 27,268 Over six months to 12 months 53,186 Over 12 months 61,105 Total time deposits 200,927 
 
 Borrowings 
 Borrowings primarily consist of FHLB advances, which are used as a source of funding for liquidity and interest rate risk management purposes. 
 
 FHLB advances totaled 980.0 million at December 31, 2022, up by 835.0 million from the balance at the end of 2021, as higher levels of wholesale funding were utilized to fund balance sheet growth. 
 
 For additional information regarding FHLB advances see Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Liquidity Management 
 Liquidity is the ability of a financial institution to meet maturing liability obligations and customer loan demand. The Corporation s primary source of liquidity is in-market deposits, which funded approximately 76 of total average assets in 2022. While the generally preferred funding strategy is to attract and retain low-cost deposits, the ability to do so is affected 
 
 -58- 

Management's Discussion and Analysis 

 by competitive interest rates and terms in the marketplace. Other sources of funding include discretionary use of purchased liabilities (e.g., FHLB term advances and brokered deposits), cash flows from the investment securities portfolios and loan repayments. Securities designated as available for sale may also be sold in response to short-term or long-term liquidity needs, although management has no intention to do so at this time. 
 
 The Corporation has a detailed liquidity funding policy and a contingency funding plan that provide for the prompt and comprehensive response to unexpected demands for liquidity. Management employs stress testing methodology to estimate needs for contingent funding that could result from unexpected outflows of funds in excess of business as usual cash flows. In management s estimation, risks are concentrated in two major categories: (1) runoff of in-market deposit balances; and (2) unexpected drawdown of loan commitments. Of the two categories, potential runoff of deposit balances would have the most significant impact on contingent liquidity. Our stress test scenarios, therefore, emphasize attempts to quantify deposits at risk over selected time horizons. In addition to these unexpected outflow risks, several other business as usual factors enter into the calculation of the adequacy of contingent liquidity including: (1) payment proceeds from loans and investment securities; (2) maturing debt obligations; and (3) maturing time deposits. The Corporation has established collateralized borrowing capacity with the FRBB and also maintains additional collateralized borrowing capacity with the FHLB in excess of levels used in the ordinary course of business. Borrowing capacity is impacted by the amount and type of assets available to be pledged. 
 
 The table below presents unused funding capacity by source as of the dates indicated: 
 (Dollars in thousands) December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Additional Funding Capacity: Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston (1) 
 668,295 1,642,377 969,735 Federal Reserve Bank of Boston (2) 
 27,059 16,919 20,678 Unencumbered investment securities 691,893 702,963 594,998 Total 1,387,247 2,362,259 1,585,411 
 (1) As of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, loans with a carrying value of 2.4 billion, 2.2 billion and 2.1 billion, respectively, and securities available for sale with a carrying value of 102.1 million, 163.2 million and 128.6 million, respectively, were pledged to the FHLB resulting in this additional borrowing capacity. 
 (2) As of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, loans with a carrying value of 20.9 million, 8.2 million and 12.6 million, respectively. and securities available for sale with a carrying value of 12.7 million, 13.5 million and 14.9 million, respectively, were pledged to the FRBB resulting in this additional unused borrowing capacity. 
 
 In addition to the amounts presented above, the Bank also had access to a 40.0 million unused line of credit with the FHLB. 
 
 Additional funding capacity available from the FHLB declined by 974.1 million from December 31, 2021 primarily as new advances were utilized to fund asset growth, mainly loans, during the year. In addition, 215.0 million of availability was utilized in the year to collateralize an institutional deposit through a standby letter of credit with the FHLB. 
 
 The ALCO establishes and monitors internal liquidity measures to manage liquidity exposure. Liquidity remained within target ranges established by the ALCO during 2022. Based on its assessment of the liquidity considerations described above, management believes the Corporation s sources of funding meet anticipated funding needs. 
 
 Contractual Obligations, Commitments and Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 In the ordinary course of business, the Corporation enters into contractual obligations that require future cash payments. These include payments related to lease obligations, time deposits with stated maturity dates, and borrowings. For additional information on these arrangements and the expected timing of applicable payments as of December 31, 2022 , see the following notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements: Note 7 for leases, Note 12 for time deposits and Note 13 for borrowings. 
 
 Also, in the ordinary course of business, the Corporation engages in a variety of financial transactions that, in accordance with GAAP, are not recorded in the financial statements, or are recorded in amounts that differ from the notional amounts. These financial transactions include commitments to extend credit, standby letters of credit, forward loan commitments, loan related derivative contracts and interest rate risk management contracts. These transactions involve, to 
 
 -59- 

Management's Discussion and Analysis 

 varying degrees, elements of credit, interest rate and liquidity risk. The Corporation s credit policies with respect to interest rate contracts with commercial borrowers, commitments to extend credit, and standby letters of credit are similar to those used for loans. Some commitments to extend credit and standby letters of credit are expected to expire without being drawn upon, and thus, total amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements. Interest rate risk management contracts with other counterparties are generally subject to bilateral collateralization terms. These contracts with various counterparties may subject the Corporation to various cash flow requirements, which may include posting of cash as collateral for arrangements that are in a liability position. For additional information on derivative financial instruments and financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk see Notes 9 and 21 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Capital Resources 
 Total shareholders equity amounted to 453.7 million at December 31, 2022, down by 111.1 million from December 31, 2021. The decline reflected a decrease of 137.8 million in the AOCL component of shareholders' equity, due to decreases in the fair value of available for sale debt securities and cash flow hedges primarily attributable to relative changes in market interest rates. The decrease in AOCL was partially offset by an increase of 3.8 million associated with the annual remeasurement of pension plan liabilities. This increase from the annual remeasurement was largely due to an increase in the discount rates used to measure the present value of pension plan liabilities, resulting from higher market interest rates. The decline in total shareholders equity also included 37.9 million in dividend declarations and a net increase in treasury stock balances of 7.6 million. These decreases were partially offset by net income of 71.7 million. 
 
 The Corporation declared dividends of 2.18 per share in 2022, representing an increase of 8 cent per share, or 4 , over last year. The dividend payout ratio (dividends declared per share to diluted earnings per share) was 53.0 in 2022, compared to 47.8 in 2021. 
 
 The ratio of total equity to total assets amounted to 6.81 at December 31, 2022, compared to a ratio of 9.65 at December 31, 2021. Book value per share was 26.40 at December 31, 2022, compared to 32.59 at December 31, 2021. 
 
 The Bancorp and the Bank are subject to various regulatory capital requirements and are considered well capitalized, with a total risk-based capital ratio of 12.37 at December 31, 2022, compared to 14.01 at December 31, 2021. 
 
 See Note 14 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional discussion regarding shareholders equity, including the stock repurchase program and regulatory capital requirements. 

Asset/Liability Management and Interest Rate Risk 
 Interest rate risk is the risk of loss to future earnings due to changes in interest rates. The ALCO is responsible for establishing policy guidelines on liquidity and acceptable exposure to interest rate risk. Periodically, the ALCO reports on the status of liquidity and interest rate risk matters to the Bank s Board of Directors. The objective of the ALCO is to manage assets and funding sources to produce results that are consistent with the Corporation s liquidity, capital adequacy, growth, risk and profitability goals. 
 
 The Corporation utilizes the size and duration of the investment securities portfolio, the size and duration of the wholesale funding portfolio, off-balance sheet interest rate contracts and the pricing and structure of loans and deposits, to manage interest rate risk. The off-balance sheet interest rate contracts may include interest rate swaps, caps and floors. These interest rate contracts involve, to varying degrees, credit risk and interest rate risk. Credit risk is the possibility that a loss may occur if a counterparty to a transaction fails to perform according to terms of the contract. The notional amount of the interest rate contracts is the amount upon which interest and other payments are based. The notional amount is not exchanged, and therefore, should not be taken as a measure of credit risk. See Notes 9 and 21 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 
 The ALCO uses income simulation to measure interest rate risk inherent in the Corporation s on-balance sheet and off-balance sheet financial instruments at a given point in time by showing the effect of interest rate shifts on net interest income over a 12-month horizon, a 13- to 24-month horizon and a 60-month horizon. The simulations assume that the size and general composition of the Corporation s balance sheet remain static over the simulation horizons, with the exception of certain deposit mix shifts from low-cost savings to higher-cost time deposits in selected interest rate scenarios. Additionally, the simulations take into account the specific repricing, maturity, call options, and prepayment characteristics of differing financial instruments that may vary under different interest rate scenarios. The characteristics of financial instrument classes are reviewed periodically by the ALCO to ensure their accuracy and consistency. 
 
 -60- 

Management's Discussion and Analysis 

The ALCO reviews simulation results to determine whether the Corporation s exposure to a decline in net interest income remains within established tolerance levels over the simulation horizons and to develop appropriate strategies to manage this exposure. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, net interest income simulations indicated that exposure to changing interest rates over the simulation horizons remained within tolerance levels established by the Corporation. All changes are measured in comparison to the projected net interest income that would result from an unchanged rate scenario where both interest rates and the composition of the Corporation s balance sheet remain stable for a 60-month period. In addition to measuring the change in net interest income as compared to an unchanged rate scenario, the ALCO also measures the trend of both net interest income and NIM over a 60-month horizon to ensure the stability and adequacy of this source of earnings in different interest rate scenarios. 
 
 The ALCO regularly reviews a wide variety of interest rate shift scenario results to evaluate interest rate risk exposure, including scenarios showing the effect of steepening or flattening changes in the yield curve of up to 500 basis points, as well as parallel changes in interest rates of up to 400 basis points. Because income simulations assume that the Corporation s balance sheet will remain static over the simulation horizon, the results do not reflect adjustments in strategy that the ALCO could implement in response to rate shifts. 
 
 The following table sets forth the estimated change in net interest income from an unchanged rate scenario over the periods indicated for parallel changes in market interest rates using the Corporation s on- and off-balance sheet financial instruments as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Interest rates are assumed to shift by a parallel 100, 200 or 300 basis points upward or 100 basis points downward over a 12-month period, except for savings deposits, which are assumed to shift by lesser amounts due to their relative historical insensitivity to market interest rate movements. Further, deposits are assumed to have certain minimum rate levels below which they will not fall. It should be noted that the rate scenarios shown do not necessarily reflect the ALCO s view of the most likely change in interest rates over the periods indicated. 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Months 1-12 Months 13-24 Months 1-12 Months 13-24 100 basis point rate decrease (1.09) 1.55 (1.32) (5.42) 100 basis point rate increase (0.78) (5.45) 3.34 3.91 200 basis point rate increase 0.35 (7.65) 6.87 8.18 300 basis point rate increase 1.42 (10.07) 10.32 11.72 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the ALCO estimates that the negative exposure of net interest income to falling rates as compared to an unchanged rate scenario in Year 1 results from a more rapid decline in earning asset yields compared to rates paid on deposits. If market interest rates were to fall and remain lower for a sustained period, certain savings and time deposit rates could decline more slowly and by a lesser amount than other market interest rates. For simulation purposes, deposit rate changes are anticipated to lag behind other market interest rates in both timing and magnitude. Asset yields would likely decline more rapidly than deposit costs as current asset holdings mature or reprice, since cash flow from mortgage-related prepayments and redemption of callable securities would increase as market interest rates fall. The ALCO estimates that the positive exposure of net interest income to falling rates in Year 2 as compared to an unchanged rate scenario results from a more rapid projected relative rate of decline in funding costs than asset yields. 
 
 The relative decline in interest rate sensitivity to rising rates from December 31, 2021, as shown in the above table, was largely attributable to a higher level of longer-term fixed rate assets, as well as an increase in the proportion of wholesale funds to total sources of funds at December 31, 2022. Fixed rate assets would not reprice upward in a rising rate environment. Wholesale funds would reprice more quickly and by a greater amount than the repricing of in-market deposits in response to changes in market interest rates. As market rates increase, ALCO modeling assumes that deposits will shift from low cost to higher cost deposits. This assumption reflects historical operating conditions in rising rate cycles. Although asset yields would increase in a rising interest rate environment, the cumulative impact of relative growth in rate-sensitive higher cost deposit categories and wholesale funds suggests that the increase in the Corporation s cost of funds could result in a relative decline in net interest income compared to an unchanged rate scenario. 
 
 While the ALCO reviews and updates simulation assumptions and also periodically back-tests the simulation results to ensure that the assumptions are reasonable and current, income simulation may not always prove to be an accurate indicator of interest rate risk or future NIM. Over time, the repricing, maturity and prepayment characteristics of financial instruments 
 
 -61- 

Management's Discussion and Analysis 

 and the composition of the Corporation s balance sheet may change to a different degree than estimated. Simulation modeling assumes a static balance sheet, with the exception of certain modeled deposit mix shifts from low-cost savings deposits to higher-cost time deposits in rising rate scenarios as noted above. 
 
 As part of its policy response to the COVID-19 pandemic in 2020, the Federal Reserve reduced its target range for the Fed Funds rate to 0-0.25 . This, and various Federal stimulus programs, had the effect of attracting low-cost deposits across the banking industry. During 2022, the Federal Reserve reversed policy and increased the target range to 4.25-4.50 as of December 31, 2022. This policy change has resulted in higher rates on existing deposit products. It could also cause low-cost balances to shift into higher yielding alternatives in the future, particularly if interest rates continue rise, and as such the ALCO has modeled deposit shifts out of these low-cost categories into higher-cost alternatives in the rising rate simulation scenarios presented above. Deposit balances may also be subject to possible outflow to non-bank alternatives in a rising rate environment, which may cause interest rate sensitivity to differ from the results as presented. Another significant simulation assumption is the sensitivity of savings deposits to fluctuations in interest rates. Income simulation results assume that changes in both savings deposit rates and balances are related to changes in short-term interest rates. The relationship between short-term interest rate changes and deposit rate and balance changes may differ from the ALCOs estimates used in income simulation. 
 
 It should also be noted that the static balance sheet assumption does not necessarily reflect the Corporation s expectation for future balance sheet growth, which is a function of the business environment and customer behavior. 
 
 Mortgage-backed securities and residential real estate loans involve a level of risk that unforeseen changes in prepayment speeds may cause related cash flows to vary significantly in differing rate environments. Such changes could affect the level of reinvestment risk associated with cash flow from these instruments, as well as their market value. Changes in prepayment speeds could also increase or decrease the amortization of premium or accretion of discounts related to such instruments, thereby affecting interest income. 
 
 The Corporation also monitors the potential change in market value of its available for sale debt securities in changing interest rate environments. The purpose is to determine market value exposure that may not be captured by income simulation, but which might result in changes to the Corporation s capital position. Results are calculated using industry-standard analytical techniques and securities data. 
 
 The following table summarizes the potential change in market value of the Corporation s available for sale debt securities of December 31, 2022 and 2021 resulting from immediate parallel rate shifts: 
 (Dollars in thousands) Security Type Down 100 Basis Points Up 200 Basis Points Obligations of U.S. government-sponsored enterprise securities (callable) 8,532 19,395) Mortgage-backed securities issued by U.S. government agencies and U.S. government-sponsored enterprises 
 55,204 (105,720) Trust preferred debt and other corporate debt securities (24) 36 Total change in market value as of December 31, 2022 63,712 125,079) Total change in market value as of December 31, 2021 10,166 119,505) 
 
 Impact of Inflation on Changing Prices 
 The Corporation s consolidated financial statements and related notes have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, which requires the measurement of financial position and operating results in terms of historical U.S. dollars without considering changes in the relative purchasing power of money over time due to inflation. 
 
 A substantial portion of the Corporation s assets and liabilities are monetary in nature and as a result interest rates have a more significant impact on the overall performance of the Corporation than the general levels of inflation. Interest rates do not necessarily move in the same direction or in the same magnitude as inflation. The Federal Reserve s policy response to counter high levels of inflation has been to increase its Fed Funds target rate, which in turn resulted in higher market interest rates across the economy. While variable-rate assets would reprice upward if interest rates were to continue to rise, interest-bearing liabilities would also reprice upward. Additionally, lower-cost in-market deposits could shift into higher-cost deposit 
 
 -62- 

Management's Discussion and Analysis 

 categories in a rising rate environment, which could put pressure on both net interest income and the net interest margin. For additional discussion on interest due to changes in interest rates, see the caption Asset/Liability Management and Interest Rate Risk above. 
 
 Furthermore, a prolonged period of inflation could cause wages and other costs to increase. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 Estimates and assumptions are necessary in the application of certain accounting policies and procedures and can be susceptible to significant change. Critical accounting policies are defined as those that involve a significant level of estimation uncertainty and have had or are reasonably likely to have a material impact on the Corporation s financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 Management considers its accounting policy relating to the ACL on loans to be a critical accounting policy. 
 
 Allowance for Credit Losses on Loans 
 The ACL on loans is management s estimate of expected lifetime credit losses on loans carried at amortized cost. The ACL on loans is established through a provision for credit losses recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Income. Additionally, the ACL on loans is reduced by charge-offs on loans and increased by recoveries of amounts previously charged-off. At December 31, 2022 the ACL on loans totaled 38.0 million, compared to 39.1 million at December 31, 2021. A significant portion of our ACL is allocated to the commercial portfolio (both CRE and C I). As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the ACL allocated to the total commercial portfolio was 28.8 million and 29.8 million, respectively. 
 
 Management employs a process and methodology to estimate the ACL on loans that evaluates both quantitative and qualitative factors. The methodology for evaluating quantitative factors consists of two basic components; pooling loans into portfolio segments for loans that share similar risk characteristics and identifying individually analyzed loans that do not share similar risk characteristics with loans that are pooled into portfolio segments. 
 
 For pooled loan portfolio segments, the Corporation utilizes a DCF methodology to estimate credit losses over the expected life of the loan. The methodology incorporates a probability of default and loss given default framework. Loss given default is estimated based on historical credit loss experience. Probability of default is estimated utilizing a regression model that incorporates econometric factors. The model utilizes forecasted econometric factors with a one-year reasonable and supportable forecast period and one-year straight-line reversion period in order to estimate the probability of default for each loan portfolio segment. The DCF methodology combines the probability of default, the loss given default, prepayment speeds and the remaining life of the loan to estimate a reserve for each loan. 
 
 The ACL for individually analyzed loans is measured using a DCF method based upon the loan s contractual effective interest rate, or at the loan s observable market price, or, if the loan was collateral dependent, at the fair value of the collateral. 
 
 Quantitative loss factors are also supplemented by certain qualitative risk factors reflecting management s view of how losses may vary from those represented by quantitative loss rates. Qualitative loss factors are applied to each portfolio segment with the amounts determined by historical loan charge-offs of a peer group of similar-sized regional banks. 
 
 Because the methodology is based upon historical experience and trends, current economic data, reasonable and supportable forecasts, as well as management s judgment, factors may arise that result in different estimations. Deteriorating conditions or assumptions could lead to further increases in the ACL on loans; conversely, improving conditions or assumptions could lead to further reductions in the ACL on loans. 
 
 In estimating the ACL on loans, management considers the sensitivity of the model and significant judgments and assumptions that could result in an amount that is materially different from management s estimate. Given the concentration of ACL allocation to the total commercial portfolio and the significant judgments made by management in deriving the qualitative loss factors, management analyzed the impact that changes in judgments could have. The range of impact was an ACL allocated to the total commercial loan portfolio between 18.4 million and 51.7 million at December 31, 2022. The sensitivity and related range of impact is a hypothetical analysis and is not intended to represent management s judgments or assumptions of qualitative loss factors that were utilized at December 31, 2022 in estimation of the ACL on loans recognized on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 
 -63- 

Management's Discussion and Analysis 

If the assumptions underlying the determination of the ACL prove to be incorrect, the ACL may not be sufficient to cover actual loan losses and an increase to the ACL may be necessary to allow for different assumptions or adverse developments. In addition, a problem with one or more loans could require a significant increase to the ACL. 

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 
 See Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for details of recently issued accounting pronouncements and their expected impact on the Corporation s financial statements. 

ITEM 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 Information regarding quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk appears under Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, under the caption Asset/Liability Management and Interest Rate Risk. 

-64- 

ITEM 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 
 Description Page Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 66 
 Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 67 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 70 
 Consolidated Statements of Income f or the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 71 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 72 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity f or the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 73 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows f or the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 74 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements: 
 76 
 Note 1 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 76 
 Note 2 - Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 
 86 
 Note 3 - Securities 
 87 
 Note 4 - Loans 
 90 
 Note 5 - Allowance for Credit Losses on Loans 
 99 
 Note 6 - Premises and Equipment 
 100 
 Note 7 - Leases 
 100 
 Note 8 - Goodwill and Intangible Assets 
 101 
 Note 9 - Derivative Financial Instruments 
 102 
 Note 10 - Fair Value Measurements 
 104 
 Note 11 - Income Taxes 
 108 
 Note 1 2 - Deposits 
 110 
 Note 1 3 - Borrowings 
 110 
 Note 1 4 - Shareholders Equity 
 112 
 Note 15 - Revenue from Contracts with Customers 
 114 
 Note 16 - Employee Benefits 
 115 
 Note 17 - Share-Based Compensation Arrangements 
 119 
 Note 18 - Business Segments 
 122 
 Note 19 - Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 124 
 Note 20 - Earnings Per Common Share 
 126 
 Note 21 - Commitments and Contingencies 
 127 
 Note 22 - Parent Company Financial Statements 
 129 

-65- 

Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

The management of the Corporation is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. The Corporation s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision of the Corporation s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the Corporation s Consolidated Financial Statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect all misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, management assessed the effectiveness of the Corporation s internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. Based on this assessment, management concluded that the Corporation s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 was effective. 
 
 The Corporation s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by Crowe LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report, which follows. This report expresses an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Corporation s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 

/s/ Edward O. Handy III /s/ Ronald S. Ohsberg Edward O. Handy III 
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
 Ronald S. Ohsberg 
 Senior Executive Vice President, 
 Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
 February 23, 2023 
 
 -66- 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Shareholders and the Board of Directors 
 Washington Trust Bancorp, Inc. 
 Westerly, Rhode Island 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited Washington Trust Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiaries (the Corporation internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework: (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). In our opinion, the Corporation maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework: (2013) issued by COSO. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the consolidated balance sheets of the Corporation as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income (loss), changes in shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements and our report dated February 23, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Corporation s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Corporation s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Corporation in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A corporation s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A corporation s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the corporation; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the corporation are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the corporation; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the corporation s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate . 
 
 /s/ 

February 23, 2023 
 
 -67- 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Shareholders and the Board of Directors 
 Washington Trust Bancorp, Inc. 
 Westerly, Rhode Island 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Washington Trust Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiaries (the Corporation as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income (loss), changes in shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Corporation as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the Corporation s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework: (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO and our report dated February 23, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Corporation s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Corporation s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Corporation in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the Audit Committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Allowance for Credit Losses Qualitative Factors on Total Commercial Loans 
 As described in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Corporation accounts for credit losses under ASC 326, Financial Instruments Credit Losses. ASC 326 requires the measurement of expected lifetime credit losses for financial assets measured at amortized cost at the reporting date. As of December 31, 2022, the balance of the allowance for credit losses on loans ACL was 38.0 million. 
 
 Management employs a process and methodology to estimate the ACL that evaluates both quantitative and qualitative factors. The methodology for evaluating quantitative factors involves pooling loans into portfolio segments for loans that share similar risk characteristics. Pooled loan portfolio segments include commercial real estate, commercial and industrial, residential real estate, home equity and other consumer loans. 
 For pooled loans, the Corporation utilizes a discounted cash flow DCF methodology to estimate credit losses over the expected life of the loan. The DCF methodology combines the probability of default, the loss given default, remaining life of the loan and prepayment speed assumptions to estimate a reserve for each loan. The loss rates are adjusted by current and forecasted econometric assumptions and return to the mean after the forecasted periods. These quantitative loss factors are 
 
 -68- 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

 also supplemented by certain qualitative risk factors reflecting management s view of how losses may vary from those represented by quantitative loss rates. Qualitative loss factors are applied to each portfolio segment with the amounts determined by historical loan charge-offs of a peer group of similar-sized regional banks. Changes in these assumptions could have a material effect on the Corporation s financial conditions or results of operations. 
 
 We identified auditing the qualitative component of the ACL on pooled loans in the commercial real estate and commercial and industrial portfolios (total commercial loans) as a critical audit matter because the methodology to determine the estimate of credit losses uses subjective judgments by management and is subject to material variability. Performing audit procedures to evaluate the qualitative factors on the commercial loans involved a high degree of auditor judgment and required significant effort, including the need to involve more experienced audit personnel. 
 
 The primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included: 
 Testing the effectiveness of controls over the evaluation of the ACL on pooled loans, including controls addressing: 
 Methodology and accounting policies. 
 Data inputs, judgments and calculations used to determine the qualitative loss factors. 
 Information technology general controls and application controls. 
 Management s review of the qualitative factors. 
 Substantively testing management s process, including evaluating their judgments and assumptions, for developing the ACL on commercial loans collectively evaluated for impairment, which included: 
 Evaluation of the appropriateness of the Corporation s accounting policies and assumptions involved in the application of ASC 326. 
 Testing the mathematical accuracy of the calculation. 
 Testing the completeness and accuracy of data used in the calculation. 
 Evaluation of the reasonableness of management s judgments related to qualitative factors to determine if they are calculated to conform with management s policies and were consistently applied period over period. Our evaluation considered the weight of evidence from internal and external sources and loan portfolio composition and performance. 
 
 /s/ Crowe LLP 
 
 We have served as the Corporation s auditor since 2019. 
 
 Grand Rapids, Michigan 
 February 23, 2023 
 
 -69- 

Washington Trust Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (Dollars in thousands, except par value) 

December 31, 2022 2021 Assets: Cash and due from banks Short-term investments Mortgage loans held for sale, at fair value Available for sale debt securities, at fair value (amortized cost ; net of allowance for credit losses on securities of at December 31, 2022; and amortized cost of ; net of allowance for credit losses on securities of at December 31, 2021) 
 Federal Home Loan Bank stock, at cost Loans: Total loans Less: allowance for credit losses on loans Net loans Premises and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Investment in bank-owned life insurance Goodwill Identifiable intangible assets, net Other assets Total assets Liabilities: Deposits: Noninterest-bearing deposits Interest-bearing deposits Total deposits Federal Home Loan Bank advances Junior subordinated debentures Operating lease liabilities Other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 21) Shareholders Equity: Common stock of par value; authorized shares; shares issued and shares outstanding at December 31, 2022 and shares issued and shares outstanding at December 31, 2021 
 Paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Treasury stock, at cost; shares at December 31, 2022 and shares at December 31, 2021 
 ) ) Total shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholders equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 -70- 

Washington Trust Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Income 
 (Dollars and shares in thousands, except per share amounts) 

Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Interest income: Interest and fees on loans Interest on mortgage loans held for sale Taxable interest on debt securities Dividends on Federal Home Loan Bank stock Other interest income Total interest and dividend income Interest expense: Deposits Federal Home Loan Bank advances Junior subordinated debentures Other interest expense Total interest expense Net interest income Provision for credit losses ) ) Net interest income after provision for credit losses Noninterest income: Wealth management revenues Mortgage banking revenues Card interchange fees Service charges on deposit accounts Loan related derivative income Income from bank-owned life insurance Other income Total noninterest income Noninterest expense: Salaries and employee benefits Outsourced services Net occupancy Equipment Legal, audit and professional fees FDIC deposit insurance costs 
 Advertising and promotion Amortization of intangibles Debt prepayment penalties Other expenses Total noninterest expense Income before income taxes Income tax expense Net income Net income available to common shareholders Weighted average common shares outstanding - basic Weighted average common shares outstanding - diluted Per share information: Basic earnings per common share Diluted earnings per common share 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 -71- 

Washington Trust Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) (Dollars in thousands) 

 Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net income Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax: Net change in fair value of available for sale debt securities ) ) Net change in fair value of cash flow hedges ) ) ) Net change in defined benefit plan obligations ) Total other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax ) ) Total comprehensive (loss) income 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 -72- 

Washington Trust Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders' Equity 
 (Dollars and shares in thousands) 

Common Shares Outstanding Common Stock Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income Treasury Stock Total Balance at December 31, 2019 Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle - ASC 326 
 ) ) Net income Total other comprehensive income, net of tax Cash dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Share-based compensation Exercise of stock options, issuance of other compensation-related equity awards, net of awards surrendered ) ) Treasury stock purchased under the 2019 Repurchase Program 
 ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2020 Net income Total other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Cash dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Share-based compensation Exercise of stock options, issuance of other compensation-related equity awards, net of awards surrendered ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 Net income Total other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Cash dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Share-based compensation Exercise of stock options, issuance of other compensation-related equity awards, net of awards surrendered ) ) Treasury stock purchased under the 2021 Stock Repurchase Program ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 -73- 

Washington Trust Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (Dollars in thousands) 

 Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Provision for credit losses ) ) Depreciation of premises and equipment Net amortization of premiums and discounts on securities and loans Amortization of intangibles Share based compensation Tax benefit (expense) from stock option exercises and other equity awards 
 ) Deferred income tax expense (benefit) ) Income from bank-owned life insurance ) ) ) Net gains on loan sales, including changes in fair value ) ) ) Proceeds from sales of loans, net Loans originated for sale ) ) ) (Increase) decrease in operating lease right-of-use assets 
 ) ) Increase (decrease) in operating lease liabilities 
 ) (Increase) decrease in other assets ) ) Increase (decrease) in other liabilities ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Purchases of: Available for sale debt securities: Mortgage-backed ) ) ) Available for sale debt securities: Other ) ) ) Maturities, calls and principal payments of: Available for sale debt securities: Mortgage-backed Available for sale debt securities: Other Net (purchases) redemptions of Federal Home Loan Bank stock ) Purchases of other equity investments, net ) ) Net increase in loans ) ) ) Purchases of loans ) ) ) Proceeds from the sale of property acquired through foreclosure or repossession Purchases of premises and equipment ) ) ) Purchases of bank-owned life insurance ) ) Proceeds from surrender of bank-owned life insurance Proceeds from sale of equity investments in real estate limited partnerships Equity investments in real estate limited partnerships ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 -74- 

Washington Trust Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (continued) (Dollars in thousands) 

 Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from financing activities: Net increase in deposits Proceeds from Federal Home Loan Bank advances Repayment of Federal Home Loan Bank advances ) ) ) Proceeds from Payment Protection Program Lending Facility Repayment of Payment Protection Program Lending Facility ) Treasury stock purchased ) ) Net proceeds from stock option exercises and issuance of other equity awards, net of awards surrendered ) ) ) Cash dividends paid ) ) ) Net cash provided by financing activities Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents at end of year Noncash Activities: Loans charged-off Loans transferred to property acquired through foreclosure or repossession Commitment for equity investments in real estate limited partnerships Supplemental Disclosures: Interest payments Income tax payments 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 -75- 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note 1 - 

In preparing the financial statements, management is required to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities as of the date of the balance sheet and revenues and expenses for the period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Management considers the ACL on loans to be a material estimate that is particularly susceptible to change. 
 
 million and million, respectively, at December 31, 2022 and 2021. Cash collateral pledged to derivative counterparties represents restricted cash balances. See Note 9 for additional disclosure regarding cash collateral pledged to derivative counterparties. 
 
 Short-term Investments 
 Short-term investments consist of highly liquid investments with a maturity date of three months or less when purchased and are considered to be cash equivalents. The Corporation s short-term investments may be composed of overnight federal funds sold, securities purchased under resale agreements, money market mutual funds and U.S. Treasury bills. 

-76- 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

-77- 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 following termination of FHLB membership, subject to limitations which may be imposed by the FHLB or its regulator, the Federal Housing Finance Board, to maintain capital adequacy of the FHLB. While the Bank currently has no intentions to terminate its FHLB membership, the ability to redeem its investment in FHLB stock would be subject to the conditions imposed by the FHLB. The Bank monitors its investment to determine if impairment exists. Based on the capital adequacy and the liquidity position of the FHLB, management believes there is no impairment related to the carrying amount of FHLB stock included in the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Mortgage Banking Activities 

-78- 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

-79- 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

-80- 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

to years. For furniture, fixtures and equipment, the estimated useful lives range from to years. Repairs and maintenance costs are charged to noninterest expense as incurred. 

-81- 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

-82- 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

-83- 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

-84- 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

-85- 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

Note 2 - 
 
 -86- 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

Note 3 - 
 Mortgage-backed securities issued by U.S. government agencies and U.S. government-sponsored enterprises 
 ) Individual name issuer trust preferred debt securities 
 ) Corporate bonds 
 ) Total available for sale debt securities 
 
 (Dollars in thousands) December 31, 2021 Amortized Cost Unrealized Gains Unrealized Losses ACL 
 Fair Value Available for Sale Debt Securities: Obligations of U.S. government-sponsored enterprises 
 Mortgage-backed securities issued by U.S. government agencies and U.S. government-sponsored enterprises 
 ) Individual name issuer trust preferred debt securities 
 ) Corporate bonds 
 ) Total available for sale debt securities 
 
 Accrued interest receivable on available for sale debt securities totaled million and million, respectively, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, securities with a fair value of million and million, respectively, were pledged as collateral for FHLB borrowings, potential borrowings with the FRBB, certain public deposits and for other purposes. See Note 13 for additional discussion of FHLB borrowings. 

-87- 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 Due after one year to five years 
 Due after five years to ten years 
 Due after ten years 
 Total securities 

Included in the above table are debt securities with an amortized cost balance of million and a fair value of million at December 31, 2022 that are callable at the discretion of the issuers. Final maturities of the callable securities range from years to years, with call features ranging from month to months. 
 
 Assessment of Available for Sale Debt Securities for Impairment 
 Management assesses the decline in fair value of investment securities on a regular basis. Unrealized losses on debt securities may occur from current market conditions, increases in interest rates since the time of purchase, a structural change in an investment, volatility of earnings of a specific issuer, or deterioration in credit quality of the issuer. Management evaluates both qualitative and quantitative factors to assess whether an impairment exists. 
 
 Mortgage-backed securities issued by U.S. government agencies and U.S. government-sponsored enterprises 
 ) ) ) Individual name issuer trust preferred debt securities 
 ) ) Corporate bonds ) ) Total temporarily impaired securities 

(Dollars in thousands) Less than 12 Months 12 Months or Longer Total December 31, 2021 # Fair Value Unrealized Losses # Fair Value Unrealized Losses # Fair Value Unrealized Losses Obligations of U.S. government-sponsored enterprises 
 Mortgage-backed securities issued by U.S. government agencies and U.S. government-sponsored enterprises 
 ) ) ) Individual name issuer trust preferred debt securities 
 ) ) Corporate bonds ) ) Total temporarily impaired securities 

-88- 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 trust preferred securities issued by individual companies in the banking sector. Management reviewed the collectability of these securities taking into consideration such factors as the financial condition of the issuers, reported regulatory capital ratios of the issuers, credit ratings, including ratings in effect as of the reporting period date, as well as credit rating changes between the reporting period date and the filing date of this report, and other information. As of December 31, 2022, there was individual name issuer trust preferred debt security with an amortized cost of million and unrealized losses of thousand that was rated below investment grade by S P. We noted no downgrades to below investment grade between December 31, 2022 and the filing date of this report. Based on the information available through the filing date of this report, all individual name issuer trust preferred debt securities continue to accrue interest and make payments as expected with no payment deferrals or defaults on the part of the issuers. 
 
 Corporate Bonds 
 These securities in an unrealized loss position at December 31, 2022 included corporate bond holdings issued by individual companies in the financial services industry. Management reviewed the collectability of these securities taking into consideration such factors as the financial condition of the issuers, reported regulatory capital ratios of the issuers, credit ratings, including ratings in effect as of the reporting period date, as well as credit rating changes between the reporting period date and the filing date of this report, and other information. As of December 31, 2022, there was corporate bond debt security with an amortized cost of million and unrealized losses of thousand that was rated below investment grade by S P. We noted no downgrades to below investment grade between December 31, 2022 and the filing date of this report. Based on the information available through the filing date of this report, all corporate bond debt securities continue to accrue interest and make payments as expected with no payment deferrals or defaults on the part of the issuers. 
 
 -89- 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 Note 4 - 
 Commercial industrial (2) 
 Total commercial Residential Real Estate: Residential real estate (3) 
 Consumer: Home equity 
 Other (4) 
 Total consumer Total loans (5) 
 
 (1) 
 (2) million and million, respectively, of PPP loans as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 (3) 
 (4) 
 (5) million and million, respectively, at December 31, 2022 and 2021 and net unamortized premiums on loans purchased from and serviced by other financial institutions of thousand and thousand, respectively, at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Loan balances exclude accrued interest receivable of million and million, respectively, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, loans amounting to billion and billion, respectively, were pledged as collateral to the FHLB under a blanket pledge agreement and to the FRBB for the discount window. See Note 13 for additional disclosure regarding borrowings. 
 
 Concentrations of Credit Risk 
 A significant portion of our loan portfolio is concentrated among borrowers in southern New England and a substantial portion of the portfolio is collateralized by real estate in this area. The ability of single family residential and consumer borrowers to honor their repayment commitments is generally dependent on the level of overall economic activity within the market area and real estate values. The ability of commercial borrowers to honor their repayment commitments is dependent on the general economy, as well as the health of the real estate economic sector in the Corporation s market area. 

-90- 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

Commercial industrial 
 Total commercial Residential Real Estate: Residential real estate 
 Consumer: Home equity 
 Other 
 Total consumer Total loans 
 
 (Dollars in thousands) Days Past Due December 31, 2021 30-59 60-89 Over 90 Total Past Due Current Total Loans Commercial: Commercial real estate 
 Commercial industrial 
 Total commercial Residential Real Estate: Residential real estate 
 Consumer: Home equity 
 Other 
 Total consumer Total loans 
 
 Included in past due loans as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, were nonaccrual loans of million and million, respectively. In addition, all loans 90 days or more past due at December 31, 2022 and 2021 were classified as nonaccrual. 

-91- 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 Commercial industrial 
 Total commercial Residential Real Estate: Residential real estate 
 Consumer: Home equity 
 Other 
 Total consumer Total nonaccrual loans Accruing loans 90 days or more past due 
 
 No ACL was deemed necessary on nonaccrual loans with a carrying value of million and million, respectively, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Nonaccrual loans of million and million, respectively, at December 31, 2022 and 2021 were current as to the payment of principal and interest. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, nonaccrual loans secured by one- to four-family residential property amounting to million and million, respectively, were in process of foreclosure. 
 
 There were no significant commitments to lend additional funds to borrowers whose loans were on nonaccrual status at December 31, 2022. 
 
 Commercial industrial Total commercial Residential Real Estate: Residential real estate Consumer: Home equity Other Total consumer Total 
 
 Troubled Debt Restructurings 
 The recorded investment in TDRs consists of unpaid principal balance, net of charge-offs and unamortized deferred loan origination fees and costs. For accruing TDRs, the recorded investment also includes accrued interest. 
 
 -92- 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

Nonaccrual TDRs 
 Total TDRs 
 Specific reserves on TDRs included in the ACL on loans 
 Additional commitments to lend to borrowers with TDRs 

The following table presents TDRs occurring during the period indicated and the recorded investment pre- and post- modification: 
 (Dollars in thousands) Outstanding Recorded Investment # of Loans Pre-Modifications Post-Modifications Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 Commercial: Commercial real estate 
 Commercial industrial 
 Total commercial Total 
 
 Payment deferral Maturity / amortization concession Interest only payments Combination (1) 
 Total 
 (1) 
 
 In 2022 and 2021, there were TDRs modified within the previous 12 months for which there was a payment default. 
 
 Individually Analyzed Loans 
 Individually analyzed loans include nonaccrual commercial loans, reasonably expected TDRs, executed TDRs, and certain other loans based on the underlying risk characteristics and the discretion of management to individually analyze such loans. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the carrying value of individually analyzed loans amounted to million, of which million were considered collateral dependent. For collateral dependent loans where management has determined that foreclosure of the collateral is probable, or where the borrower is experiencing financial difficulty and repayment of the loan is to be provided substantially through the operation or sale of the collateral, the ACL is measured based on the difference between the fair value of the collateral and the amortized cost basis of the loan as of the measurement date. See Note 10 for additional disclosure regarding fair value of individually analyzed collateral dependent loans. 

-93- 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 Commercial industrial (2) 
 Total commercial Residential Real Estate: Residential real estate (3) 
 Consumer: Home equity (3) 
 Other 
 Total consumer Total 
 (1) 
 (2) 
 (3) 
 
 Credit Quality Indicators 
 Commercial 
 The Corporation utilizes an internal rating system to assign a risk to each of its commercial loans. Loans are rated on a scale of 1 to 10. This scale can be assigned to three broad categories including pass for ratings 1 through 6, special mention for 7-rated loans, and classified for loans rated 8, 9 or 10. The loan risk rating system takes into consideration parameters including the borrower s financial condition, the borrower s performance with respect to loan terms, the adequacy of collateral, the adequacy of guarantees and other credit quality characteristics. The takes the risk rating into consideration along with other credit attributes in the establishment of an appropriate ACL on loans. See Note 5 for additional information. 
 
 A description of the commercial loan categories is as follows: 
 
 Pass - Loans with acceptable credit quality, defined as ranging from superior or very strong to a status of lesser stature. Superior or very strong credit quality is characterized by a high degree of cash collateralization or strong balance sheet liquidity. Lesser stature loans have an acceptable level of credit quality, but may exhibit some weakness in various credit metrics such as collateral adequacy, cash flow, performance or may be in an industry or of a loan type known to have a higher degree of risk. These weaknesses may be mitigated by secondary sources of repayment, including SBA guarantees. 
 
 Special Mention - Loans with potential weaknesses that deserve management s close attention. If left uncorrected, these potential weaknesses may result in deterioration of the repayment prospects for the asset or in the Bank s position as creditor at some future date. Special Mention assets are not adversely classified and do not expose the Bank to sufficient risk to warrant adverse classification. Examples of these conditions include but are not limited to outdated or poor quality financial data, strains on liquidity and leverage, losses or negative trends in operating results, marginal cash flow, weaknesses in occupancy rates or trends in the case of commercial real estate and frequent delinquencies. 
 
 Classified - Loans identified as substandard, doubtful or loss based on criteria consistent with guidelines provided by banking regulators. A substandard loan has defined weaknesses which make payment default or principal exposure likely, but not yet certain. Such loans are apt to be dependent upon collateral liquidation, a secondary source of repayment or an event outside of the normal course of business. The loans are closely watched and are either already on nonaccrual status or may be placed on nonaccrual status when management determines there is uncertainty of collectability. A doubtful loan is placed on nonaccrual status and has a high probability of loss, but the extent of the loss is difficult to quantify due to dependency upon collateral having a value that is difficult to determine or upon some near-term event which lacks certainty. A loan in the loss category is considered generally uncollectible or the timing or amount of payments cannot be determined. Loss is not intended to imply that the loan has no recovery value, but rather, it is not practical or desirable to continue to carry the asset. 
 
 -94- 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

-95- 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 Special Mention 
 Classified 
 Total CRE 
 C I: 
 Pass 
 Special Mention 
 Classified 
 Total C I 
 Residential Real Estate: Residential real estate: Current 
 Past Due 
 Total residential real estate 
 Consumer: Home equity: Current 
 Past Due 
 Total home equity 
 Other: Current 
 Past Due 
 Total other 
 Total Loans 

-96- 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 Special Mention 
 Classified 
 Total CRE 
 C I: 
 Pass 
 Special Mention 
 Classified 
 Total C I 
 Residential Real Estate: Residential real estate: Current 
 Past Due 
 Total residential real estate 
 Consumer: Home equity: Current 
 Past Due 
 Total home equity 
 Other: Current 
 Past Due 
 Total other 
 Total Loans 
 
 Consistent with industry practice, Washington Trust may renew commercial loans at or immediately prior to their maturity. In the tables above, renewals subject to full credit evaluation before being granted are reported as originations in the period renewed. 

-97- 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

Loan servicing rights capitalized Amortization ) ) Increase in impairment reserve ) ) Balance at December 31, 2020 ) Loan servicing rights capitalized Amortization ) ) Decrease in impairment reserve Balance at December 31, 2021 Loan servicing rights capitalized Amortization ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 and thereafter Total estimated amortization expense 
 
 Loans sold to others may be serviced by the Corporation on a fee basis under various agreements. Loans serviced for others are not included in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Commercial Total 

-98- 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 Note 5 - 
 Charge-offs ) ) ) ) ) Recoveries Provision ) ) ) ) ) Ending Balance 

The following table presents the activity in the ACL on loans for the year ended December 31, 2021: 
 (Dollars in thousands) Commercial Consumer CRE 
 C I 
 Total Commercial Residential Real Estate Home Equity Other Total Consumer Total Beginning Balance 
 Charge-offs ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Recoveries Provision ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Ending Balance 

The following table presents the activity in the ACL on loans for the year ended December 31, 2020: 
 (Dollars in thousands) Commercial Consumer CRE 
 C I 
 Total Commercial Residential Real Estate Home Equity Other Total Consumer Total Beginning Balance 
 Adoption of ASC 326 ) ) ) Charge-offs ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Recoveries Provision Ending Balance 

-99- 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 Note 6 - 
 Premises and improvements Furniture, fixtures and equipment Total premises and equipment Less: accumulated depreciation Total premises and equipment, net 
 
 Depreciation of premises and equipment amounted to million, million and million, respectively, for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. 

Note 7 - 
 million and million, respectively, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Operating lease liabilities totaled million and million, respectively, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, there were operating leases that had not yet commenced. As of December 31, 2021, there were operating leases that had not yet commenced. 
 
 Range of lease expiration dates months - years 
 months - years 
 Range of lease renewal options 
 years - years 
 years - years 
 Weighted average remaining lease term 
 years years 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 and thereafter Total operating lease payments (1) 
 Less: interest Present value of operating lease liabilities (2) 
 
 (1) thousand related to options to extend lease terms that are reasonably certain of being exercised. 
 (2) million. 

-100- 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 Variable lease expense Total lease expense (1) 
 Cash Paid: Cash paid reducing operating lease liabilities 
 (1) 

Note 8 - 
 Wealth Management Services Segment Total goodwill 
 
 The balance of goodwill in the Commercial Banking segment arose from the acquisition of First Financial Corp. in 2002. The balance of goodwill in the Wealth Management Services segment arose from the 2005 acquisition of Weston and the 2015 acquisition of Halsey. 
 
 Accumulated amortization Net amount 
 
 The balance of intangible assets at December 31, 2022 includes wealth management advisory contracts resulting from the 2005 acquisition of Weston and the 2015 acquisition of Halsey. 
 
 The wealth management advisory contracts resulting from the Weston acquisition are being amortized over a -year life using a declining balance method, based on expected attrition for the current customer base derived from historical runoff data. The wealth management advisory contracts resulting from the acquisition of Halsey are being amortized on a straight-line basis over a -year life. 
 
 Amortization expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, amounted to thousand, thousand and thousand, respectively. 

-101- 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 and thereafter 

Note 9 - 

-102- 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 Derivatives not Designated as Hedging Instruments: Loan related derivative contracts: Interest rate contracts with customers Mirror contracts with counterparties Risk participation agreements Mortgage loan commitments: Interest rate lock commitments Forward sale commitments Gross amounts Less: amounts offset (2) 
 Derivative balances, net of offset Less: collateral pledged (3) 
 Net amounts 
 (1) thousand and thousand, respectively, at December 31, 2022 and 2021. The fair value of derivative liabilities includes accrued interest payable of thousand and thousand, respectively, at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 (2) 
 (3) 

-103- 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 Interest rate swaps 
 ) ) ) Interest rate floors 
 Total 
 
 Interest rate cap and interest rate floor contracts designated as cash flow hedges matured in 2020. 
 
 For derivatives designated as cash flow hedging instruments, see Note 19 for additional disclosure pertaining to the amounts and location of reclassifications from AOCL into earnings. Mirror contracts with counterparties Loan related derivative income ) Risk participation agreements 
 Loan related derivative income Mortgage loan commitments: Interest rate lock commitments 
 Mortgage banking revenues ) ) Forward sale commitments 
 Mortgage banking revenues ) Total 

Note 10 - 
 
 -104- 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

Aggregate principal balance 
 Difference between fair value and principal balance 
 
 Changes in fair value of mortgage loans held for sale accounted for under the fair value option election are included in mortgage banking revenues in the Consolidated Statements of Income. Changes in fair value amounted to a decrease to mortgage banking revenues of thousand in 2022, compared to a decrease to mortgage banking revenues of million in 2021. 
 
 There were no mortgage loans held for sale 90 days or more past due as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Valuation Techniques 
 Debt Securities 
 Available for sale debt securities are recorded at fair value on a recurring basis. When available, the Corporation uses quoted market prices to determine the fair value of debt securities; such items are classified as Level 1. There were no Level 1 securities held at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Level 2 debt securities are traded less frequently than exchange-traded instruments. The fair value of these securities is determined using matrix pricing with inputs that are observable in the market or can be derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data. This category includes obligations of U.S. government-sponsored enterprises, including mortgage-backed securities, individual name issuer trust preferred debt securities and corporate bonds. 
 
 Debt securities not actively traded whose fair value is determined through the use of cash flows utilizing inputs that are unobservable are classified as Level 3. There were no Level 3 securities held at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Mortgage Loans Held for Sale 
 The Corporation has elected the fair value option for mortgage loans held for sale. The fair value is estimated based on current market prices for similar loans in the secondary market and therefore are classified as Level 2 assets. 
 
 Collateral Dependent Individually Analyzed Loans 
 Collateral dependent individually analyzed loans are valued based upon the lower of amortized cost or fair value. Fair value is determined based on the appraised value of the underlying collateral. Such collateral primarily consists of real estate and, to a lesser extent, other business assets. For collateral dependent loans that are expected to be repaid substantially through the sale of the collateral, management adjusts the fair value for estimated costs to sell. Management may also adjust appraised values to reflect estimated market value declines or apply other discounts to appraised values resulting from its knowledge of the collateral. Internal valuations may be utilized to determine the fair value of other business assets. Collateral dependent individually analyzed loans are categorized as Level 3. 
 
 Derivatives 
 Interest rate derivative contracts are traded in over-the-counter markets where quoted market prices are not readily available. Fair value measurements are determined using independent valuation software, which utilizes the present value of future cash flows discounted using market observable inputs such as forward rate assumptions. The Corporation evaluates the credit risk of its counterparties, as well as that of the Corporation. Accordingly, factors such as the likelihood of default 
 
 -105- 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 Mortgage-backed securities issued by U.S. government agencies and U.S. government-sponsored enterprises 
 Individual name issuer trust preferred debt securities 
 Corporate bonds 
 Mortgage loans held for sale Derivative assets 45,055 45,055 Total assets at fair value on a recurring basis Liabilities: Derivative liabilities 76,008 76,008 Total liabilities at fair value on a recurring basis 

-106- 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 Mortgage-backed securities issued by U.S. government agencies and U.S. government-sponsored enterprises 
 Individual name issuer trust preferred debt securities 
 Corporate bonds 
 Mortgage loans held for sale Derivative assets Total assets at fair value on a recurring basis Liabilities: Derivative liabilities Total liabilities at fair value on a recurring basis 
 
 Items Recorded at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis 
 There were no assets written down to fair value during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 During 2021, collateral dependent individually analyzed loans were written down to fair value. One loan with a carrying value of million was paid in full in the fourth quarter of 2021. The second loan with a carrying value of thousand was fully reserved for as of December 31, 2021. 
 
 Appraisals of collateral Discount for costs to sell 
 Appraisal adjustments 

Valuation of Financial Instruments 

-107- 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 Financial Liabilities: Time deposits FHLB advances 
 Junior subordinated debentures 
 
 (Dollars in thousands) Carrying Amount Total Fair Value Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) December 31, 2021 Financial Assets: Loans, net of allowance for credit losses on loans Financial Liabilities: Time deposits FHLB advances 
 Junior subordinated debentures 

Note 11 - 
 State 
 Total current tax expense 
 Deferred Tax Expense (Benefit): Federal 
 ) State 
 ) Total deferred tax expense (benefit) ) Total income tax expense 

-108- 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

Increase (decrease) in taxes resulting from: State income tax expense, net of federal tax benefit 
 Tax-exempt income, net 
 ) ) ) ) ) ) BOLI 
 ) ) ) ) ) ) Investments in low-income housing limited partnerships ) ) ) ) ) ) Share-based compensation 
 ) ) ) ) Other 
 ) Total income tax expense 
 
 Allowance for credit losses on loans Cash flow hedges Operating lease liabilities 
 Deferred compensation 
 Deferred loan origination fees 
 Share-based compensation 
 Defined benefit pension obligations 
 Other 
 Deferred tax assets 
 Deferred Tax Liabilities: Operating lease ROU assets 
 ) ) Deferred loan origination costs 
 ) ) Loan servicing rights 
 ) ) Depreciation of premises and equipment ) ) Amortization of intangibles 
 ) ) Defined benefit pension obligations 
 ) Other 
 ) ) Deferred tax liabilities 
 ) ) Net deferred tax asset 
 
 The Corporation s net deferred tax asset is included in other assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Management has determined that a valuation allowance is not required for any of the deferred tax assets since it is more-likely-than-not that these assets will be realized primarily through future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences or by offsetting projected future taxable income. The Corporation had unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

-109- 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

Note 12 - 
 Interest-bearing demand deposits (1) 
 NOW accounts Money market accounts Savings accounts Time deposits (2) 
 Total deposits 
 (1) and , respectively, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 (2) and , respectively, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 and thereafter Balance at December 31, 2022 
 
 Time certificates of deposit in denominations of 250 thousand or more totaled million and million, respectively, at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Note 13 - 
 million and million, respectively, at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Bank had access to a million unused line of credit with the FHLB. Additionally, the Bank had a million standby letter of credit with the FHLB at December 31, 2022. This standby letter of credit was executed in 2022 to collateralize an institutional deposit. The Bank had remaining available borrowing capacity of million and billion, respectively with the FHLB at December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Bank pledges certain qualified investment securities and loans as collateral to the FHLB. 

-110- 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 and thereafter Total 
 Junior Subordinated Debentures 
 Junior subordinated debentures amounted to million at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 The Bancorp sponsored the creation of Trust I and Trust II, Delaware statutory trusts created for the sole purpose of issuing trust preferred securities and investing the proceeds in junior subordinated debentures of the Bancorp. The Bancorp is the owner of all of the common securities of the trusts. In accordance with GAAP, the trusts are treated as unconsolidated subsidiaries. 
 
 The million of junior subordinated debentures associated with Trust I bear interest at a rate equal to the rate plus and mature on September 15, 2035. The million of junior subordinated debentures associated with Trust II bear interest at a rate equal to the rate plus and mature on November 23, 2035. The debentures may be redeemed at par at the Bancorp s option, subject to the approval of the applicable banking regulator to the extent required under applicable guidelines or policies. 
 
 See Note 14 for additional discussion of the regulatory capital treatment of trust preferred securities. 

-111- 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 Note 14 - 
 shares, or approximately , of the Corporation s outstanding common stock. This authority may be exercised from time to time and in such amounts as market conditions warrant, and subject to regulatory considerations. The timing and actual numbers of shares repurchased will depend on a variety of factors including price, corporate and regulatory requirements, market conditions, and other corporate liquidity requirements and priorities. The 2023 Repurchase Program commenced on January 1, 2023 and expires on December 31, 2023 and may be modified, suspended, or discontinued at any time. 
 
 The 2021 Repurchase Program expired on December 31, 2022. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Corporation repurchased shares at an average price of and a total cost of million, under its 2021 Repurchase Program. 
 
 Dividends 
 The primary source of liquidity for the Bancorp is dividends received from the Bank. The Bancorp and the Bank are regulated enterprises and their abilities to pay dividends are subject to regulatory review and restriction. Certain regulatory and statutory restrictions exist regarding dividends, loans, and advances from the Bank to the Bancorp. Generally, the Bank has the ability to pay dividends to the Bancorp subject to minimum regulatory capital requirements. The FDIC and the FRBB have the authority to use their enforcement powers to prohibit a bank or bank holding company, respectively, from paying dividends if, in their opinion, the payment of dividends would constitute an unsafe or unsound practice. Dividends paid by the Bank to the Bancorp amounted to million and million, respectively, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Regulatory Capital Requirements 
 The Bancorp and the Bank are subject to various regulatory capital requirements administered by the FRBB and the FDIC, respectively. Regulatory authorities can initiate certain mandatory actions if the Bancorp or the Bank fail to meet minimum capital requirements, which could have a direct material effect on the Corporation s financial statements. Capital adequacy guidelines and, additionally for banks, prompt corrective action regulations involve quantitative measures of assets, liabilities, and certain off-balance sheet items calculated under regulatory accounting practices. These quantitative measures, to ensure capital adequacy, require minimum amounts and ratios. 
 
 Capital levels at December 31, 2022 exceeded the regulatory minimum levels to be considered well capitalized. 

-112- 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 N/A N/A Bank 
 Tier 1 Capital (to Risk-Weighted Assets): Corporation 
 N/A N/A Bank 
 Common Equity Tier 1 Capital (to Risk-Weighted Assets): Corporation 
 N/A N/A Bank 
 Tier 1 Capital (to Average Assets): (1) 
 Corporation 
 N/A N/A Bank 
 December 31, 2021 Total Capital (to Risk-Weighted Assets): Corporation 
 N/A N/A Bank 
 Tier 1 Capital (to Risk-Weighted Assets): Corporation 
 N/A N/A Bank 
 Common Equity Tier 1 Capital (to Risk-Weighted Assets): Corporation 
 N/A N/A Bank 
 Tier 1 Capital (to Average Assets): (1) 
 Corporation 
 N/A N/A Bank 
 
 (1) 
 
 In addition to the minimum regulatory capital required for capital adequacy purposes outlined in the table above, the Corporation is required to maintain a minimum capital conservation buffer, in the form of common equity, of 2.50 in order to avoid restrictions on capital distributions and discretionary bonuses. The Corporation s capital levels exceeded the minimum regulatory capital requirements plus the capital conservation buffer at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 The Bancorp owns the common stock of two capital trusts, which have issued trust preferred securities. In accordance with GAAP, the capital trusts are treated as unconsolidated subsidiaries. At both December 31, 2022 and 2021, million in trust preferred securities were included in the Tier 1 capital of the Corporation for regulatory capital reporting purposes pursuant to the capital adequacy guidelines of the Federal Reserve. 
 
 In accordance with regulatory capital rules, the Corporation elected the option to delay the estimated impact of ASC 326 on its regulatory capital over a two-year deferral and subsequent three-year transition period ending December 31, 2024. As a result, capital ratios exclude the full impact of the increased ACL on loans and unfunded loan commitments attributed to the adoption of ASC 326, adjusted for an approximation of the after-tax provision for credit losses attributable to ASC 326 
 
 -113- 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

Note 15 - 
 Noninterest income: Wealth management revenues Mortgage banking revenues 
 Card interchange fees 
 Service charges on deposit accounts 
 Loan related derivative income 
 Income from bank-owned life insurance 
 Other income 
 Total noninterest income Total revenues 
 (1) 
 (2) 
 
 The following table presents revenue from contracts with customers based on the timing of revenue recognition: 
 (Dollars in thousands) Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Revenue recognized at a point in time: Card interchange fees Service charges on deposit accounts Other income Revenue recognized over time: Wealth management revenues 
 Service charges on deposit accounts 
 Other income 
 Total revenues from contracts with customers in scope of ASC 606 

Receivables for revenue from contracts with customers consist primarily of amounts due for wealth management services performed for which the Corporation s performance obligations have been fully satisfied. Receivables amounted to million and million, respectively, at December 31, 2022 and 2021 and were included in other assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 Deferred revenues, which are considered contract liabilities under ASC 606, represent advance consideration received from customers for which the Corporation has a remaining performance obligation to fulfill. Contract liabilities are recognized as revenue over the life of the contract as the performance obligations are satisfied. The balances of contract liabilities were insignificant at both December 31, 2022 and 2021 and were included in other liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 For commissions and incentives that are in scope of ASC 606, such as those paid to employees in our wealth management services and commercial banking segments in order to obtain customer contracts, contract cost assets are established. The 
 
 -114- 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 million and million, respectively, at December 31, 2022 and 2021 and were included in other assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The amortization of contract cost assets is recorded within salaries and employee benefits expense Consolidated Statements of Income. 

Note 16 - 
 -year transition period ending in December 2023. 
 
 The qualified pension plan is funded on a current basis, in compliance with the requirements of ERISA. 
 
 Pension benefit costs and benefit obligations incorporate various actuarial and other assumptions, including discount rates, mortality, rates of return on plan assets and compensation increases. Washington Trust evaluates these assumptions annually. 
 
 Service cost 
 Interest cost 
 Actuarial (gain) loss ) ) ) Benefits paid 
 ) ) ) ) Administrative expenses 
 ) ) Benefit obligation at end of period 
 Change in Plan Assets: Fair value of plan assets at beginning of period 
 Actual return on plan assets 
 ) Employer contributions 
 Benefits paid 
 ) ) ) ) Administrative expenses 
 ) ) Fair value of plan assets at end of period 
 Funded (unfunded) status at end of period (1) 
 
 (1) 
 
 The non-qualified retirement plans provide for the designation of assets in rabbi trusts. Securities available for sale and other short-term investments designated for this purpose, with the carrying value of million and million are included in the Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

-115- 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

million and million, respectively, at December 31, 2022 and 2021. The accumulated benefit obligation for the non-qualified retirement plans amounted to million and million, respectively, at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Interest cost (2) 
 Expected return on plan assets (2) 
 ) ) ) Recognized net actuarial loss (2) 
 Net periodic benefit cost 
 Other Changes in Plan Assets and Benefit Obligations Recognized in Other Comprehensive Income (on a pre-tax basis): 
 Net (gain) loss ) ) ) ) Recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) 
 ) ) ) ) Total recognized in net periodic benefit cost and other comprehensive income (loss) 
 
 (1) 
 (2) 
 
 Assumptions 
 Rate of compensation increase 
 
 The following table presents the measurement date and weighted-average assumptions used to determine net periodic benefit cost for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020: 
 Qualified Pension Plan Non-Qualified Retirement Plans 2022 2021 2020 2022 2021 2020 Measurement date Dec 31, 2021 Dec 31, 2020 Dec 31, 2019 Dec 31, 2021 Dec 31, 2020 Dec 31, 2019 Equivalent single discount rate for benefit obligations 
 Equivalent single discount rate for service cost 
 Equivalent single discount rate for interest cost 
 Expected long-term return on plan assets 
 N/A N/A N/A Rate of compensation increase 

The expected long-term rate of return on plan assets is based on what the Corporation believes is realistically achievable based on the types of assets held by the plan and the plan s investment practices. The assumption is updated annually, taking 
 
 -116- 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 Obligations of U.S. government-sponsored enterprises Obligations of states and political subdivisions Corporate bonds Mutual funds Total plan assets 
 
 (Dollars in thousands) Fair Value Measurements Using Fair Value December 31, 2021 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Assets: Cash and cash equivalents Obligations of U.S. government-sponsored enterprises 
 Obligations of states and political subdivisions Corporate bonds Common stocks Mutual funds Total plan assets 
 
 The qualified pension plan uses fair value measurements to record fair value adjustments to the securities held in its investment portfolio. 
 
 When available, the qualified pension plan uses quoted market prices to determine the fair value of securities; such items are classified as Level 1. This category includes cash and cash equivalents, as well as common stocks and mutual funds which are exchange-traded. 
 
 Level 2 securities in the qualified pension plan include debt securities with quoted prices, which are traded less frequently than exchange-traded instruments, whose values are determined using matrix pricing with inputs that are observable in the market or can be derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data. This category includes obligations of U.S. government-sponsored enterprises, obligations of states and political subdivisions and corporate bonds. 
 
 -117- 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

Fixed income securities (1) 
 Equity securities (2) 
 Total 
 (1) 
 (2) 
 
 The assets of the qualified defined benefit pension plan trust are managed to ensure that all present and future benefit obligations are met as they come due. It seeks to achieve this goal while trying to mitigate volatility in plan funded status, contributions and expense by aligning the characteristics of the plan assets to that of the plan liabilities. The qualified pension plan is well-funded and will become frozen at December 31, 2023, at which point all future benefit accruals will cease. Our investment approach takes these factors into consideration, and as such we have been increasing our allocation to lower-risk fixed income securities and reducing our allocation to higher-risk equity securities. 
 
 Cash inflow is typically composed of investment income from portfolio holdings and employer contributions, while cash outflow is for the purpose of paying plan benefits and certain plan expenses. As early as possible each year, the trustee is advised of the projected schedule of employer contributions and estimations of benefit payments. 
 
 Cash Flows 
 Contributions 
 The Code permits flexibility in plan contributions so that normally a range of contributions is possible. The Corporation does not expect to make a contribution to the qualified pension plan in 2023. In addition, the Corporation expects to contribute thousand in benefit payments to the non-qualified retirement plans in 2023. 
 
 Estimated Future Benefit Payments 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 and thereafter 
 
 401(k) Plan 
 The Corporation s 401(k) Plan provides a match up to a maximum of of employee contributions for substantially all employees. In addition, substantially all employees hired after September 30, 2007, who are ineligible for participation in the qualified defined benefit pension plan, receive a non-elective employer contribution of of compensation. Total employer matching contributions under this plan amounted to million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

-118- 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 million and million, respectively, at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and is included in other liabilities on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. The corresponding invested assets are reported in other assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

Note 17 - 
 common stock shares were reserved for issuance under the 2003 Stock Incentive Plan, 2013 Stock Option and Incentive Plan and 2022 Long Term Incentive Plan. 
 
 Share-based Compensation Expense 
 Related income tax benefits (1) 
 
 (1) thousand and thousand, respectively, of excess tax benefits recognized upon the settlement of share-based compensation awards in 2022 and 2021. Includes thousand of excess tax expenses recognized upon the settlement of share-based compensation awards in 2020. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, there was million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to share-based compensation arrangements, including stock options, restricted stock units and performance share units granted under the Plans. That cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 
 
 Stock Options 
 The exercise price of each stock option may not be less than the fair market value of the Bancorp s common stock on the date of grant, and options shall have a term of no more than ten years. Stock options are designated as either non-qualified or incentive stock options. For the years ended 2022, 2021 and 2020, all stock options granted by the Corporation were designated as non-qualified stock options. 
 
 Washington Trust uses historical data to estimate stock option exercise and employee departure behavior in the option-pricing model. The expected term of options granted was derived from the output of the option valuation model and represents the period of time that options granted are expected to be outstanding. Expected volatility was based on historical volatility of Washington Trust shares. The risk-free rate for periods within the contractual life of the stock option was based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the date of grant. 

-119- 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 Cliff vesting period (years) Expected term (years) Expected dividend yield Weighted average expected volatility Weighted average risk-free interest rate Weighted average grant-date fair value 
 
 Granted Exercised ) Forfeited or expired End of period Options exercisable at end of period 
 
 The total intrinsic value is the amount by which the fair value of the underlying stock exceeds the exercise price of an option on the exercise date. 
 
 to 
 to 
 to 
 Total 
 
 The total intrinsic value of stock options exercised during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was thousand, thousand and thousand, respectively. 
 
 Restricted Stock Units 
 In 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Corporation granted to directors and certain key employees , and restricted stock units, respectively, with -year cliff vesting. 

-120- 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) End of period 
 
 Performance Share Units 
 The Corporation granted performance share units to certain key employees providing the opportunity to earn shares of common stock over a -year to -year performance period. The number of shares to be vested will be contingent upon the Corporation s attainment of certain performance measures as detailed in the performance share unit award agreements. 
 
 2021 2020 2018 Total 
 
 Granted (1) 
 Vested ) Forfeited ) End of period 
 (1) 
 
 -121- 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 Note 18 - 
 Provision for credit losses ) ) Net interest income (expense) after provision for credit losses ) Noninterest income Noninterest expenses: Depreciation and amortization expense Other noninterest expenses Total noninterest expenses Income before income taxes Income tax expense Net income Total assets at period end Expenditures for long-lived assets 
 
 -122- 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 Provision for credit losses ) ) Net interest income (expense) after provision for credit losses ) Noninterest income Noninterest expenses: Depreciation and amortization expense Other noninterest expenses Total noninterest expenses Income before income taxes Income tax expense Net income Total assets at period end Expenditures for long-lived assets 
 
 (Dollars in thousands) Year ended December 31, 2020 Commercial Banking Wealth Management Services Consolidated Total Net interest income (expense) Provision for credit losses Net interest income (expense) after provision for credit losses ) Noninterest income Noninterest expenses: Depreciation and amortization expense Other noninterest expenses Total noninterest expenses Income before income taxes Income tax expense Net income Total assets at period end Expenditures for long-lived assets 

-123- 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 Note 19 -) Cash Flow Hedges: Changes in fair value of cash flow hedges 
 ) ) Net cash flow hedge losses reclassified into earnings (1) 
 ) Net change in the fair value of cash flow hedges ) ) Defined Benefit Plan Obligations: Defined benefit plan obligation adjustment 
 ) Amortization of net actuarial losses (2) 
 ) Net change in defined benefit plan obligations ) Total other comprehensive loss 
 (1) million reduction in interest and fees on loans and a thousand increase in FHLB interest expense. 
 (2) The pre-tax amount presented above is included in other expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 
 (Dollars in thousands) Year ended December 31, 2021 Pre-tax Amounts Income Tax Benefit (Expense) Net of Tax Available for Sale Debt Securities: Changes in fair value of available for sale debt securities 
 Cash Flow Hedges: Changes in fair value of cash flow hedges 
 ) ) Net cash flow hedge gains reclassified into earnings (1) 
 ) ) Net change in the fair value of cash flow hedges ) ) Defined Benefit Plan Obligations: Defined benefit plan obligation adjustment 
 ) Amortization of net actuarial losses (2) 
 ) Net change in defined benefit plan obligations ) Total other comprehensive loss 
 (1) million increase in interest and fees on loans and a million increase in FHLB interest expense. 
 (2) 

-124- 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 Cash Flow Hedges: Changes in fair value of cash flow hedges 
 ) ) Net cash flow hedge losses reclassified into earnings (1) 
 ) Net change in the fair value of cash flow hedges ) ) Defined Benefit Plan Obligations: Defined benefit plan obligation adjustment 
 ) ) Amortization of net actuarial losses (2) 
 ) Net change in defined benefit plan obligations ) ) Total other comprehensive income 
 (1) thousand reduction in interest and fees on loans, thousand increase in FHLB interest expense and a thousand increase in junior subordinated debentures interest expense. 
 (2) The pre-tax amount presented above is included in other expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Income. Other comprehensive (loss) income before reclassifications ) ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income 
 Net other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 
 
 (Dollars in thousands) Net Unrealized Gains (Losses) on Available for Sale Debt Securities Net Unrealized Losses on Cash Flow Hedges Net Unrealized Losses on Defined Benefit Plan Obligations Total Balance at December 31, 2020 Other comprehensive (loss) income before reclassifications ) ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income 
 ) Net other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 

-125- 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income 
 Net other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2020 

Note 20 - 
 Less: dividends and undistributed earnings allocated to participating securities ) ) ) Net income available to common shareholders Shares: Weighted average common shares outstanding Dilutive effect of common stock equivalents Weighted average diluted common shares outstanding Earnings per common share: Basic earnings per common share Diluted earnings per common share 
 
 Weighted average common stock equivalents, not included in common stock equivalents above because they were anti-dilutive, totaled , and , respectively, for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 

-126- 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 Note 21 - 
 
 -127- 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 Standby letters of credit Financial instruments whose notional amounts exceed the amount of credit risk: Mortgage loan commitments: Interest rate lock commitments 
 Forward sale commitments 
 Loan related derivative contracts: Interest rate contracts with customers Mirror interest rate contracts with counterparties Risk participation-in agreements 
 Interest rate risk management contracts: Interest rate swaps 

See Note 9 for additional disclosure pertaining to derivative financial instruments. 
 
 ACL on Unfunded Commitments 
 The ACL on unfunded commitments is management s estimate of expected lifetime credit losses over the expected contractual term in which the Corporation is exposed to credit risk via a contractual obligation to extend credit, unless that obligation is unconditionally cancellable by the Corporation. Unfunded commitments for home equity lines of credit and commercial demand loans are considered unconditionally cancellable for regulatory capital purposes and, therefore, are excluded from the calculation to estimate the ACL on unfunded commitments. For each portfolio, estimated loss rates and funding factors are applied to the corresponding balance of unfunded commitments. The estimated loss rates applied to unfunded commitments are the same quantitative and qualitative loss rates applied to the corresponding on-balance sheet amounts in determining the ACL on loans. The estimated funding factor applied to unfunded commitments represents the likelihood that the funding will occur and is based upon the Corporation s average historical utilization rate for each portfolio. 
 
 Provision ) ) Ending Balance 
 
 The activity in the ACL on unfunded commitments for the year ended December 31, 2021 is presented below: 
 (Dollars in thousands) Commercial Consumer CRE 
 C I 
 Total Commercial Residential Real Estate Home Equity Other Total Consumer Total Beginning Balance Provision ) ) ) ) ) Ending Balance 

-128- 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 million and million, respectively. Washington Trust has recorded a reserve for its exposure to losses for premium recapture and the obligation to indemnify or repurchase previously sold residential real estate mortgage loans. The reserve balance amounted to thousand and thousand at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and is included in other liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Any change in the estimate is recorded in mortgage banking revenues in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 

Note 22 - 
 Investment in subsidiaries at equity value: Bank Non-bank Dividends receivable from bank subsidiary Other assets Total assets Liabilities: Junior subordinated debentures Dividends payable Other liabilities Total liabilities Shareholders Equity: Common stock of par value; authorized shares; shares issued and shares outstanding at December 31, 2022 and shares issued and shares outstanding at December 31, 2021 
 Paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Treasury stock, at cost; shares at December 31, 2022 and shares at December 31, 2021 
 ) ) Total shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholders equity 
 
 -129- 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

Non-bank Other income (losses) ) Total income Expenses: Interest on junior subordinated debentures Other expenses Total expenses Income before income taxes Income tax benefit Income before equity in undistributed earnings (losses) of subsidiaries Equity in undistributed earnings (losses) of subsidiaries: Bank Non-bank ) ) Net income 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Equity in undistributed (earnings) losses of subsidiaries: Bank ) ) ) Non-bank ) Tax benefit (expense) from stock option exercises and other equity awards ) Deferred income tax benefit ) Increase in dividend receivable ) ) (Increase) decrease in other assets ) Increase (decrease) in accrued expenses and other liabilities ) Other, net ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Repayment of equity investment in subsidiary Purchases of other equity investments, net ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) Cash flows from financing activities: Treasury stock purchased ) ) Net proceeds from stock option exercises and issuance of other equity awards, net of awards surrendered ) ) ) Cash dividends paid ) ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash ) Cash at beginning of year Cash at end of year 
 
 -130- 

ITEM 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 None. 

ITEM 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 As required by Rule 13a-15 under the Exchange Act, the Corporation carried out an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of the Corporation s management, including the Corporation s principal executive officer and principal financial officer, of the Corporation s disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period ended December 31, 2022. Based upon that evaluation, the principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that the Corporation s disclosure controls and procedures are effective and designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Corporation in the reports it files or submits under the Exchange Act is (i) recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and (ii) accumulated and communicated to the Corporation's management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. The Corporation will continue to review and document its disclosure controls and procedures and consider such changes in future evaluations of the effectiveness of such controls and procedures, as it deems appropriate. 
 
 Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 The Corporation's management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). The Corporation's internal control system was designed to provide reasonable assurance to its management and the Board of Directors regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements. All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. The Corporation's management assessed the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting as of the end of the period covered by this report using the criteria described in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. In addition, the effectiveness of the Corporation's internal control over financial reporting as of the end of the period covered by this report has been audited by Crowe LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm. 
 
 There has been no change in our internal controls over financial reporting during the fourth quarter ended December 31, 2022 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. Other Information. 
 None. 
 
 -131- 

PART III 
 
 ITEM 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 The information required by this Item will be included in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 The Corporation maintains a code of ethics that applies to all of the Corporation s directors, officers and employees, including the Corporation s principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer. This code of ethics is available on the Investor Relations section of the Corporation s website at https://ir.washtrust.com, under the caption Corporate Governance. 

ITEM 11. Executive Compensation. 
 The information required by this Item will be included in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 Required information regarding security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management will be included in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 The following table provides information as of December 31, 2022 regarding shares of common stock of the Bancorp that may be issued under our existing equity compensation plans, including the 2003 Stock Incentive Plan, 2013 Stock Option and Incentive Plan and 2022 Long Term Incentive Plan. 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information Plan category Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding 
 options, warrants and rights (1) 
 Weighted average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities referenced in column (a)) (a) (b) (c) Equity compensation plans approved by security holders (2) 
 914,124 (3) 46.67 (4) 523,985 (5) Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 
 N/A N/A Total 
 914,124 46.67 523,985 
 (1) Does not include any shares already reflected in the Bancorp s outstanding shares. 
 (2) Consists of the 2003 Stock Incentive Plan, 2013 Stock Option and Incentive Plan and 2022 Long Term Incentive Plan. Under the 2013 Stock Option and Incentive Plan, the grant of any full value award (an award other than an option or a stock appreciation award) shall be deemed, for the purposes of determining the number of shares of stock available for issuance, as an award of 1.85 shares of stock for each such share subject to the award. 
 (3) For performance share awards, amounts included represent the maximum amount of performance shares that could be issued under existing awards. The actual shares issued may differ based on the attainment of performance goals. 
 (4) Reflects the weighted average exercise price of outstanding stock options granted under the 2003 Stock Incentive Plan, 2013 Stock Option and Incentive Plan and 2022 Long Term Incentive Plan. Other award types do not have an exercise price and therefore, are not included. 
 (5) Consists of the 2022 Long Term Incentive Plan only, as there are no securities available for future grants under the 2003 Stock Incentive Plan or 2013 Stock Option and Incentive Plan. 

ITEM 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 The information required by this Item will be included in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 
 The information required by this Item will be included in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

-132- 

PART IV 
 
 ITEM 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 
 (a) Documents filed as part of this report. 1. Financial Statements. The financial statements of the Corporation required in response to this Item are listed in response to Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 2. Financial Statement Schedules. All schedules normally required by Article 9 of Regulation S-X and all other schedules to the consolidated financial statements of the Corporation have been omitted because the required information is either not required, not applicable, or is included in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto. 
 3. Exhibits. The following exhibits are included as part of this Form 10-K. (b) See (a) 3. above for all exhibits filed herewith and the Exhibit Index. (c) Financial Statement Schedules. None. 
 
 Exhibit Index 
 Exhibit Number 3.1 Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Registrant Filed as Exhibit 3.a to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2000. (1) 
 3.2 Amendment to Restated Articles of Incorporation Filed as Exhibit 3.b to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2002. (1) 
 3.3 Amendment to Restated Articles of Incorporation Filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 11, 2016. (1 
 3.4 Amendment to Restated Articles of Incorporation - Filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated May 6, 2021. (1) 
 3.5 Amended and Restated By-Laws of the Registrant - Filed as Exhibit 3.5 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. (1 
 4.1 Description of Equity Securities Registered Under Section 12 of the Exchange Act - Filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019. (1) 
 10.1 2003 Stock Incentive Plan as Amended and Restated - Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 29, 2009. (1) (2) 
 10.2 First Amendment to the 2003 Stock Option Incentive Plan as Amended and Restated - Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2017. (1) (2) 
 10.3 Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Certificate under the Washington Trust Bancorp, Inc. 2003 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended (employees) - Filed as Exhibit No. 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 17, 2005. (1) (2) 
 10.4 Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Certificate under the Washington Trust Bancorp, Inc. 2003 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended (members of the Board of Directors) Filed as Exhibit No. 10.8 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 17, 2005. (1) (2) 
 10.5 Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Certificate and Statement of Terms and Conditions under the Washington Trust Bancorp, Inc. 2003 Stock Incentive Plan Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2017. (1) (2) 
 10.6 2013 Stock and Incentive Plan Filed as Exhibit 10.13 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017. (1) (2) 
 10.7 First Amendment to the 2013 Stock Option and Incentive Plan - Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2017. (1) (2) 
 10.8 Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Certificate and Statement of Terms and Conditions under the Washington Trust Bancorp, Inc. 2013 Stock Option and Incentive Plan for non-employee directors Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2014. (1) (2) 

-133- 

10.9 Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Certificate and Statement of Terms and Conditions under the Washington Trust Bancorp, Inc. 2013 Stock Option and Incentive Plan for employees Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2014. (1) (2) 
 10.10 Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Certificate and Statement of Terms and Conditions under the Washington Trust Bancorp, Inc. 2013 Stock Option and Incentive Plan for employees Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2017. (1) (2) 
 10.11 Form of Incentive Stock Option Certificate and Statement of Terms and Conditions under the Washington Trust Bancorp, Inc. 2013 Stock Option and Incentive Plan for employees Filed as Exhibit 10.8 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2014. (1) (2) 
 10.12 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement under the Washington Trust Bancorp, Inc. 2013 Stock Option and Incentive Plan for non-employee directors Filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2014. (1) (2) 
 10.13 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Certificate and Statement of Terms and Conditions under the Washington Trust Bancorp, Inc. 2013 Stock Option and Incentive Plan for non-employee directors Filed as Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2014. (1) (2) 
 10.14 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Certificate and Statement of Terms and Conditions under the Washington Trust Bancorp, Inc. 2013 Stock Option and Incentive Plan for employees Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2017. (1) (2) 
 10.15 Form of Performance Share Unit Award Agreement under the Washington Trust Bancorp, Inc. 2013 Stock Option and Incentive Plan for employees Filed as Exhibit 10.7 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2014. (1) (2) 
 10.16 Form of Performance Share Unit Award Agreement under the Washington Trust Bancorp, Inc. 2013 Stock Option and Incentive Plan Filed as Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2017. (1) (2) 
 10.17 Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Certificate and Statement of Terms and Conditions under the Washington Trust Bancorp, Inc. 2013 Stock Option and Incentive Plan for employees Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2020. (1) (2) 
 10.18 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Certificate under the Washington Trust Bancorp, Inc. 2013 Stock Option and Incentive Plan for employees Filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2020. (1) (2) 
 10.19 Form of Performance Share Unit Award Agreement under the Washington Trust Bancorp, Inc. 2013 Stock Option and Incentive Plan Filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2020. (1) (2) 
 10.20 2022 Long Term Incentive Plan - Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File No. 333-264484), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 26, 2022. (1) (2) 
 10.21 Form of Non-qualified Stock Option Agreement for Employees under the Washington Trust Bancorp, Inc. 2022 Long Term Incentive Plan - Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2022. (1) (2) 
 10.22 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for Non-Employee Directors under the Washington Trust Bancorp, Inc. 2022 Long Term Incentive Plan - Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File No. 333-264484) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 26, 2022. (1) (2) 
 10.23 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for Employees under the Washington Trust Bancorp, Inc. 2022 Long Term Incentive Plan - Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2022. (1) (2) 
 10.24 Form of Performance Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for Employees under the Washington Trust Bancorp, Inc. 2022 Long Term Incentive Plan - Filed herewith . (2) 
 10.25 Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust of WT Capital Trust I dated August 29, 2005, by and among Wilmington Trust Company, as Delaware Trustee and Institutional Trustee, Washington Trust Bancorp, Inc., as Sponsor, and the Administrators listed therein Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 1, 2005. (1) 
 10.26 Indenture dated as of August 29, 2005, between Washington Trust Bancorp, Inc., as Issuer, and Wilmington Trust Company, as Trustee Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 1, 2005. (1) 

-134- 

10.27 Guaranty Agreement dated August 29, 2005, by and between Washington Trust Bancorp, Inc. and Wilmington Trust Company Filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 1, 2005. (1) 
 10.28 Certificate Evidencing Fixed/Floating Rate Capital Securities of WT Capital Trust I dated August 29, 2005 Filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 1, 2005. (1) 
 10.29 Fixed/Floating Rate Junior Subordinated Deferrable Interest Debenture of Washington Trust Bancorp, Inc. dated August 29, 2005 Filed as Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 1, 2005. (1) 
 10.30 Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust of WT Capital Trust II dated August 29, 2005, by and among Wilmington Trust Company, as Delaware Trustee and Institutional Trustee, Washington Trust Bancorp, Inc., as Sponsor, and the Administrators listed therein Filed as Exhibit 10.6 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 1, 2005. (1) 
 10.31 Indenture dated as of August 29, 2005, between Washington Trust Bancorp, Inc., as Issuer, and Wilmington Trust Company, as Trustee Filed as Exhibit 10.7 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 1, 2005. (1) 
 10.32 Guaranty Agreement dated August 29, 2005, by and between Washington Trust Bancorp, Inc. and Wilmington Trust Company Filed as Exhibit 10.8 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 1, 2005. (1) 
 10.33 Certificate Evidencing Capital Securities of WT Capital Trust II (Number of Capital Securities 10,000) dated August 29, 2005 Filed as Exhibit 10.9 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 1, 2005. (1) 
 10.34 Certificate Evidencing Capital Securities of WT Capital Trust II (Number of Capital Securities 4,000) dated August 29, 2005 Filed as Exhibit 10.10 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 1, 2005. (1) 
 10.35 Fixed/Floating Rate Junior Subordinated Debt Security due 2035 of Washington Trust Bancorp, Inc. dated August 29, 2005 Filed as Exhibit 10.11 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 1, 2005. (1) 
 10.36 Amended and Restated Supplemental Pension Benefit Plan Filed as Exhibit 10.36 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2007. (1) (2) 
 10.37 Amended and Restated Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan Filed as Exhibit 10.37 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2007. (1) (2) 
 10.38 Amendment to Supplemental Pension Benefit Plan Filed as Exhibit 10.49 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2013. (1) (2) 
 10.39 Amended and Restated Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File No. 333-146388) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 28, 2007. (1) (2) 
 10.40 First Amendment to The Washington Trust Company Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan As Amended and Restated Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2008. (1) (2) 
 10.41 Second Amendment to The Washington Trust Company Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan as Amended and Restated Filed as Exhibit 10.34 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016. (1) (2) 
 10.42 Third Amendment to The Washington Trust Company Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan as Amended and Restated Filed as Exhibit 10.35 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016. (1) (2) 
 10.43 Fourth Amendment to The Washington Trust Company Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan as Amended and Restated Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2014. (1) (2) 
 10.44 Fifth Amendment to The Washington Trust Company Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan as Amended and Restated Filed as Exhibit 10.61 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2014. (1) (2) 
 10.45 Sixth Amendment to The Washington Trust Company Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan as Amended and Restated Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2015. (1) (2) 
 10.46 Seventh Amendment to The Washington Trust Company Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan as Amended and Restated Filed as Exhibit 10.47 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017. (1) (2) 

-135- 

10.47 Amended and Restated Annual Performance Plan, dated December 13, 2021 - Filed as Exhibit 10.64 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. (1) (2) 
 10.48 Amended and Restated Wealth Management Business Building Incentive Plan, dated January 24, 2022 - Filed as Exhibit 10.65 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. (1) (2) 
 10.49 Retail Lending Growth Incentive Plan, dated March 15, 2021 - Filed as Exhibit 10.63 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. (1) (2) 
 10.50 Form and terms of Change in Control Agreement Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2009. (1) (2) 
 10.51 Compensatory agreement with an executive officer, dated June 20, 2012 Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 28, 2012. (1) (2) 
 10.52 Terms of Change in Control Agreement with an executive officer, dated January 10, 2013 Filed as Exhibit 10.53 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2012. (1) (2) 
 10.53 Compensatory agreement with an executive officer, dated September 19, 2013 Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 25, 2013. (1) (2) 
 10.54 Form of First Amendment to Change in Control Agreement Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 5, 2014. (1) (2) 
 10.55 Form of Amended and Restated Change in Control Agreement Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2014. (1) (2) 
 10.56 Terms of Amended and Restated Change in Control Agreement Filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2014. (1) (2) 
 10.57 Terms of Amended and Restated Change in Control with an executive officer, dated June 1, 2015 Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2015. (1) (2) 
 10.58 Form and terms of Split-Dollar Agreement with certain executive officers Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2015. (1) (2) 
 10.59 Terms of Amended and Restated Change in Control with certain executive officers, dated September 22, 2016 Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016. 1) (2) 
 10.60 Terms of Restricted Stock Unit Certificate with an executive officer, dated June 1, 2017 Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2017. (1) (2) 
 10.61 Terms of Amended and Restated Change in Control with an executive officer, dated June 1, 2017 Filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2017. (1) (2) 
 10.62 Terms of Performance Share Unit Award Agreement with certain executive officers, dated January 18, 2018 Filed as Exhibit 10.70 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017. (1) (2) 
 10.63 Terms of Amended and Restated Change in Control with an executive officer, dated February 27, 2018 Filed as Exhibit 10.71 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017. (1) (2) 
 10.64 Terms of Amended and Restated Change in Control Agreement - Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2019 . (1) (2) 
 10.65 Terms of Performance Share Unit Award Agreement with certain executive officers, dated March 16, 2020 - Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2020. (1) (2) 
 10.66 Terms of Performance Share Unit Award Agreement with certain executive officers, dated January 25, 2021 - Filed as Exhibit 10.71 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020 . (1) (2) 
 10.67 Terms of Performance Share Unit Award Agreement with certain executive officers, dated January 24, 2022 - Filed as Exhibit 10.62 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. (1) (2) 
 10.68 Terms of Performance Restricted Stock Unit Agreement with certain executive officers, dated January 24, 2023 - Filed herewith. (2) 
 21.1 Subsidiaries of the Registrant Filed herewith. 
 23.1 Consent of Crowe LLP Filed herewith. 
 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Filed herewith. 

-136- 

31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Filed herewith. 
 32.1 Certifications of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Furnished herewith. (3) 
 101 The following materials from Washington Trust Bancorp, Inc.'s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 formatted in Inline XBRL; (i) the Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Income, (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders' Equity, (v) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (vi) related notes to these financial statements - Filed herewith. 
 
 (1) Not filed herewith. In accordance with Rule 12b-32 promulgated pursuant to the Exchange Act, reference is made to the documents previously filed with the SEC, which are incorporated by reference herein. 
 (2) Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 (3) These certifications are not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act or incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. 

ITEM 16. Form 10-K Summary. 
 None. 
 
 -137- 

Signatures 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 WASHINGTON TRUST BANCORP, INC. (Registrant) Date: February 23, 2023 By /s/ Edward O. Handy III 
 Edward O. Handy III Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) Date: February 23, 2023 By /s/ Ronald S. Ohsberg 
 Ronald S. Ohsberg Senior Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (principal financial officer) Date: February 23, 2023 By /s/ Maria N. Janes 
 Maria N. Janes Executive Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer and Controller (principal accounting officer) 

-138- 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Date: February 23, 2023 /s/ John J. Bowen 
 John J. Bowen, Director Date: February 23, 2023 /s/ Steven J. Crandall 
 Steven J. Crandall, Director Date: February 23, 2023 /s/ Robert A. DiMuccio Robert A. DiMuccio, Director Date: February 23, 2023 /s/ Joseph P. Gencarella Joseph P. Gencarella, Director Date: February 23, 2023 /s/ Mark K.W. Gim Mark K.W. Gim, Director Date: February 23, 2023 /s/ Edward O. Handy III Edward O. Handy III, Director Date: February 23, 2023 /s/ Constance A. Howes Constance A. Howes, Director Date: February 23, 2023 /s/ Joseph J. MarcAurele Joseph J. MarcAurele, Director Date: February 23, 2023 /s/ Kathleen E. McKeough Kathleen E. McKeough, Director Date: February 23, 2023 /s/ Sandra Parrillo Sandra Parrillo, Director Date: February 23, 2023 /s/ John T. Ruggieri John T. Ruggieri, Director Date: February 23, 2023 /s/ Edwin J. Santos Edwin J. Santos, Director Date: February 23, 2023 /s/ Lisa M. Stanton Lisa M. Stanton, Director 

-139- 

<EX-10.24>
 2
 exhibit102410k2022q4.htm
 EX-10.24 TO FORM 10-K 12-31-2022

Document 

EXHIBIT 10.24 
 
 PERFORMANCE RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT 
 FOR EMPLOYEES 
 UNDER WASHINGTON TRUST BANCORP, INC. 
 2022 LONG TERM INCENTIVE PLAN 

Name of Grantee 
 #ParticipantName# No. of Restricted Stock Units #QuantityGranted# Grant Date #GrantDate# Vesting Date #VestDate_1# 

Pursuant to the Washington Trust Bancorp, Inc. 2022 Long Term Incentive Plan as amended through the date hereof (the Plan ), Washington Trust Bancorp, Inc. (the Company hereby grants an award of the number of Performance Restricted Stock Units listed above (an Award to the Grantee named above. Each Performance Restricted Stock Unit shall relate to one share of Common Stock, par value 0.0625 per share (the Stock ), of the Company. 
 
 1. Restrictions on Transfer of Award . This Award may not be sold, transferred, pledged, assigned or otherwise encumbered or disposed of by the Grantee, and any shares of Stock issuable with respect to the Award may not be sold, transferred, pledged, assigned or otherwise encumbered or disposed of until (i) the Performance Restricted Stock Units have vested as provided in Paragraph 2 of this Agreement and (ii) shares of Stock have been issued to the Grantee in accordance with the terms of the Plan and this Agreement. 
 
 2. Vesting of Performance Restricted Stock Units . The restrictions and conditions of Paragraph 1 of this Agreement shall lapse on the Vesting Date so long as the Grantee remains an employee of the Company or a Subsidiary on such Date, and subject to attainment of the Company s performance goals as set forth herein. 
 
 The actual number of shares of Stock earned by the Grantee (the Earned Shares will vary depending upon the Company s performance during the Performance Measurement Period with respect to core return on equity Core ROE and core earnings per share growth Core EPS Growth relative to Core ROE and Core EPS Growth for the same period of the Peer Group. Core ROE and Core EPS Growth performance have equal weighting in determining the number of shares of Stock earned. The Company s relative performance ranking in Core ROE and Core EPS Growth in each calendar year in the Performance Measurement Period will be averaged to determine the actual number of Earned Shares pursuant to the following table 
 
 Company's Performance 
 vs. Peer Group's Performance 
 Percentage of Target Shares Earned Below 25th percentile 0 25th Percentile 50 50th Percentile 100 75th Percentile 150 100th Percentile 200 
 
 The Company must achieve threshold performance at the 25th percentile for the applicable metric for any shares to become Earned Shares based on that metric. Payouts range from 50 to 200 of the target award based on a straight line interpolation for performance from the 25th percentile to the 100th percentile. 

Once performance results for the Company and the Peer Group are available, the Administrator shall certify performance achievement within ten (10) days. Upon certification by the Administrator and subject to continued employment of the Grantee by the Company through the Vesting Date, the Earned Shares shall be issued and delivered to the Grantee, either via book entry or actual stock certificates, and the Grantee s name shall be entered as the stockholder of record on the books of the Company, within ten (10) days following such certification or Vesting Date, if later. Thereupon, the Grantee shall have all the rights of a shareholder with respect to such Earned Shares, including voting and dividend rights. 
 
 For purposes of this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings 
 
 (a) Performance Measurement Period #MeasurementPeriod# . 
 Performance will be assessed for each calendar year in the Performance Measurement Period. 
 
 (b) Acceleration Event Date The date of the Grantee s death, termination due to Retirement, Permanent Disability, or a Change in Control of the Company. 
 
 (c) Shortened Performance Measurement Period The period from #PerformanceStart# through the Acceleration Event Date. Performance will be assessed as available for each year within the Shortened Performance Measurement Period. Calendar year performance will be used for each completed year and for any partial years, year-to-date performance through the completed calendar quarter immediately preceding or coinciding with the Acceleration Event Date will be used. Performance for a partial year will be weighted accordingly. 
 
 (d) Peer Group SNL Index of banks and thrifts located in New England and Mid-Atlantic with assets of #PeerGroupSize# as constituted at the end of the Performance Measurement Period or Shortened Performance Measurement Period, as applicable. 
 
 (e) Permanent Disability The Grantee is unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months or the Grantee is, by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months, receiving income replacement benefits for a period of not less than three months under an accident and health plan covering employees of the Company or a Subsidiary. 
 
 The Administrator may at any time accelerate the vesting schedule specified in this Paragraph 2. 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Grantee shall become vested in the Performance Restricted Stock Units prior to the Vesting Date in the following circumstances 
 
 (a) Notwithstanding anything in the Plan to the contrary, in the case of and subject to the consummation of a Sale Event prior to the end of the Performance Measurement Period, provided that the Grantee remains an employee of the Company or a Subsidiary through the date of such Sale Event, the Administrator shall determine the number of Earned Shares in accordance with the principles set forth in Paragraph 2 based upon the Company s performance relative to the Peer Group s during the Shortened Performance Measurement Period, or target if greater. In the case of and subject to the consummation of a Sale Event after the end of the Performance Measurement Period but prior to the Vesting Date, provided that the Grantee remains an employee of the Company or a Subsidiary through the date of such Sale Event, the Administrator shall determine the number of Earned Shares to be issued to the Grantee in accordance with the provisions of Paragraph 2. The requirement that the Grantee be employed by the Company through the Vesting Date shall be waived in the event of a Sale Event, provided that the Grantee must remain an employee of the Company or a Subsidiary through the date of the Sale Event. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event the Sale Event occurs prior to the completion of at least one full calendar quarter in the Shortened Performance Measurement Period no shares will become Earned Shares and no shares of Stock will be issued to the Grantee pursuant to this Award. 
 
 (b) In the event of the Grantee s death, provided that the Grantee was an employee of the Company or a Subsidiary immediately prior to the date of the Grantee s death, the following provisions shall apply. In the event of the Grantee s death prior to the end of the Performance Measurement Period, the Administrator shall determine the number of Earned Shares to be issued to the Grantee s beneficiary or estate in accordance with the principles set forth in Paragraph 2 based upon the Company s performance relative to the Peer Group s during the Shortened Performance Measurement Period. In the event of the Grantee s death after the end of the Performance Measurement Period but prior to the Vesting Date, the Administrator shall determine the number of Earned Shares to be issued to the Grantee s 

beneficiary or estate in accordance with the provisions of Paragraph 2. The requirement that the Grantee be employed by the Company through the Vesting Date shall be waived in the event of the Grantee s death, provided that the Grantee must remain an employee of the Company or a Subsidiary through immediately prior to the date of the Grantee s death. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event the Grantee dies prior to the completion of at least one full calendar quarter in the Shortened Performance Measurement Period, no shares will become Earned Shares and no Shares of Stock will be issued to the Grantee s beneficiary or estate pursuant to this Award. 
 
 (c) In the event of the Grantee s Retirement or Permanent Disability prior to the end of the Performance Measurement Period, the Administrator shall determine the number of Earned Shares to be issued in accordance with the principles set forth in Paragraph 2 based upon the Company s performance relative to the Peer Group s during the Shortened Performance Measurement Period. In the event of the Grantee s Retirement or Permanent Disability after the end of the Performance Measurement Period but prior to the Vesting Date, the Administrator shall determine the number of Earned Shares to be issued to the Grantee in accordance with the provisions of Paragraph 2. The requirement that the Grantee be employed by the Company through the Vesting Date shall be waived in the event of the Grantee s Retirement or Permanent Disability, provided that the Grantee must remain an employee of the Company or a Subsidiary through immediately prior to the date of the Grantee s Retirement or Permanent Disability. The actual number of shares of Stock to be issued to the Grantee pursuant to this Paragraph 2(c) shall be determined by multiplying the number of Earned Shares determined by the Administrator pursuant to the preceding sentences by a fraction, the numerator of which shall be the number of full calendar months from the Grant Date through the Grantee s Retirement or Permanent Disability, and the denominator of which shall be #VestingMonths# . For purposes of this Award, Retirement shall mean the Grantee s termination of employment with the Company or a Subsidiary after attaining age 65 or after attaining age 55 with at least ten years of service. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event the Grantee s Retirement or Permanent Disability occurs prior to the completion of at least one full calendar quarter in the Shortened Performance Measurement Period, no shares will become Earned Shares and no shares of Stock will be issued to the Grantee pursuant to this Award. 
 
 3. Termination of Employment Clawback . Except as set forth in Paragraph 2 above, if the Grantee s employment with the Company and its Subsidiaries terminates for any reason prior to the satisfaction of the vesting conditions set forth in Paragraph 2 above, any Performance Restricted Stock Units that have not vested as of such date shall automatically and without notice terminate and be forfeited, and neither the Grantee nor any of his successors, heirs, assigns, or personal representatives will thereafter have any further rights or interests in such unvested Performance Restricted Stock Units. If the Company is required to prepare an accounting restatement or due to the material noncompliance with any financial reporting requirement under the Federal securities laws, the Grantee is required to reimburse the Company for the value of shares of Stock issued under this Award that would not have been Earned Shares based on the restated financial results. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Grantee is or becomes an Executive Officer, as defined in the Washington Trust Bancorp, Inc. Incentive Compensation Clawback and Forfeiture Policy, the Performance Restricted Stock Units, any shares of Stock issued upon settlement of the Performance Restricted Stock Units, and any dividend equivalents pursuant to Paragraph 4 of this Agreement, shall be subject to the Clawback Policy. 
 
 4. Dividend Equivalents . Upon the issuance of shares of Stock to the Grantee pursuant to Paragraph 5 below, the Company shall also provide the Grantee with a lump sum cash payment in an amount equal to the amount of dividends per share paid by the Company from the Grant Date through the share issuance date multiplied by the number of shares of Stock actually issued to the Grantee. 
 
 5. Issuance of Shares of Stock . 
 
 (a) In general. Generally, shares will be delivered to the Grantee as provided in Paragraph 2 above. 
 
 (b) Death. In the case of the Grantee s death, the number of shares of Stock to be issued, determined in accordance with the provisions of Paragraph 2, shall be issued within 90 days of the Grantee s death or the date that the Administrator certifies the performance achievement of the Company, if later. 
 
 (c) Retirement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event the Grantee becomes vested in the Performance Restricted Stock Units on account of his Retirement, the number of shares of Stock to be issued, determined in accordance with the provisions of Paragraph 2, shall be issued within 90 days of the Grantee s Retirement but no later than the last day of the year in which such Retirement Occurs or, if later, by the 15 th day of the third calendar month following such Retirement provided, however, that if the Grantee is a specified employee within the meaning of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended and the regulations 

promulgated thereunder Section 409A upon his Retirement, the shares of Stock shall not be issued to the Grantee until the seventh month after the Grantee s separation from service within the meaning of Section 409A. 
 
 (d) Permanent Disability. If the Grantee becomes vested in the Performance Restricted Stock Units on account of his Permanent Disability, the number of shares of Stock to be issued, determined in accordance with the provisions of Paragraph 2, shall be issued within 90 days after the Grantee is determined to be Permanently Disabled. 
 
 (e) Sale Event. If a Sale Event qualifies as a change in control event within the meaning of Section 409A, Earned Shares (or cash equivalent if shares of Stock are no longer available) shall be issued to the Grantee immediately following the Sale Event, subject to certification of performance achievement of the Company within ten (10) days after performance results for the Company and the Peer Group become available. If a Sale Event does not qualify as a change in control event within the meaning of Section 409A, and subject to certification of performance achievement of the Company within ten (10) days after performance results for the Company and the Peer Group become available, the Earned Shares (or cash equivalent if shares of Stock are no longer available) shall be issued to the Grantee upon the earliest of (i) the Vesting Date, (ii) the Grantee s death, or (iii) the Grantee s separation from service within the meaning of Section 409A provided, however, that if the Grantee is a specified employee within the meaning of Section 409A upon his separation from service, the issuance shall be delayed until the seventh month after the Grantee s separation from service. 
 
 6. Incorporation of Plan . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, this Agreement shall be subject to and governed by all the terms and conditions of the Plan, including the powers of the Administrator set forth in Section 2(b) of the Plan. Capitalized terms in this Agreement shall have the meaning specified in the Plan, unless a different meaning is specified herein. 
 
 7. Tax Withholding . The Grantee shall, not later than the date as of which the receipt of this Award becomes a taxable event for Federal income tax purposes, pay to the Company or make arrangements satisfactory to the Administrator for payment of any Federal, state, and local taxes required by law to be withheld on account of such taxable event. The Company shall have the authority to cause the required tax withholding obligation to be satisfied, in whole or in part, by withholding from shares of Stock to be issued to the Grantee a number of shares of Stock with an aggregate Fair Market Value that would satisfy the withholding amount due. 
 
 8. Section 409A. This Agreement shall be interpreted in such a manner that all provisions relating to the settlement of the Award are exempt from the requirements of Section 409A as short-term deferrals as described in Section 409A, or otherwise compliant with Section 409A. 
 
 9. No Obligation to Continue Employment . Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is obligated by or as a result of the Plan or this Agreement to continue the Grantee in employment and neither the Plan nor this Agreement shall interfere in any way with the right of the Company or any Subsidiary to terminate the employment of the Grantee at any time. 
 
 10. Integration . This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties with respect to this Award and supersedes all prior agreements and discussions between the parties concerning such subject matter. 
 
 11. Data Privacy Consent . In order to administer the Plan and this Agreement and to implement or structure future equity grants, the Company, its subsidiaries and affiliates and certain agents thereof (together, the Relevant Companies may process any and all personal or professional data, including but not limited to Social Security or other identification number, home address and telephone number, date of birth and other information that is necessary or desirable for the administration of the Plan and or this Agreement (the Relevant Information ). By entering into this Agreement, the Grantee (i) authorizes the Company to collect, process, register and transfer to the Relevant Companies all Relevant Information (ii) waives any privacy rights the Grantee may have with respect to the Relevant Information (iii) authorizes the Relevant Companies to store and transmit such information in electronic form and (iv) authorizes the transfer of the Relevant Information to any jurisdiction in which the Relevant Companies consider appropriate. The Grantee shall have access to, and the right to change, the Relevant Information. Relevant Information will only be used in accordance with applicable law. 
 
 12. Notices . Notices hereunder shall be mailed or delivered to the Company at its principal place of business and shall be mailed or delivered to the Grantee at the address on file with the Company or, in either case, at such other address as one party may subsequently furnish to the other party in writing. 

WASHINGTON TRUST BANCORP, INC. 
 By 
 Edwin J. Santos, Chairperson Compensation and Human Resources Committee 

The foregoing Agreement is hereby accepted and the terms and conditions thereof hereby agreed to by the undersigned. Electronic acceptance of this Agreement pursuant to the Company s instructions to the Grantee (including through an online acceptance process) is acceptable. 

Dated #AcceptanceDate 
 #Signature# Optionee s Signature 
 #ParticipantName# 

</EX-10.24>

<EX-10.68>
 3
 exhibit106810k2022q4.htm
 EX-10.68 TO FORM 10-K 12-31-2022

Document 

EXHIBIT 10.68 
 
 TERMS OF PERFORMANCE RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT 
 WITH CERTAIN EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 
 
 The Form of Performance Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (the Agreement ), filed as Exhibit 10.24 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, contains blanks where the name of grantee, number of performance restricted stock units, grant date, vesting date, performance measurement period, shortened performance measurement period start date, peer group size and number of months in the vesting term provided under the Agreement vary for each executive. 
 
 On January 24, 2023, performance restricted stock units were granted providing certain executives the opportunity to earn common stock, the number of which is determined pursuant to, and subject to the attainment of performance goals, relative to a peer group of publicly-traded banks and thrifts located in New England and Mid-Atlantic with assets of 2.5 billion to 12.5 billion, excluding institutions in Puerto Rico. The performance restricted stock units were granted with a cliff-vesting term of 36 months and vest on January 24, 2026. The performance period start date was January 1, 2023 thereby making the performance period January 1, 2023 through December 31, 2025. The number of performance restricted stock units for each executive awarded these units on January 24, 2023 is listed below. 
 Executive Officer Number of performance restricted stock units Edward O. Handy III 9,510 Ronald S. Ohsberg 3,520 Kristen L. DiSanto 3,110 Debra A. Gormley 3,110 Mary E. Noons 4,230 Kathleen A. Ryan 3,110 William K. Wray 3,110 Dennis L. Algiere 2,250 Maria N. Janes 2,250 

</EX-10.68>

<EX-21.1>
 4
 exhibit21110k2022q4.htm
 EX-21.1 TO FORM 10-K 12-31-2022

Document 

EXHIBIT 21.1 
 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT 

Name of Subsidiary State of Incorporation The Washington Trust Company, of Westerly Rhode Island WT Capital Trust I Delaware WT Capital Trust II Delaware 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 5
 exhibit23110k2022q4.htm
 EX-23.1 TO FORM 10-K 12-31-2022

Document 

EXHIBIT 23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement Nos. 333-107141, 333-72277, 333-48315, 333-13167, 033-23048, 333-146388, 333-160298, 333-188076 and 333-264484 on Form S-8 and Nos. 333-13821, 033-28065, 333-42502, 333-154521, 333-220978 and 333-249222 on Form S-3 of Washington Trust Bancorp, Inc. of our report dated February 23, 2023 relating to the financial statements and effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

s Crowe LLP 

Grand Rapids, Michigan 
 February 23, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 exhibit31110k2022q4.htm
 EX-31.1 TO FORM 10-K 12-31-2022

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Edward O. Handy III, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Washington Trust Bancorp, Inc., certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K, for the period ended December 31, 2022, of Washington Trust Bancorp, Inc. (the Registrant 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have 
 (a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during 
 (e) the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant's fourth quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 23, 2023 By s Edward O. Handy III Edward O. Handy III Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 exhibit31210k2022q4.htm
 EX-31.2 TO FORM 10-K 12-31-2022

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Ronald S. Ohsberg, Senior Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of Washington Trust Bancorp, Inc., certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K, for the period ended December 31, 2022, of Washington Trust Bancorp, Inc. (the Registrant 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have 
 (a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant's fourth quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 23, 2023 By s Ronald S. Ohsberg Ronald S. Ohsberg Senior Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (principal financial officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 exhibit32110k2022q4.htm
 EX-32.1 TO FORM 10-K 12-31-2022

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 The undersigned officer of Washington Trust Bancorp, Inc. (the Corporation ), hereby certifies that the Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 to which this certification is attached (the Report ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and that the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Corporation. 
 Date February 23, 2023 By s Edward O. Handy III Edward O. Handy III Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) 

The undersigned officer of Washington Trust Bancorp, Inc. (the Corporation ), hereby certifies that the Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 to which this certification is attached (the Report ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and that the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Corporation. 
 Date February 23, 2023 By s Ronald S. Ohsberg Ronald S. Ohsberg Senior Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (principal financial officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 wash-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 wash-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 wash-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 wash-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 wash-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

