<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1811109_0001607062-23-000168.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7587350</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>336606</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1343903</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2297395</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1611712</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1794412</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001607062-23-000168.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331170605
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001607062-23-000168
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		90
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Applied UV, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001811109
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRIC LIGHTING & WIRING EQUIPMENT [3640]
		IRS NUMBER:				844373308
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39480
		FILM NUMBER:		23789020

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		150 N. MACQUESTEN PKWY
		CITY:			MOUNT VERNON
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10550
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9292073751

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		150 N. MACQUESTEN PKWY
		CITY:			MOUNT VERNON
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10550

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001607062-23-000168.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 auvi123122form10k.htm
 10-K

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the Fiscal Year Ended , 2022 

 Or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from _____ to _____ 

Commission
File Number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer Identification No.) 

, 

Address,
including zip code, of registrant s principal executive offices and 

 telephone
number, including area code) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of Each Class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

The
 Stock Market LLC 

The
 Stock Market LLC 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

 Yes: 
 : 

 Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 

 Yes:
 : 

 Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

 : 
No: 

 Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405
of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). 

 : 
 No: 

 Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company, in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer
 
 Accelerated filer

Smaller reporting company

Emerging
 Growth Company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

 Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of
its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C.7262(b)) by the registered public
accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

 Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule12b-2 of the Act). 

 Yes: 
 : 

 The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2022 was approximately
 . 

 At
March 31, 2023, the registrant had shares of common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, outstanding. 

1 

Table
of Contents 

Page 
 
 PART
 I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 6 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk
 Factors 
 9 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved
 Staff Comments 
 32 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 32 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal
 Proceedings 
 32 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine
 Safety Disclosures 
 32 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market
 for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 33 
 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 34 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 35 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative
 and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 40 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial
 Statements and Supplementary Data 
 41 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes
 in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 76 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls
 and Procedures 
 76 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other
 Information 
 77 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 77 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors,
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 78 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive
 Compensation 
 82 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security
 Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 85 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain
 Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 86 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal
 Accounting Fees and Services 
 86 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits,
 Financial Statement Schedules 
 87 
 
 Item
 16. 
 Form
 10-K Summary 
 87 

2 

SPECIAL
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

 This
report contains forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements are contained principally in the sections entitled Business, 
and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. These statements involve
known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially
different from any future results, performances or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. In some cases,
you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as anticipates, believes, could, estimates, 
 expects, intends, may, plans, potential, predicts, 
 projects, should, would, and similar expressions intended to identify forward-looking statements.
Forward-looking statements reflect our current views with respect to future events and are based on assumptions and subject to risks and
uncertainties. You should read these factors and the other cautionary statements made in this report and in the documents we incorporate
by reference into this report as being applicable to all related forward-looking statements wherever they appear in this report or the
documents we incorporate by reference into this report. If one or more of these factors materialize, or if any underlying assumptions
prove incorrect, our actual results, performance or achievements may vary materially from any future results, performance or achievements
expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. 

 Given
these uncertainties, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements include,
among other things, statements relating to: 

our ability to continue as a going concern; 

our ability to successfully integrate our recent acquisitions into our overall business; 

our
 ability to secure sufficient funding and alternative source of funding to support our current and proposed operations, which could be
 more difficult in light of the negative impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on investor sentiment and investing ability; 

our
 anticipated growth strategies and our ability to manage the expansion of our business operations effectively; 

our
 ability to maintain or increase our market share in the competitive markets in which we do business; 

our
 ability to grow net revenue and increase our gross profit margin; 

our
 ability to keep up with rapidly changing technologies and evolving industry standards, including our ability to achieve technological
 advances; 

our
 dependence on the growth in demand for our products; 

our
 ability to compete with larger companies with far greater resources than we have; 

our
 continued ability to obtain raw materials and other supplies for our products at competitive prices and on a timely basis, particularly
 in light of the potential impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our suppliers and supply chain; 

our
 ability to diversify our product offerings and capture new market opportunities; 

our
 ability to source our needs for skilled labor, machinery, parts, and raw materials economically; 

our
 ability to retain key members of our senior management; 

our
 ability to continue to operate safely and effectively during the COVID-19 pandemic; and 

our
 ability to maintain our listing on The Nasdaq Capital Markets. 

Also,
forward-looking statements represent our estimates and assumptions only as of the date of this report. You should read this report and
the documents that we reference and file as exhibits to this report completely and with the understanding that our actual future results
may be materially different from what we expect. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements
publicly, or to update the reasons actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in any forward-looking statements, even
if new information becomes available in the future. 

3 

Use
of Certain Defined Terms 

 Except
where the context otherwise requires and for the purposes of this report only: 

the
 Company, Applied UV, we, us, and our refer to the combined business
 of Applied UV, Inc., a Delaware corporation and its wholly-owned subsidiaries, SteriLumen, Inc., a New York corporation SteriLumen and Munn Works, LLC, a New York limited liability company MunnWorks ). 

Exchange
 Act refers the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; 

SEC 
 refers to the Securities and Exchange Commission; and 

Securities
 Act refers to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

SUMMARY
OF RISK FACTORS 

 Our
business is subject to a number of risks. You should be aware of these risks before making an investment decision. These risks are discussed
more fully in Item 1A Risk Factors in this Annual Report. These risks include, among others, that: 

We
 operate through SteriLumen and MunnWorks and our only current source of revenue is distributions from our subsidiaries. SteriLumen has
 incurred losses since its inception and we anticipate it will continue to incur significant losses for the foreseeable future and revenue
 from MunnWorks may not be sufficient to offset those loses; 

We
 could need to raise additional capital in the future, and if we are unable to secure adequate funds on terms acceptable to us, we could
 be unable to execute our business plan; 

Our
 suppliers may not supply us with a sufficient amount or adequate quality of materials; 

Our
 reliance on third parties requires us to share our trade secrets, which increases the possibility that a competitor will discover them
 or that our trade secrets will be misappropriated or disclosed; 

We
 could be subject to significant warranty obligations if our products are defective; 

Product
 liability claims against us could be costly and could harm our reputation; 

If
 we lose our key management personnel, or are unable to attract or retain qualified personnel, it could adversely affect our ability to
 execute our growth strategy; 

Climate
 change initiatives could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations; 

Our
 financial controls and procedures may not be sufficient to ensure timely and reliable reporting of financial information, which, as a
 public company, could materially harm our stock price; 

The
 air purification market is fragmented and competitive and we may not be able to compete successfully with our existing competitors or
 new entrants into the markets we serve; 

If
 we are unable to execute our plan to distribute SteriLumen s Airocide products, we may not be able to generate revenues and your
 investment could be materially adversely affected; 

We
 are subject to significant regulatory oversight and changes in applicable regulatory requirements could adversely affect our business; 

4 

SteriLumen s
 Scientific Air business is highly dependent on a sole distributor and any disruption in their operations could have a material adverse
 effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition; 

SteriLumen s
 business is highly dependent on market perceptions of it and the safety and quality of its products; 

Rapidly
 changing standards and competing technologies could harm demand for our products; 

We
 could be unable to effectively manage and implement our growth strategies, which could have a material adverse effect on our business,
 financial condition, and results of operations; 

International
 sales may comprise a significant portion of SteriLumen s revenues and will be subject to risks associated with operating in domestic
 and international markets; 

SteriLumen s
 collaborations with outside scientists and consultants may be subject to restriction and change; 

The
 custom design decorative framed mirror supply market is highly competitive; 

MunnWorks 
 possible failure to develop new products or respond to changing consumer preferences and purchasing practices could have a material adverse
 effect; 

MunnWorks 
 business is highly dependent on market perceptions of it and the quality of its products; 

If
 the patents that we own or license, or our other intellectual property rights, do not adequately protect our technologies, we could lose
 market share to our competitors and be unable to operate our business profitably; 

Changes
 in U.S. patent law could diminish the value of patents in general; 

Our
 directors and officers beneficially will own more than 50 of the voting power of our voting stock and will be able to exert a controlling
 influence over our business affairs and matters submitted to stockholders for approval; 

We
 have not paid dividends on our Common Stock in the past and do not expect to pay dividends on our Common Stock in the future, and any
 return on investment may be limited to the value of our stock; and 

Provisions
 of our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation could delay or prevent the acquisition or sale of our business. 

We
 expect that we will need to raise additional capital, and raising additional funds by issuing additional equity securities or with additional
 debt financing may cause dilution to shareholders or restrict our operations; 

The
 Series A Preferred Stock ranks junior to all of our indebtedness and other liabilities; 

The
 Series A Preferred Stock will be effectively subordinated to the obligations of our subsidiaries; 

A
 holder of Series A Preferred Stock has essentially no voting rights; 

If
 we are not paying full dividends on any future dividend parity stock, we will not be able to pay full dividends on the Series A Preferred
 Stock; 

5 

PART
I 

 Item
1. Business 

 Corporate
History 

 Applied
UV, Inc. AUVI is a leading sales and marketing company that develops, acquires, markets and sells proprietary surface
and air disinfection technology focused on Improving Indoor Air Quality (IAQ), specialty LED lighting and luxury mirrors and commercial
furnishings, all of which serves clients globally in the healthcare, commercial public venue, hospitality, food preservation, cannabis,
education, and winery vertical markets. 

 With
its established strategic manufacturing partnerships and alliances including Canon, Acuity, Johnson Controls, USHIO, Siemens, Grainger,
and a global network of 89 dealers and distributors in 52 countries, 47 manufacturing representatives, and 19 US based internal sales
representatives, AUVI offers a complete suite of products through its two wholly owned subsidiaries - SteriLumen, Inc. SteriLumen and Munn Works, LLC MunnWorks ). 

 SteriLumen
owns, brands, and markets a portfolio of research backed and clinically proven products utilizing advanced UVC Carbon, Broad Spectrum
UVC LED s, and Photo-catalytic oxidation (PCO) pathogen elimination technology, branded as Airocide , Scientific Air ,
Airoclean 420, Lumicide , PUROAir, PUROHealth, PURONet, and LED Supply Company. Sterilumen s proprietary
platform suite of patented surface and air technologies offers one of the most complete pathogen disinfection platforms including mobile,
fixed, and HVAC systems and software solutions interconnecting its entire portfolio suite into the IoT, allowing customers to implement,
manage and monitor IAQ measures recommended by the EPA across any enterprise. Additionally, the Lumicide platform applies the power
of ultraviolet light (UVC) to destroy pathogens automatically, addressing the challenge of healthcare-acquired infections HAI s)
in several patented designs for infection control in healthcare. LED Supply Company is a full-service,
wholesale distributor of LED lighting and controls throughout North America. MunnWorks manufactures and sells custom luxury and
backlit mirrors, conference room and living spaces furnishings. 

 Our
global list of Fortune 100 end users including Kaiser Permanente, NY Health+Hospitals, MERCY Healthcare, University of Chicago Medical,
Baptist Health South Florida, New York City Transit, Samsung, JB Hunt, Boston Red Sox s Fenway Park, JetBlue Park, France s
Palace of Versailles, Whole Foods, Del Monte Foods, U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs, Marriott, Hilton, Four Seasons and Hyatt, and
more. For information on Applied UV, Inc., and its subsidiaries, please visit https://www.applieduvinc.com 

 Air Disinfection
Solutions LED Lighting: Airocide, Scientific Air, PURO and LED Supply Co. 

 In
February of 2021, the Company acquired all the assets and assumed certain liabilities of Akida Holdings, LLC Akida ). At
the time of the acquisition, Akida owned the Airocide system of air purification technologies, originally developed for NASA with
assistance from the University of Wisconsin at Madison, that uses a combination of UVC and a proprietary, titanium dioxide based photocatalyst
that has helped to accelerate the reopening of the global economy with applications in the hospitality, hotel, healthcare, nursing home,
grocer, wine, commercial building and retail sectors. The Airocide system has been used by brands such as NASA, Whole Foods, Dole,
Chiquita, Opus One, Sub-Zero Refrigerators and Robert Mondavi Wines. Akida had contracted KES Science Technology, Inc. KES to manufacture, warehouse and distribute the Airocide system and Akida s contractual relationship with KES was assigned to
and assumed by the Company as part of the acquisition. 

 On
September 28, 2021, the Company acquired all the assets and assumed certain liabilities of KES. At the time of the acquisition, KES was
principally engaged in the manufacturing and distribution of the Airocide system of air purification technologies and misting systems.
KES also had the exclusive right to the sale and distribution of the Airocide system in certain markets. This acquisition consolidated
all of manufacturing, sale and distribution of the Airocide system under the SteriLumen brand and expanded the Company s
market presence in food distribution, post-harvest produce, wineries, and retail sectors. The Company sells its products throughout the
United States, Canada, and Europe. 

6 

The
Airocide system of air purification technologies, originally developed for the National Aeronautics and Space Administration NASA with assistance from the University of Wisconsin at Madison, uses a combination of UVC and a proprietary, titanium dioxide based photocatalyst
to eliminate airborne bacteria, mold, fungi, viruses, volatile organic compounds and many odors. The core Airocide technology has
been in use on the International Space Station and is based on photo-catalytic oxidation (PCO), a bioconversion process that continuously
converts damaging molds, microorganisms, dangerous pathogens, destructive volatile organic chemicals (VOCs) and biological gasses into
harmless water vapor. Unlike other air purification systems that provide active air cleaning, ozone producing systems, ionization
or photo-electrochemical oxidation , Airocide s nanocoating technology permanently bonds titanium dioxide to
the surface of the catalytic bed. This permits the perpetual generation of surface-bound (OH-) radicals over the large surface area created
by their advanced geometric design and prevents the generation and release of ozone and other harmful byproducts. The proprietary formulation
and methods for creating the catalyst are the basis of Airocide s competitive advantage, making it the only consistently
robust, highly effective, ozone free PCO technology on the market. Airocide has been tested over the past 12 years by governmental
agencies such as NASA, the National Renewable Energy Laboratory, independent universities including the University of Wisconsin, Texas
Tech University, and Texas A M, as well as air quality science laboratories. Airocide technology is listed as a FDA Class II
Medical Device, making it a suitable for providing medical grade air purification in critical hospital use cases. Airocide Product
lines include APS (consumer units), the GCS and HD lines (commercial units that will include the Sterilumen App to bring connectivity,
reporting and asset management to our suite of products). The APS series provides true choice, low maintenance filter-less PCO or a filtered
PCO air purification option ideal for restaurants, conference rooms, residential and small business or home office spaces. The GCS series
is suitable for larger public spaces and enclosed rooms that may have high occupancy such as offices, waiting rooms and hotel lobbies,
and airport gate areas. The HD series is the most powerful, providing two-stage purification for fast sanitization of larger or industrial
spaces such as sporting venues and locker rooms, airports, museums, winery cellars, warehouses, and food-processing facilities. All Airocide 
products also extend the life of any perishables like fruit, produce or flowers. 

 On
October 13, 2021, we acquired substantially all of the assets of Old SAM Partners, LLC F/K/A Scientific Air Management, LLC Old
SAM ), which owned a line of air purification technologies Scientific Air ). The Scientific Air product line uses
a combination of UVC and a proprietary, patented system to eliminate airborne bacteria, mold, fungi, viruses, volatile organic compounds,
and many odors without producing any harmful by-products. Scientific Air s products are well suited for larger spaces within a facility
due to the higher air flow of these units. The units are also mobile with industrial grade casters, allowing for movement throughout a
facility to address increased bio burden from larger meetings or increased human traffic. Both of these key items extend our Airocide
line, creating a comprehensive air disinfection portfolio that spans from small to large spaces and mobile applications. Scientific Air s
products are currently sold predominantly in North America and into the healthcare market. 

 PURO
Lighting 

 On
January 26, 2023 we acquired PURO Lighting LLC PURO and its operating subsidiaries (the PURO Acquisition pursuant to an agreement and plan of merger dated December 19, 2022 (the PURO Merger Agreement for (i) 4,056,789 in the
obligations to pay certain PURO debt and transaction costs, (ii) 2,497,220 shares of our common stock, (iii) 251,108 shares of our 5 
Series C Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, par value 0.0001 per share (the Series C Preferred Stock and (iv) the payment
to PURO former equity interest holders of earnout payments on the terms and conditions described in the PURO Merger Agreement. 

 PURO
Lighting was founded in 2019 with the goal of using light technology to promote health and wellness within spaces. Today PURO provides
a suite of UV disinfection systems that have the ability to disinfect air and surfaces in commercial and industrial spaces. They focus
their sales efforts in three primary verticals: Education, Government, and Healthcare. The acquisition of Puro Lighting, LLC adds
PUROHealth and PURONet - a powerful suite of products used in education, government, and healthcare that incorporates UV Lighting and
a HVAC monitoring software platform. With its UL listed and patented portfolio of independently tested (Resonova Labs) synergistic surface
and air disinfection technologies that help facility managers protect against multiple pathogens; PURO opens new opportunities for cross
marketing sales to existing distribution channels. Additionally, the potential to inter-connect our entire portfolio of disinfection technology
solutions into the IoT will provide our customers with both products and smart tools to manage and monitor indoor air quality (IAQ) across
any enterprise. Applied UV s proprietary platform suite of patented technologies offers the most complete pathogen disinfection
platform including mobile, fixed and HVAC systems and solutions allowing companies to implement the IAQ measures recommended by the EPA. 
PURO boast a strong domestic sales network with reps in 43 states, and distribution in all 50 states. Their product offerings encompass
a range of innovative solutions, including UVC systems for air handling, in-room continuous disinfection using cutting-edge Far-UVC technology,
and specialized surface disinfection solutions designed specifically for the healthcare industry. 

 The
Puro Acquisition further positions the Company to address a growing air disinfection market trend that aligns with the White House Clean
Air Initiatives implemented during the height of the COVID 19 Pandemic designed to protect consumers and businesses against existing
and future airborne pathogens allowing economies globally to remain open. The merged entities have proven applications that can now be
included in improving indoor air quality (IAQ) at the facility level including HVAV systems in public, government, municipal, retail spaces
and buildings. The Puro Acquisition positions Applied UV to be one of the only companies in the world to offer a complete air and surface
disinfection platform that includes consumer, fixed and mobile, and commercial applications that are research backed, clinically tested
and that are used by global Fortune 100 end users in multiple verticals. 

7 

LED
Supply Company 

 On
January 26, 2023 we acquired LED Supply Co. LLC LED and its operating subsidiaries (the LED Acquisition pursuant to an agreement and plan of merger dated December 19, 2022 (the LED Merger Agreement for (i) 2,364,657 in the
obligations to pay certain LED debt and transaction costs, (ii) 1,377,777 shares of our common stock, (iii) 148,888 shares of our 5 Series
C Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, par value 0.0001 per share (the Series C Preferred Stock and (iv) the payment
to LED former equity interest holders of earnout payments on the terms and conditions described in the LED Merger Agreement. 

 Founded
in 2009, LED Supply Company is a national, Colorado-based company that provides design, distribution, and implementation services for
lighting, controls and smart building technologies. LED Supply Co continues to expand its market reach with a focus on new types of energy
efficiency and sustainable technologies. Along with its robust e-commerce component, LED Supply Company has recently taken the next
step in revenue growth by repositioning itself as a preferred supplier for not only the latest in LED technologies, but the source for
emerging technologies and product categories that the construction and retrofit market need; from electric vehicle charging to smart home
technology, emergency and safety equipment, and much more. 

 We
see synergies across our entire air and surface disinfection portfolio. First, we look to leverage Airocide s global distribution
capabilities to facilitate the sale of Scientific Air s and PURO s offerings internationally. Second, we look to leverage
PURO s strength in healthcare to pull through existing Airocide units, creating a broad healthcare product line, from small
clinics, patient rooms and doctor s offices to larger spaces such as nursing stations, waiting rooms and cafeterias. Third, we look
to leverage the national MunnWorks hospitality reach with leading luxury hotel chain operators to pull through our entire air and surface
disinfection portfolio (Airocide and Lumicide as well as PURO s offerings into future hotel, condo and other renovation,
upgrade and remodeling projects. Fourth, the Company will look to work with Canon Virginias (CVI) extensive field support team
to promote the sale of the Companys products as well as service capabilities. Finally, we look to incorporate the PUROAir,
PUROHealth and PURONet (a powerful suite of products used in healthcare that incorporates UV Lighting and a HVAC monitoring software
platform) into our IoT integration plans via the Sterilumen App across our entire platform connecting all our units, thereby creating
a leading smart asset management, reporting, and control system tool that can be incorporated across all enterprises. 

 Market
Opportunity 

 According
to Research
and Markets, the UV Disinfection market is expected to reach 9 billion by 2027 as technology continues to improve and the focus
on stopping the spread of contagious diseases increases. The Center for Disease Control states that 1 in 25 patients have at least one
Hospital Associated Infection (HAI) annually and that 3 million serious infections occur every year in long-term care facilities. Losses
from contagious infections, pathogens, and viruses cost the U.S. economy more than 270B every year as per the CDC: 28B
lost through HAI 225B
in lost productivity due to absenteeism; and 25B
in losses due to Student/Teacher absenteeism. Scientists globally have been advocating improving air quality post pandemic, significantly
boosting global adoption to control airborne pathogen transmission. Governments globally mandating health agencies to
address improving indoor air quality (IAQ) via grants and mechanisms to ease visitation and protect facilities against future pathogens
(Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services CMS, February 2022 Long-term Care Initiative April 2022 WH Clean
Air Initiatives). 

 Indoor
air quality (IAQ) has become an even more important issue as world economies transition beyond the COVID 19 pandemic. In 2021, 39 scientists reiterated
the need for a paradigm shift and called for improvements in, how we view and address the transmission of respiratory
infections to protect against unnecessary suffering and economic losses. In mid 2022 we began to see this seismic shift from
pandemic related mobile apparatuses to complete systems within systems for facilities designed to monitor, improve, and report on a more
permanent basis. While there are opportunities for mobile systems, our emphasis will be on this growing market trend. 

 In
addition to this, the global
air purifier market size is set to grow exponentially. It was valued at 9.24 billion in 2021 and is predicted to grow to approximately
 22.84 billion by 2030. According to Precedence Research, the immense demand for air purification and sterilization in the US will be
driven by the commercial sector. 

 Sterilumen s
product portfolio is one of the only research-backed, clinically proven pure-play air and surface disinfection technology companies with
international distribution and globally recognized end users, with product developed for NASA. In addition to the numerous recognized
research institutions and globally recognized names who published the reports that were completed by the acquired companies, Airocide
was independently proven to kill SARS, MERSA and Anthrax. Sterilumen s air purification (Airocide, Scientific Air PURO
Lighting) and surface disinfection (Lumicide) were independently tested and proven to kill both Candida Auris (Resinnova Laboratories)
and SARS CoV-2 (COVID-19) (MRIGlobal), MRSA (Resinnova Laboratories), Salmonella enterica (Resonnova Laboratories) and Escherichia coli
(Resinnova Laboratories). 

 Our
goal is to build a company that successfully designs, develops, and markets our air and surface disinfection solutions that will enable
US and global economies to implement Clean Air initiatives aimed at improving indoor air quality (IAQ) as recommended by
the US Government s EPA. We will seek to achieve this goal by having our products actively involved in the following activities: 

 Focus
on key target verticals that have proven business use cases including : 

Food Preservation 

Healthcare 

Winery 

Hospitality 

Schools 

Cannabis 

Correctional Facilities 

Dental and Long-Term
Care 

In
addition to further developing Airocide, Scientific Air, PURO, Lumicide and LED Supply specific sales efforts, we intend to leverage
the Company s hospitality business (MunnWorks) for cross-selling opportunities of our air purification and surface disinfectant
solutions and products. Our initial research indicates that the key stakeholders in this market value the asset management and reporting
capabilities of our platform and provide key points of differentiation. 

Expand our global
distributor channels into new markets not currently served. 

Continue scientific
validation through lab testing and data from real world deployments; publish case studies in peer reviewed journals. 

Manufacturing

In
an effort to improve operationally, after analyzing each of the points in our supply chain to tighten integration to optimize inventory,
improve quality control, and mitigate against supply chain disruptions that were witnessed globally throughout the pandemic, on
December 18 th , 2022, Applied UV announced that it has signed a strategic manufacturing and related services agreement with
Canon Virginia, Inc., CVI a global manufacturing, engineering and technical operation for the Canon family and a wholly
owned subsidiary of Canon U.S.A, Inc. The agreement establishes CVI s status as the primary manufacturer, assembler, and logistical
authority for Applied UV s entire suite of air purification solutions. The Manufacturing Agreement, the first of a series of anticipated
agreements, enables the Company to leverage the resources of CVI s two million-square-foot state-of-the-art engineering, manufacturing,
and distribution facility. Applied UV plans to leverage CVI s almost 40 years of innovative and efficient production
methods to manufacture the Company s patented, FDA Class II Listed Airocide PCO commercial and consumer devices, as well as the
patented advanced Activated Carbon UVC and HEPA Mobile disinfection Scientific Air portfolio. From an R D perspective,
working closely with Canon, we are also beginning to formulate our new product roadmap and making substantial improvements to our entire
line of mobile and fixed air purification products, further differentiating our patented PCO and UVC Carbon based solutions from that
of our competition. Applied UV also plans to collaborate with Canon Financial Services, Inc. to enable better cash flow management
in regard to its growing supply chain requirements. Further, the Company will look to work with CVI s extensive field support team
to promote the sale of the Company s products, as well as service capabilities. 

 Employees 

 As of December
31, 2022, we had 115 employees. 

 Corporate
Information 

 Our
principal executive offices are located at 150 N. Macquesten Parkway, Mount Vernon, NY 10550. Our website address is www.applieduvinc.com. 

8 

I tem
 1a. R isk Factors. 

 Investing
in our common stock is highly speculative and involves a significant degree of risk. Before you invest in our securities, you should give
careful consideration to the following risk factors, in addition to the other information included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K,
including our financial statements and related notes, before deciding whether to invest in our securities. The occurrence of any of the
adverse developments described in the following risk factors could materially and adversely harm our business, financial condition, results
of operations or prospects. In that case, the trading price of our common stock could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. 

 Risks
Related to Our Business and Operations 

 The
Company operates through its subsidiaries and its only material assets are its equity interests in those subsidiaries. As a result, our
only current source of revenue is distributions from our subsidiaries, and all of its subsidiaries have been incurring losses and may
continue to incur losses in the future. 

 The
Company is a holding company for SteriLumen, MunnWorks, Puro, and LED Supply, and has no material assets other than its equity interests
in those subsidiaries. Therefore, the only current revenue source is future distributions from its subsidiaries. SteriLumen is an early-stage
designer and marketer of disinfection systems with limited operating history spanning from December 2016. We expect negative cash flows
from SteriLumen s operations for the foreseeable future. Our cash expenses will be highly dependent on the product development programs
that SteriLumen chooses to pursue, the progress of these product development programs, the results of SteriLumen s validation/marketing
studies, the terms and conditions of SteriLumen s contracts with service providers and manufacturing contractors, and the terms
of recruitment of facilities in our validation/marketing studies. In addition, the continuation of SteriLumen s validation/marketing
studies. Failure to raise capital as and when needed, on favorable terms or at all, would have a negative impact on our financial condition
and SteriLumen s ability to develop its product candidates. 

 SteriLumen
has devoted substantially all of its financial resources to develop its product candidates. SteriLumen has financed its operations primarily
through the contributions of its founders. The amount of SteriLumen s future net losses will depend, in part, on the development
of adequate distribution channels for the Disinfecting System, the demand for the Disinfecting System, the rate of its future expenditures
and our ability to obtain funding through the issuance of our securities, strategic collaborations or grants. Disinfection product development
is a highly speculative undertaking and involves a substantial degree of risk. Its future revenue will depend upon its ability to achieve
sufficient market acceptance, pricing, the performance of its independent sales representatives and its manufacturing and distribution
suppliers. 

 We
anticipate that SteriLumen s expenses will increase substantially if and as SteriLumen: 

continues
 the research and development of the Disinfecting System and other disinfecting products; 

expands
 the scope of its testing for the Disinfecting System and other disinfecting products; 

establishes
 a sales, marketing, and distribution infrastructure to commercialize its product candidates; 

seeks
 to maintain, protect, and expand its intellectual property portfolio; 

seeks
 to attract and retain skilled personnel; and 

creates
 additional infrastructure to support its product candidate development and planned future commercialization efforts. 

Furthermore,
any additional fundraising efforts may divert our management from our subsidiaries day-to-day activities, which may adversely affect
our ability to develop and commercialize their product candidates. In addition, we cannot guarantee that future financing will be available
in sufficient amounts or on terms acceptable to us, if at all. Moreover, the terms of any financing may adversely affect the holdings
or the rights of holders of our securities and the issuance of additional securities, whether equity or debt, by us, or the possibility
of such issuance, may cause the market price of our shares to decline. The incurrence of indebtedness could result in increased fixed
payment obligations, and we may be required to agree to certain restrictive covenants, such as limitations on our ability to incur additional
debt, limitations on our ability to acquire, sell or license intellectual property rights and other operating restrictions that could
adversely affect our ability to conduct our business. We could also be required to seek funds through arrangements with collaborative
partners or otherwise at an earlier stage than otherwise would be desirable, and we may be required to relinquish rights to some of our
technologies or product candidates or otherwise agree to terms unfavorable to us, any of which may have a material adverse effect on our
business, operating results, and prospects. Even if we believe that we have sufficient funds for our current or future operating plans,
we may seek additional capital if market conditions are favorable or if we have specific strategic considerations. 

9 

If
we are unable to obtain funding on a timely basis, we may be required to significantly curtail, delay or discontinue one or more of our
research or development programs or the commercialization of any product candidates or be unable to expand our operations or otherwise
capitalize on our business opportunities, as desired, which could materially affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

 The
pandemic caused by the spread of the Coronavirus could have an adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations and
other aspects of our business. 

 In
December 2019, a novel strain of Coronavirus was reported to have surfaced in Wuhan, China. The virus has since spread to over 150 countries
and every state in the United States. On January 30, 2020, the World Health Organization declared the outbreak of Coronavirus a Public
Health Emergency of International Concern . On March 11, 2020, the World Health Organization declared the outbreak a pandemic, and
on March 13, 2020, the United States declared a national emergency. 

 The
spread of the virus in many countries continues to adversely impact global economic activity and has contributed to significant volatility
and negative pressure in financial markets and supply chains. The pandemic has had, and could have a significantly greater, material adverse
effect on the U.S. economy where we conduct a majority of our business. The pandemic has resulted, and may continue to result for an extended
period, in significant disruption of global financial markets, which may reduce our ability to access capital in the future, which could
negatively affect our liquidity. 

Most
states and cities have reacted by instituting quarantines, restrictions on travel, stay at home and social distancing 
rules and restrictions on the types of businesses that may continue to operate, as well as guidance in response to the pandemic and the
need to contain it. 

 We
have taken steps to take care of our employees, including providing the ability for employees to work remotely and implementing strategies
to support appropriate social distancing techniques for those employees who are not able to work remotely. We have also taken precautions
with regard to employee, facility, and office hygiene as well as implementing significant travel restrictions. We are also assessing our
business continuity plans for all business units in the context of the pandemic. This is a rapidly evolving situation, and we will continue
to monitor and mitigate developments affecting our workforce, our suppliers, our customers, and the public at large to the extent we are
able to do so. We have and will continue to carefully review all rules, regulations, and orders and responding accordingly. We are dependent
upon suppliers to provide us with all of the raw materials for products that we manufacture and sell and we currently manufacture the
majority of our products in China. The pandemic has impacted and may continue to impact suppliers of materials and the manufacturing locations
for our products. As a result, we have faced and may continue to face delays or difficulty manufacturing certain products, which could
negatively affect our business and financial results. Even if we are able to find alternate sources for materials and manufacturing, they
may cost more, which could adversely impact our profitability and financial condition. 

 We
are vulnerable to continued global economic uncertainty and volatility in financial markets. 

 Our
business is highly sensitive to changes in general economic conditions as a seller of goods and services. Financial markets inside the
United States and internationally have experienced extreme disruption in recent times, including, among other things, extreme volatility
in security prices, severely diminished liquidity and credit availability, and declining valuations of investments. We believe these disruptions
are likely to have an ongoing adverse effect on the world economy. A continuing economic downturn and financial market disruptions could
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations, including by: 

reducing
 demand for our products and services, increasing order cancellations and resulting in longer sales cycles and slower adoption of new technologies; 

increasing
 the difficulty of collecting accounts receivable and the risk of excess and obsolete inventories; 

increasing
 price competition in our served markets; and 

resulting
 in supply interruptions, which could disrupt our ability to produce our products. 

10 

We
could need to raise additional capital in the future, and if we are unable to secure adequate funds on terms acceptable to us, we could
be unable to execute our business plan. 

 To
remain competitive, we must continue to make significant investments in the development of our products, the expansion of our sales and
marketing activities, and the expansion of our operating and management infrastructure as we increase sales domestically and internationally.
If cash generated from our operations is insufficient to fund such growth, we could be required to raise additional funds through the
issuance of equity or debt securities in the public or private markets, or through a collaborative arrangement or sale of assets. Additional
financing opportunities may not be available to us, or if available, may not be on favorable terms. The availability of financing opportunities
will depend, in part, on market conditions, and the outlook for our business. Any future issuance of equity securities or securities convertible
into equity securities could result in substantial dilution to our stockholders, and the securities issued in such a financing could have
rights, preferences or privileges senior to those of our Common Stock. In addition, if we raise additional funds through debt financing,
we could be subject to debt covenants that place limitations on our operations. We could not be able to raise additional capital on reasonable
terms, or at all, or we could use capital more rapidly than anticipated. If we cannot raise the required capital when needed, we may not
be able to satisfy the demands of existing and prospective customers, we could lose revenue and market share and we may have to curtail
our capital expenditures. 

 The
following factors, among others, could affect our ability to obtain additional financing on favorable terms, or at all: 

our
 results of operations; 

general
 economic conditions and conditions in the sanitation and disinfection industries and performance of sanitation devices as opposed to sanitation
 and disinfection substances; 

the
 perception of our business in the capital markets; 

making
 capital improvements to improve our infrastructure; 

hiring
 qualified management and key employees; 

responding
 to competitive pressures; 

complying
 with regulatory requirements, if any; 

our
 ratio of debt to equity; 

our
 financial condition; 

our
 business prospects; and 

interest
 rates. 

If
we are unable to obtain sufficient capital in the future, we could have to curtail our capital expenditures. Any curtailment of our capital
expenditures could result in a reduction in net revenue, reduced quality of our products, increased manufacturing costs for our products,
harm to our reputation, or reduced manufacturing efficiencies and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
and results of operations. 

 Raising
additional capital may cause dilution to our existing stockholders and restrict our operations or require us to relinquish certain intellectual
property rights. 

 We
may seek additional capital through a combination of public and private equity offerings, debt financings, strategic partnerships and
alliances, licensing arrangements, and grants. To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of equity or convertible
debt securities, the ownership interest of our existing stockholders may be diluted, and the terms may include liquidation or other preferences
that adversely affect the rights of our stockholders. Debt and receivables financings may be coupled with an equity component, such as
warrants to purchase shares, which could also result in dilution of our existing stockholders ownership. The incurrence of indebtedness
would result in increased fixed payment obligations and could also result in certain restrictive covenants, such as limitations on our
ability to incur additional debt, limitations on our ability to acquire or license intellectual property rights and other operating restrictions
that could adversely impact our ability to conduct our business. If we raise additional funds through strategic partnerships and alliances
and licensing arrangements with third parties, we may have to relinquish valuable rights to our or our subsidiaries products or
grant licenses on terms that are not favorable to us. A failure to obtain adequate funds may cause us to curtail certain operational activities,
including research and development, validation/marketing studies, sales and marketing, and manufacturing operations, in order to reduce
costs and sustain the business, and would have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. 

11 

Our
success depends, in part, on our relationships with, and the efforts of, third-party manufacturers, distributors, and other third parties
that perform various tasks for us. If these third parties do not successfully carry out their contractual duties or meet expected, we
may not be able to commercialize our product candidates and our business could be substantially harmed. 

 While
we internally manufacture all of MunnWorks products that are manufactured domestically, currently approximately 75 of MunnWorks 
products and all of SteriLumen s products are manufactured overseas in China by third party manufacturers. We do not currently have
the infrastructure or capability internally to manufacture all of the components of our products and systems, and we lack the resources
and the capability to manufacture and distribute the Disinfecting System on a commercial scale. We plan to rely on third parties for such
operations. There are a limited number of manufacturers who have the ability to produce our products, and there may be a need to identify
alternate manufacturers to prevent a possible disruption of our manufacturing and distribution process. Switching manufacturers or distributors,
if necessary, may involve substantial costs and is likely to result in a delay in our desired commercial timelines, which could harm our
business and results of operations. 

 Our
suppliers may not supply us with a sufficient amount or adequate quality of materials, which could have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

 Our
business depends on our ability to obtain timely deliveries of materials, components, and subassemblies of acceptable quality and in acceptable
quantities from third-party suppliers. We generally purchase components and subassemblies from a limited group of suppliers through purchase
orders, rather than written supply contracts. Consequently, many of our suppliers have no obligation to continue to supply us on a long-term
basis. In addition, our suppliers manufacture products for a range of customers, and fluctuations in demand for the products those suppliers
manufacture for others could affect their ability to deliver components for us in a timely manner. Moreover, our suppliers could encounter
financial hardships, be acquired, or experience other business events unrelated to our demand for components, which could inhibit or prevent
their ability to fulfill our orders and satisfy our requirements. 

 If
any of our suppliers cease to provide us with sufficient quantities of our components in a timely manner or on terms acceptable to us,
or ceases to manufacture components of acceptable quality, we could incur manufacturing delays and sales disruptions while we locate and
engage alternative qualified suppliers, and we might be unable to engage acceptable alternative suppliers on favorable terms. In addition,
we could need to reengineer our components, which could significantly delay production. Any interruption or delay in the supply of components
or materials, or our inability to obtain components or materials from alternate sources at acceptable prices in a timely manner, could
impair our ability to meet the demand of our customers and cause them to cancel orders or switch to competitive procedures. We are continually
in the process of identifying and qualifying alternate source suppliers for our key components. There can be no assurance, however, that
we will successfully identify and qualify an alternate source supplier for any of our key components or that we could enter into an agreement
with any such alternate source supplier on terms acceptable to us, or at all. 

Our
reliance on third parties requires us to share our trade secrets, which increases the possibility that a competitor will discover them
or that our trade secrets will be misappropriated or disclosed. 

 Because
we rely on third parties to develop and manufacture our products, we must, at times, share trade secrets with them. We seek to protect
our proprietary technology in part by entering into confidentiality agreements and, if applicable, material transfer agreements, collaborative
research agreements, consulting agreements or other similar agreements with our collaborators, advisors, employees and consultants prior
to beginning research or disclosing proprietary information. These agreements typically limit the rights of the third parties to use
or disclose our confidential information, such as trade secrets. Despite the contractual provisions employed when working with third
parties, the need to share trade secrets and other confidential information increases the risk that such trade secrets become known by
our competitors, are inadvertently incorporated into the technology of others, or are disclosed or used in violation of these agreements.
Given that our proprietary position is based, in part, on our know-how and trade secrets, a competitor s discovery of our trade
secrets or other unauthorized use or disclosure would impair our competitive position and may have a material adverse effect on our business. 

 We
may engage in future acquisitions or strategic transactions which may require us to seek additional financing or financial commitments,
increase our expenses and/or present significant distractions to our management. 

 We
may make acquisitions in the future. In the event we engage in an acquisition or strategic transaction, we may need to acquire additional
financing. Obtaining financing through the issuance or sale of additional equity and/or debt securities, if possible, may not be at favorable
terms and may result in additional dilution to our current stockholders. Any future acquisition by us or one of our subsidiaries may
require us to incur non-recurring or other charges, may increase our near and long-term expenditures, and may pose significant integration
challenges or disrupt our management or business, which could adversely affect our operations and financial results. For example, an
acquisition or strategic transaction such as the acquisition may entail numerous operational and financial risks, including the risks
outlined above and additionally: 

exposure
 to unknown liabilities; 

disruption
 of our business and diversion of our management s time and attention in order to develop acquired products or technologies higher
 than expected acquisition and integration costs; 

write-downs
 of assets or goodwill or impairment charges; 

increased
 amortization expenses; 

difficulty
 and cost in combining the operations and personnel of any acquired businesses with our operations and personnel; 

impairment
 of relationships with key suppliers or customers of any acquired businesses due to changes in management and ownership; and 

inability
 to retain key employees of any acquired businesses. 

12 

Accordingly,
although there can be no assurance that we will undertake or successfully complete any transactions of the nature described above, and
any transactions that we do complete could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition
and prospects. 

 Recent
U.S. tax legislation may materially affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

 The
recently enacted Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the Tax Act has significantly changed the U.S. federal income taxation of U.S.
businesses, including by reducing the U.S. corporate income tax rate, limiting interest deductions, permitting immediate expensing of
certain capital expenditures, modifying or repealing many business deductions and credits. 

 The
Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act modifies certain provisions of the Tax Act, including
increasing the amount of interest expense that may be deducted. 

 The
Tax Act as modified by the CARES Act is unclear in many respects and could be subject to potential amendments and technical corrections,
as well as interpretations and implementing regulations by the Treasury and IRS, any of which could lessen or increase certain adverse
impacts of the legislation. In addition, it is unclear how these U.S. federal income tax changes will affect state and local taxation,
which often uses federal taxable income as a starting point for computing state and local tax liabilities. Our analysis and interpretation
of this legislation is preliminary and ongoing and there may be material adverse effects resulting from the legislation that we have not
yet identified. While some of the changes made by the tax legislation may adversely affect us, other changes may be beneficial. We continue
to work with our tax advisors and auditors to determine the full impact that the recent tax legislation as a whole will have on us. We
urge our investors to consult with their legal and tax advisors with respect to such legislation and its potential effect on an investment
in our common stock. 

 Our
operating results are affected by many factors and may fluctuate significantly on a quarterly basis. 

 Our
operating results may vary substantially from quarter to quarter and may be greater or less than those achieved in the immediately preceding
period or in the comparable period of the prior year. Factors that may cause quarterly results to vary include, but are not limited to,
the following: 

the
 number of new product introductions by our subsidiaries; 

losses
 related to inventory write-offs; 

marketing
 exclusivity, if any, which may be obtained on certain new products; 

the
 level of competition in the marketplace for certain products; 

our
 subsidiaries ability to create demand in the marketplace for their products; 

availability
 of raw materials and finished products from suppliers; 

our
 subsidiaries ability to contract manufacturers to make their products; 

Our
 dependence on a small number of products for a significant portion of net revenue or income; 

price
 erosion and customer consolidation; and 

uncertainty
 of future import tariffs. 

The
profitability of our subsidiaries product sales is also dependent upon the prices they are able to charge for their products, the
costs to purchase products from third parties, and their ability to manufacture their products in a cost-effective manner. If their revenues
decline or do not grow as anticipated, they may not be able to reduce their operating expenses to offset such declines. Failure to achieve
anticipated levels of revenues could, therefore, significantly harm our operating results for a particular fiscal period. 

 We
could be subject to significant warranty obligations if our products are defective, which could have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

 In
manufacturing our products, we depend upon third parties for the supply of various components. Many of these components require a significant
degree of technical expertise to design and produce. If we fail to adequately design, or if our suppliers fail to produce components to
specification, or if the suppliers, or we, use defective materials or workmanship in the manufacturing process, the reliability and performance
of our products will be compromised. Our products could contain defects that cannot be repaired easily and inexpensively that can result
some or all of the following: 

loss
 of customer orders and delay in order fulfillment; 

damage
 to our brand reputation; 

increased
 cost of our warranty program due to product repair or replacement; 

inability
 to attract new customers; 

diversion
 of resources from our manufacturing and engineering and development departments into our service department; and 

legal
 action. 

13 

We
are increasingly dependent on information technology, and our systems and infrastructure face certain risks, including cybersecurity and
data leakage risks. 

 Significant
disruptions to our information technology systems or breaches of information security could adversely affect our business. In the ordinary
course of business, we collect, store and transmit large amounts of confidential information, and it is critical that we do so in a secure
manner to maintain the confidentiality and integrity of such information. We have also outsourced significant elements of our information
technology infrastructure; as a result, we manage independent vendor relationships with third parties who are responsible for maintaining
significant elements of our information technology systems and infrastructure and who may or could have access to our confidential information.
The size and complexity of our information technology systems, and those of our third-party vendors, make such systems potentially vulnerable
to service interruptions and security breaches from inadvertent or intentional actions by our employees, partners or vendors. These systems
are also vulnerable to attacks by malicious third parties and may be susceptible to intentional or accidental physical damage to the infrastructure
maintained by us or by third parties. Maintaining the secrecy of confidential, proprietary, and/or trade secret information is important
to our competitive business position. While we have taken steps to protect such information and have invested in systems and infrastructures
to do so, there can be no guarantee that our efforts will prevent service interruptions or security breaches in our systems or the unauthorized
or inadvertent wrongful use or disclosure of confidential information that could adversely affect our business operations or result in
the loss, dissemination, or misuse of critical or sensitive information. A breach our security measures or the accidental loss, inadvertent
disclosure, unapproved dissemination, misappropriation or misuse of trade secrets, proprietary information, or other confidential information,
whether as a result of theft, hacking, fraud, trickery or other forms of deception, or for any other cause, could enable others to produce
competing products, use our proprietary technology or information, and/or adversely affect our business position. Further, any such interruption,
security breach, loss or disclosure of confidential information could result in financial, legal, business, and reputational harm to us
and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, results of operations and/or cash flow. 

 Product
liability claims against us could be costly and could harm our reputation. 

 The
sale of our products involves the risk of product liability claims against us. Claims could exceed our product liability insurance coverage
limits. Our insurance policies are subject to various standard coverage exclusions, including damage to the product itself, losses from
recall of our product, and losses covered by other forms of insurance such as workers compensation. We cannot be certain that we will
be able to successfully defend any claims against us, nor can we be certain that our insurance will cover all liabilities resulting from
such claims. In addition, we cannot provide assurance that we will be able to obtain such insurance in the future on terms acceptable
to us, or at all. Regardless of merit or eventual outcome, any product liability claim brought against us could result in harm to our
reputation, decreased demand for our products, costs related to litigation, product recalls, loss of revenue, an increase in our product
liability insurance rates, or the inability to secure coverage in the future, and could have a material adverse effect on our business
by reducing cash collections from customers and limiting our ability to meet our operating cash flow requirements. 

 Litigation
against us could be costly and time-consuming to defend and could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and
results of operations. 

 We
are from time to time involved in various claims, litigation matters and regulatory proceedings incidental to our business, including
claims for damages arising out of the use of our products or services and claims relating to intellectual property matters, employment
matters, commercial disputes, competition, sales and trading practices, environmental matters, personal injury, and insurance coverage.
Some of these lawsuits include claims for punitive as well as compensatory damages. The defense of these lawsuits could divert our management s
attention, and we could incur significant expenses in defending these lawsuits. In addition, we could be required to pay damage awards
or settlements or become subject to unfavorable equitable remedies. Moreover, any insurance or indemnification rights that we could have
may be insufficient or unavailable to protect us against potential loss exposures. 

If
we lose our key management personnel, or are unable to attract or retain qualified personnel, it could adversely affect our ability to
execute our growth strategy. 

 Our
success is dependent, in part, upon our ability to hire and retain management, engineers, marketing and sales personnel, and technical,
research and other personnel who are in high demand and are often subject to competing employment opportunities. Our success will depend
on our ability to retain our current personnel and to attract and retain qualified like personnel in the future. Competition for senior
management, engineers, marketing and sales personnel, and other specialized technicians is intense and we may not be able to retain our
personnel. If we lose the services of any executive officers or key employees, our ability to achieve our business objectives could be
harmed or delayed, which could have a material adverse effect on our daily operations, operating cash flows, results of operations, and
ultimately share price. In general, our officers could terminate their employment at any time without notice for any reason. 

14 

Climate
change initiatives could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

 Both
domestic and international legislation to address climate change by reducing greenhouse gas emissions and establishing a price on carbon
could create increases in energy costs and price volatility. Considerable international attention is now focused on development of an
international policy framework to address climate change. Proposed and existing legislative efforts to control or limit greenhouse gas
emissions could increase the cost of raw materials derived from sources that generate greenhouse gas emissions. If our suppliers are unable
to obtain energy at a reasonable cost in the future, the cost of our raw materials could be negatively impacted which could result in
increased manufacturing costs. 

 As
a controlled company under the Nasdaq Marketplace Rules, we may choose to exempt our Company from certain corporate governance
requirements that could have an adverse effect on our public stockholders. 

 Max
Munn of Chief Executive Officer holds [ ] of our voting power. Under Rule 4350(c) of the Nasdaq Marketplace Rules, a company of which
more than 50 of the voting power is held by an individual, group or another company is a controlled company and may elect
not to comply with certain corporate governance requirements, including the requirement that a majority of our directors be independent,
as defined in Nasdaq rules and the requirement that our compensation and nominating and corporate governance committees consist entirely
of independent directors. Although we have not relied nor do we intend to rely on the controlled company exemption under
Nasdaq rules, we could elect to rely on this exemption in the future. If we elect to rely on the controlled company exemption,
a majority of the members of our Board might not be independent directors and our nominating and corporate governance and compensation
committees might not consist entirely of independent directors. Accordingly, during any time while we remain a controlled company relying
on the exemption and during any transition period following a time when we are no longer a controlled company, you would not have the
same protections afforded to shareholders of companies that are subject to all of the Nasdaq corporate governance requirements. Our status
as a controlled company could cause our common stock to look less attractive to certain investors or otherwise harm our trading price. 

 Our
failure to maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting could have an adverse impact on us . 

 We
are required to establish and maintain appropriate internal controls over financial reporting. Failure to establish those controls, or
any failure of those controls once established, could adversely impact our public disclosures regarding our business, financial condition
or results of operations. In addition, management s assessment of internal controls over financial reporting may identify weaknesses
and conditions that need to be addressed in our internal controls over financial reporting or other matters that may raise concerns for
investors. Any actual or perceived weaknesses and conditions that need to be addressed in our internal control over financial reporting,
disclosure of management s assessment of our internal controls over financial reporting or disclosure of our public accounting firm s
attestation to or report on management s assessment of our internal controls over financial reporting may have an adverse impact
on the price of our common stock. 

 A
control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of
the control system are met. In addition, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and
the benefit of controls must be relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no system of controls
can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within our company have been detected. These inherent
limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error
or mistake. Further, controls can be circumvented by individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more persons, or by management
override of the controls. The design of any system of controls is also based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of
future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions.
Over time, a control may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may
deteriorate. Because of inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and may
not be detected. 

At present,
we believe that we have effective internal controls in place. However, our management, including our Chief Executive Officer, cannot guarantee
that our internal controls and disclosure controls that we have in place will prevent all possible errors, mistakes or all fraud. 

 Our
financial controls and procedures may not be sufficient to ensure timely and reliable reporting of financial information, which, as a
public company, could materially harm our stock price. 

 We
require significant financial resources to maintain our public reporting status. We cannot assure you we will be able to maintain adequate
resources to ensure that we will not have any future material weakness in our system of internal controls. The effectiveness of our controls
and procedures may in the future be limited by a variety of factors including: 

faulty
 human judgment and simple errors, omissions or mistakes; 

fraudulent
 action of an individual or collusion of two or more people; 

inappropriate
 management override of procedures; and 

the possibility
 that any enhancements to controls and procedures may still not be adequate to assure timely and accurate financial information. 

15 

Our
internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
in the United States of America. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain
to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets
of the Company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in
accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention
or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on
the financial statements. 

 Despite
these controls, because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements.
Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their control objectives.
Furthermore, smaller reporting companies like us face additional limitations. Smaller reporting companies employ fewer individuals and
can find it difficult to employ resources for complicated transactions and effective risk management. Additionally, smaller reporting
companies tend to utilize general accounting software packages that lack a rigorous set of software controls. 

 If
we fail to have effective controls and procedures for financial reporting in place, we could be unable to provide timely and accurate
financial information and be subject to investigation by the Securities and Exchange Commission and civil or criminal sanctions. 

We
are an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act of 2012 and we cannot be certain if the reduced disclosure requirements
applicable to emerging growth companies will make our common stock less attractive to investors. 

 We
are an emerging growth company, as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act ),
and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that
are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation
requirements of section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic
reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and
shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. We cannot predict if investors will find our common stock
less attractive because we may rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result, there may
be a less active trading market for our common stock and our stock price may be more volatile. 

 In
addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition
period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act of 1933 (the Securities Act for complying with new or revised
accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards
until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We are choosing to take advantage of the extended transition period
for complying with new or revised accounting standards. 

 We
will remain an emerging growth company until December 31, 2025, the last day of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary
of August 31, 2020, the date of the first sale of our Common Stock pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities
Act, although we will lose that status sooner if our revenues exceed 1.07 billion, if we issue more than 1 billion in non-convertible
debt in a three year period, or if the market value of our Common Stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the
last day of our most recently completed second fiscal quarter. 

16 

Our
status as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act may make it more difficult to raise capital as and when we need
it. 

 Because
of the exemptions from various reporting requirements provided to us as an emerging growth company and because we will have
an extended transition period for complying with new or revised financial accounting standards, we may be less attractive to investors
and it may be difficult for us to raise additional capital as and when we need it. Investors may be unable to compare our business with
other companies in our industry if they believe that our financial accounting is not as transparent as other companies in our industry.
If we are unable to raise additional capital as and when we need it, our financial condition and results of operations may be materially
and adversely affected. 

 There
may be limitations on the effectiveness of our internal controls, and a failure of our control systems to prevent error or fraud may materially
harm our company. If we fail to remediate a material weakness, or if we experience material weaknesses in the future or otherwise
fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls in the future, we may not be able to accurately or timely report our financial
condition or results of operations, which may adversely affect investor confidence in us and, as a result, the value of our common stock
and Warrants. 

 Prior
to the completion of our initial public offering in August 2020, we had been a private company with limited accounting personnel to adequately
execute our accounting processes and limited supervisory resources with which to address our internal control over financial reporting.
As a newly public company, we have designed a control environment as required of public companies under the rules and regulations
of the SEC. 

 Proper
systems of internal controls over financial accounting and disclosure controls and procedures are critical to the operation of a public
company. We may be unable to effectively establish such systems, especially in light of the fact that we expect to operate as a publicly
reporting company. This would leave us without the ability to reliably assimilate and compile financial information about our company
and significantly impair our ability to prevent error and detect fraud, all of which would have a negative impact on our company from
many perspectives. 

Moreover,
we do not expect that disclosure controls or internal control over financial reporting, even if established, will prevent all errors and
all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control
system s objectives will be met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints
and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no
evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. Failure
of our control systems to prevent error or fraud could materially adversely impact us. 

 Geopolitical
conditions, including trade disputes and direct or indirect acts of war or terrorism, could have an adverse effect on our operations and
financial results. 

 Recently,
Russia initiated significant military action against Ukraine. In response, the U.S. and certain other countries imposed significant sanctions
and export controls against Russia, Belarus and certain individuals and entities connected to Russian or Belarusian political, business,
and financial organizations, and the U.S. and certain other countries could impose further sanctions, trade restrictions, and other retaliatory
actions should the conflict continue or worsen. It is not possible to predict the broader consequences of the conflict, including related
geopolitical tensions, and the measures and retaliatory actions taken by the U.S. and other countries in respect thereof as well as any
counter measures or retaliatory actions by Russia or Belarus in response, including, for example, potential cyberattacks or the disruption
of energy exports, is likely to cause regional instability, geopolitical shifts, and could materially adversely affect regional economies
and the global economy. The situation remains uncertain, and while it is difficult to predict the impact of any of the foregoing, the
conflict and actions taken in response to the conflict could increase our costs, disrupt our supply chain, reduce our sales and earnings,
impair our ability to raise additional capital when needed on acceptable terms, if at all, or otherwise adversely affect our business,
financial condition, and results of operations. 

 If
we sustain a cyber-attack or suffer privacy or data security breaches that disrupt our information systems or operations, or result in
the dissemination of sensitive personal or confidential information, we could suffer increased costs, exposure to significant liability,
reputational harm, loss of business, and other serious negative consequences. 

 Our
information technology systems and safety control systems are subject to a growing number of threats from computer programmers, hackers,
and other adversaries that may be able to penetrate our network security and misappropriate our confidential information or that of third
parties, create system disruptions, or cause damage, security issues, or shutdowns. They also may be able to develop and deploy viruses,
worms, and other malicious software programs that attack our systems or otherwise exploit security vulnerabilities. Because the techniques
used to circumvent, gain access to, or sabotage security systems, can be highly sophisticated and change frequently, they often are not
recognized until launched against a target, and may originate from less regulated and remote areas around the world. We may be unable
to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate preventive measures, resulting in potential data loss and damage to our systems.
Our systems are also subject to compromise from internal threats such as improper action by employees, including malicious insiders, or
by vendors, counterparties, and other third parties with otherwise legitimate access to our systems. Our policies, employee training (including
phishing prevention training), procedures, and technical safeguards may not prevent all improper access to our network or proprietary
or confidential information by employees, vendors, counterparties, or other third parties. Our facilities may also be vulnerable to security
incidents or security attacks, acts of vandalism or theft, misplaced or lost data, human errors, or other similar events that could negatively
affect our systems, and our and our members , data. Additionally, our third-party service providers who process information on our
behalf may cause security breaches for which we are responsible. 

17 

Moreover,
we face the ongoing challenge of managing access controls in a complex environment. The process of enhancing our protective measures can
itself create a risk of systems disruptions and security issues. Given the breadth of our operations and the increasing sophistication
of cyber-attacks, a particular incident could occur and persist for an extended period of time before being detected. The extent of a
particular cyber-attack and the steps that we may need to take to investigate the attack may take a significant amount of time before
such an investigation could be completed and full and reliable information about the incident is known. During such time, the extent of
any harm or how best to remediate it might not be known, which could further increase the risks, costs, and consequences of a data security
incident. In addition, our systems must be routinely updated, patched, and upgraded to protect against known vulnerabilities. The volume
of new software vulnerabilities has increased substantially, as has the importance of patches and other remedial measures. In addition
to remediating newly identified vulnerabilities, previously identified vulnerabilities must also be updated. We are at risk that cyber-attackers
exploit these known vulnerabilities before they have been addressed. The complexity of our systems and platforms, the increased frequency
at which vendors are issuing security patches to their products, our need to test patches, and, in some instances, coordinate with third-parties
before they can be deployed, all could further increase our risks. 

Any compromise
or perceived compromise of the security of our systems or the systems of one or more of our vendors or service providers could damage
our reputation and brand, cause the termination of relationships with our members, result in disruption or interruption to our business
operations, marketing partners and carriers, reduce demand for our services, and subject us to significant liability and expense, which
would harm our business, operating results, and financial condition. 

 Risks
Related to SteriLumen s Business 

 Certain
ResInnova testing limitations. 

 Our
claims on the effectiveness of the Disinfecting System against certain pathogens are supported by the analysis of the Disinfecting System
performed in ResInnova s laboratory. The environment in ResInnova s laboratory is controlled and does not account for all
real-world variables, which may impact the effectiveness of ultraviolet light in killing microorganisms. Such variables include humidity,
air temperature, and the presence of organic soils that differ from those used in the laboratory tests. If any one of these un-accounted
for variables proves to be significant in the evaluation of the effectiveness of the Disinfecting System, the laboratory results obtained
by ResInnova could be significantly more favorable than the results experienced by our customers. Furthermore, in accordance with CDC
guidelines only laboratories with a biosafety level 3 or 4 may test against SARS-CoV-2, the virus that causes COVID-19. ResInnova is a
biosafety level 2 laboratory and cannot test against SARS-CoV-2 and therefore in its place tested against OC43, which, according to ResInnova
is a common surrogate for SARS-CoV-2 as both are of the Beta genre of coronaviruses. If the results from testing the Disinfecting System
against OC43 are different from the results that would have occurred from testing against SARS-CoV-2, ResInnova s testing results
could be materially more favorable than the results experienced by our customers with respect to SARS-CoV-2. If the Disinfecting System
is not effective against SARS-CoV-2, this could have a material adverse effect on the Company s, which would have a material adverse
effect on our business prospects and financial condition. 

 The
complete and final assembly of the Disinfecting System has not yet received safety certification from a nationally recognized testing
laboratory. 

 All
of the component parts of the Disinfecting System have been certified by ETL. The ETL listings for ETL Listing numbers: SLR-1 = E519669
for the ribbon unit and SLD-1 = E519957 for the drain unit is new for such a UVC device for the UL and due to incomplete standards does
not guarantee successful deployment and installation at scale in the US. If we are unable or significantly delayed in obtaining confidence
for installations within the marketplace with above certifications, our business and financial prospects will be materially adversely
affected. 

 In
accordance with an August 24, 1993 Interpretation Letter from OSHA, all electrical equipment must be accepted, certified, labeled, listed,
or otherwise determined that such equipment is safe by a NRTL or by another Federal agency or by a State, municipal, or other local authority
responsible for enforcing occupational safety provisions of the National Electric Safety Code. 

18 

If
SteriLumen is unable to develop a successful marketing approach, our business will suffer. 

 If
SteriLumen fails to develop a successful marketing approach or to manage its growth effectively, our business and financial results will
be materially harmed. Healthcare facilities operate in a highly regulated and dynamic market with changing regulations, codes, standards
and guidelines and as a result are very loyal to vendors they trust. Achieving market acceptance will require extensive customer education
and product validation. Some of the ways in which SteriLumen intends on achieving market acceptance is through working with professional
trade organizations, having articles published in industry trade publications, conducting validation/marketing studies at well-known hospitals
and lab testing. However, there is no assurance that SteriLumen will be successful in organizing these efforts or if the results from
them will be positive. SteriLumen has sought and may also seek in the future to expand its business through complementary or strategic
acquisitions of other businesses, products or assets such as its recent acquisition of the Airocide product line, or through joint ventures,
strategic partnerships or other arrangements with established and trusted disinfection companies. Any such acquisitions, joint ventures
or other business combinations may involve significant integration challenges, operational complexities and time consumption and require
substantial resources and effort. It may also disrupt SteriLumen s ongoing businesses, which may adversely affect its relationships
with customers, employees and others with whom it has business or other dealings. Further, if SteriLumen is unable to realize synergies
or other benefits expected to result from any acquisitions, joint ventures or other business combinations, or to generate additional revenue
to offset any unanticipated inability to realize these expected synergies or benefits, its growth and ability to compete may be impaired,
which would require it and us to focus additional resources on the integration of operations rather than other profitable areas of its
business, and may otherwise cause a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. However, failure
to acquire or partner with established and trusted disinfection companies would prevent SteriLumen s products from being part of
a bundle of disinfection products that could be sold all at once, which could have a material adverse effect on the financial results
of our business. 

The
air purification market is fragmented and competitive and we may not be able to compete successfully with our existing competitors or
new entrants into the markets we serve. 

 The
air purification market is fragmented and competitive. SteriLumen s competition varies by product line, customer classification
and geographic market. The principal competitive factors in our industry are quality of product, pricing, service and delivery capabilities
and availability of product. We will compete with many local, regional and national air purification distributors and dealers. In addition,
some air purification suppliers might sell and distribute their products directly to our customers, and the volume of such direct sales
could increase in the future. Additionally, distributors of products similar to those distributed by us may elect to sell and distribute
to our customers in the future or enter into exclusive supplier arrangements with other distributors. Some of our competitors have greater
financial resources and may be able to withstand sales or price decreases more effectively than we can. We also expect to continue to
face competition from new market entrants. We may be unable to continue to compete effectively with these existing or new competitors,
which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

 If
we are unable to execute our plan to distribute SteriLumen s Airocide products, we may not be able to generate revenues and your
investment could be materially adversely affected. 

 We
acquired the rights to manufacture and sell our Airocide products in February of 2021 and have not yet fully scaled to execute our plan
to sell and distribute SteriLumen s Airocide products. The success of the Airocide business will depend on the execution of our
plan and the acceptance of Airocide products by the consumer and commercial markets. Achieving such acceptance will require significant
marketing investment. Once we execute our plan to sell and distribute the Airocide products, it may not be accepted by consumers at sufficient
levels to support our operations and build our business. If SteriLumen s Airocide products are not accepted at sufficient levels,
our business could fail. 

 We
are subject to significant regulatory oversight and changes in applicable regulatory requirements could adversely affect our business. 

 We
may become subject to significant government regulation, by the EPA and, to a certain extent, by Congress, other federal agencies and
foreign, state and local authorities. Depending upon the circumstances, noncompliance with legislation or regulations promulgated by these
entities could result in the suspension or revocation of our licenses or registrations, the termination or loss of contracts or the imposition
of contractual damages, civil fines or criminal penalties any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition and results of operations. Furthermore, the adoption or modification of laws or regulations relating to UVC or air purification
or other areas of our business could limit or otherwise adversely affect the manner in which we currently conduct our business. If we
are required to comply with new regulations or legislation or new interpretations of existing regulations. This compliance could cause
us to incur additional expenses or alter our business model. 

19 

SteriLumen s
Disinfecting System business is highly dependent on its suppliers and any disruption in their operations could have a material
adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

 SteriLumen s
Disinfecting System business will be dependent upon the continued ability of its suppliers to deliver systems, components, raw materials,
and finished disinfection products. Its UVC LEDs are manufactured in South Korea and then shipped to China or the United States for assembly
with all other components, which if manufactured in China, the finished products are shipped to Long Beach, California for warehousing
and distribution, otherwise the units are shipped from Mount Vernon. Any number of factors, including labor disruptions, catastrophic
weather events, contractual or other disputes with suppliers, and supplier financial difficulties or solvency problems could disrupt its
suppliers operations and lead to uncertainty in its supply chain or cause supply disruptions, which could, in turn, disrupt its
operations. If SteriLumen experiences supply disruptions, it may not be able to develop alternate sourcing quickly. Any disruption of
its production schedule caused by an unexpected shortage of systems, components, raw materials or parts even for a relatively short period
of time could cause it to alter production schedules or suspend production entirely. If any such disruptions occur it could have a material
adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

 SteriLumen s
business is highly dependent on market perceptions of it and the safety and quality of its products. 

 Market
perceptions of SteriLumen s business are very important to us, especially market perceptions of the safety and quality of SteriLumen s
products. If any of its products or similar products that other companies distribute are subject to market withdrawal or recall or are
proven to be, or are claimed to be, harmful to end users, then this could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations
and financial condition. Also, because SteriLumen s business is dependent on market perceptions, negative publicity associated or
perceived to be associated with its business, products or product pricing could have a material adverse impact on our business, results
of operations and financial condition. 

 Customers
may be hesitant in adopting UV light-based technologies, and our inability to overcome this hesitation could limit the market acceptance
of our products and our market share. 

 Our
UV light disinfection systems represent relatively new technologies in the market. Only a small percentage of professional medical institutions
or hospitality providers are immediately willing to conduct sanitation using our systems. Our future success will depend on our ability
to increase demand for our products by demonstrating to a broad spectrum of medical professional, dentists, hospitality industry, their
patients and customers, the potential performance advantages of our UV light systems over traditional methods of disinfection over competitive
UV light systems, and our inability to do so could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of
operations. 

Conventional
germicidal UV light was historically considered as a human health hazard if improperly used and can lead to skin cancer and cataracts.
We may experience long sales cycles because healthcare facilities and hotels and other facilities may be slow to adopt new technologies
on a widespread basis and admit that such technologies can sanitize public space without damaging public health. As a result, we generally
are required to invest a significant amount of time and resources to educate general public about the benefits of our products in comparison
to competing products and technologies before completing a sale, if any. Factors that could inhibit adoption of UV technologies by healthcare
facilities or hospitality companies include the initial cost and concerns about the safety, efficacy, and reliability of our UV systems.
In addition, economic pressure, caused, for example, by an economic slowdown as a result of Coronavirus, changes in health care reimbursement
or by competitive factors in a specific market, could make businesses reluctant to purchase substantial capital equipment or invest in
new technologies. Customer acceptance will depend on the recommendations of governmental authorities, as well as other factors, including
the relative effectiveness, safety, reliability, and comfort of our systems as compared to other instruments and methods for performing
disinfecting procedures. 

 If
future data proves to be inconsistent with our research results or if competitors products present more favorable results our revenues
could decline and our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 

 Even
though our disinfecting devices are protected with patents, if new studies or comparative studies generate results that are not as favorable
as our research results, our revenues could decline. Additionally, if future studies indicate that our competitors products are
more effective or safer than ours, our revenues could decline. Furthermore, hospitals and businesses could choose not to purchase our
UV light sanitation systems until they receive additional published long-term clinical evidence and recommendations from prominent hospitals
and businesses that indicate our UV light sanitation systems are effective for disinfecting applications. 

20 

We
may face competition from other companies, many of which have substantially greater resources than we do. If we do not successfully develop
and commercialize enhanced or new products that remain competitive with products or alternative technologies developed by others, we could
lose revenue opportunities and customers and our ability to grow our business would be impaired. 

 A
number of competitors have substantially greater capital resources, larger customer bases, larger technical, sales and marketing forces
and stronger reputations with target customers than ours. We compete with a number of domestic and foreign companies that market traditional
chemical sanitation products, as well as companies that market UV technologies. The marketplace is highly fragmented and very competitive.
We expect that the rapid technological changes occurring in the health care industry could lead to the entry of new competitors, particularly
if UV disinfecting increases market acceptance. If we do not compete successfully, our revenue and market share could decline, which would
impact our ability to meet our operating cash flow requirements and our business, financial condition, and results of operations could
be adversely affected. 

 Our
long-term success depends upon our ability to (i) distinguish our products through improving our product performance and pricing, protecting
our intellectual property, improving our customer support, accurately timing the introduction of new products, and developing sustainable
distribution channels worldwide; and (ii) develop and successfully commercialize new products, new or improved technologies, and additional
applications for our UV light sanitation systems. We may not be able to distinguish our products and commercialize any new products, new
or improved technologies, or additional applications for our UV light disinfecting systems. 

We
could incur problems in manufacturing our products. 

 In
order to grow our business, we must expand our manufacturing capabilities to produce the systems and accessories necessary to meet any
demand we may experience. We could encounter difficulties in increasing the production of our products, including problems involving production
capacity and yields, quality control and assurance, component supply, and shortages of qualified personnel. In addition, before we can
begin commercial manufacture of our products, we must ensure our manufacturing facilities, processes, and quality systems, and the manufacture
of our UV light sanitation systems, quality control, and documentation policies and procedures. From time to time, we could expend significant
resources in obtaining, maintaining, and addressing our compliance with various federal and requirements that may be subject to changes.
Our success will depend in part upon our ability to manufacture our products without FDA approval or compliance with and other regulatory
requirements. 

 We
have not experienced significant quality issues with components of our products supplied by third parties, however, we could in the future.
Our future success depends on our ability to manufacture our products on a timely basis with acceptable manufacturing costs, while at
the same time maintaining good quality control and complying with applicable regulatory requirements, and an inability to do so could
have a material adverse effect on our product sales, cash collections from customers, and our ability to meet operating cash flow requirements,
which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

 Adverse
publicity regarding our technology or products could negatively impact us. 

 Adverse
publicity regarding any of our products or similar products marketed or sold by others could negatively affect us. If any studies raise
or substantiate concerns regarding the efficacy or safety of our products or other concerns, our reputation could be harmed and demand
for our products could diminish, which could have a material adverse effect on growth in new customers and sales of our products, leading
to a decline in revenues, cash collections, and ultimately our ability to meet operating cash flow requirements. 

 Rapidly
changing standards and competing technologies could harm demand for our products, result in significant additional costs, and have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

 The
markets in which our products compete are subject to rapid technological change, evolving industry standards, changes in the regulatory
environment, and frequent introductions of new devices and evolving sanitizing solutions and practices, specifically catalyzed by the
impact of the Coronavirus pandemic. Competing products could emerge that render our products uncompetitive or obsolete. We cannot guarantee
that we will successfully identify new product opportunities, identify new and innovative applications of our technology, or be financially
or otherwise capable of completing the research and development required to bring new products to market in a timely manner. An inability
to expand our product offerings or the application of our technology could limit our growth. In addition, we could incur higher manufacturing
costs if manufacturing processes or standards change, and we could need to replace, modify, design, or build and install equipment, all
of which would require additional capital expenditures. 

21 

We
could be unable to effectively manage and implement our growth strategies, which could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition, and results of operations. 

 Our
growth strategy includes expanding our product line and applications by developing enhancements and transformational innovations, including
new solutions for various fields and industries. Expansion of our existing product line and entry into new applications divert the use
of our resources and systems, require additional resources that might not be available (or available on acceptable terms), may require
regulatory approvals, result in new or increasing competition, could require longer implementation times or greater start-up expenditures
than anticipated, and could otherwise fail to achieve the desired results in a timely fashion, if at all. These efforts could also require
that we successfully commercialize new technologies in a timely manner, price them competitively and cost-effectively, and manufacture
and deliver sufficient volumes of new products of appropriate quality on time. We could be unable to increase our sales and earnings by
expanding our product offerings in a cost-effective manner, and we could fail to accurately predict future customer needs and preferences
or to produce viable technologies. In addition, we could invest heavily in research and development of products that do not lead to significant
revenue. Even if we successfully innovate and develop new products and product enhancements, we could incur substantial costs in doing
so. In addition, promising new products could fail to reach the market or realize only limited commercial success because of efficacy
or safety concerns, failure to achieve positive clinical outcomes, or uncertainty over third-party reimbursement. 

International
sales may comprise a significant portion of SteriLumen s revenues and will be subject to risks associated with operating in domestic
and international markets. 

 International
sales may comprise a significant portion of SteriLumen s revenue, and we intend to continue to pursue and expand our international
business activities. Political and economic conditions outside the United States could make it difficult for us to increase our international
revenue or to operate abroad. International operations are subject to many inherent risks, which could have a material adverse effect
on our revenues and operating cash flow, including among others: 

adverse changes
 in tariffs and trade restrictions; 

political,
 social, and economic instability and increased security concerns; 

fluctuations
 in foreign currency exchange rates; 

longer collection
 periods and difficulties in collecting receivables from foreign entities; 

exposure to
 different legal standards; 

transportation
 delays and difficulties of managing international distribution channels; 

reduced protection
 for our intellectual property in some countries; 

difficulties
 in obtaining domestic and foreign export, import, and other governmental approvals, permits, and licenses, and compliance with foreign
 laws; 

the imposition
 of governmental controls; 

unexpected
 changes in regulatory or certification requirements; 

difficulties
 in staffing and managing foreign operations; and 

potentially
 adverse tax consequences and the complexities of foreign value-added tax systems. 

We
believe that international sales may represent a significant portion of SteriLumen s revenue, and we intend to expand its international
operations. In international markets where our sales are denominated in U.S. dollars, an increase in the relative value of the dollar
against the currency in such markets could indirectly increase the price of our products in those markets and result in a decrease in
sales. We do not currently engage in any transactions as a hedge against risks of loss due to foreign currency fluctuations. However,
we could do so in the future. 

 SteriLumen s
collaborations with outside scientists and consultants may be subject to restriction and change. 

 SteriLumen
works with scientists at academic and other institutions, and consultants who assist it in its research, development, and design efforts.
These scientists and consultants have provided, and we expect that they will continue to provide, valuable advice on SteriLumen s
programs. These scientists and consultants are not our or SteriLumen s employees, may have other commitments that would limit their
future availability to SteriLumen and typically will not enter into non-compete agreements with SteriLumen. If a conflict of interest
arises between their work for SteriLumen and their work for another entity, SteriLumen may lose their services. In addition, SteriLumen
will be unable to prevent them from establishing competing businesses or developing competing products. For example, if a key scientist
acting as a principal investigator in any of SteriLumen s clinical trials identifies a potential product or compound that is more
scientifically interesting to his or her professional interests, his or her availability to remain involved in its clinical trials could
be restricted or eliminated. 

SteriLumen
has entered into or intends to enter into non-competition agreements with certain of SteriLumen s employees. These agreements prohibit
its employees, if they cease working for it, from competing directly against it or working for its competitors for a limited period. However,
under current law, SteriLumen may be unable to enforce these agreements against certain of its employees and it may be difficult for it
to restrict their competitors from gaining the expertise its former employees gained while working for it. If SteriLumen cannot enforce
its employees non-compete agreements, it may be unable to prevent its competitors from benefiting from the expertise of its former
employees. 

22 

Risks
Related to MunnWorks Business 

 The
custom design decorative framed mirror supply market is highly competitive, and we may not be able to compete successfully. 

 MunnWorks
operates within the highly competitive custom design decorative framed mirror supply market, which is characterized by competition from
a number of other manufacturers. Competition is further intensified during economic downturns. MunnWorks competes with numerous large
national and regional companies for, among other things, customers, raw materials and skilled management and labor resources. Purchase
volumes have fluctuated substantially from time to time in the past, and we expect such fluctuations to occur from time to time in the
future. Some of its competitors have greater financial, marketing and other resources than it does and, therefore, may be able to adapt
to changes in customer preferences more quickly, devote more resources to the marketing and sale of their products, generate greater national
brand recognition or adopt more aggressive pricing policies than MunnWorks can. 

 In
addition, some of our competitors may resort to price competition to sustain or gain market share and manufacturing capacity utilization,
and MunnWorks may have to adjust the prices on some of its products to stay competitive, which could reduce its revenues. MunnWorks may
not ultimately succeed in competing with other manufacturers and distributors in its market, which may have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

 MunnWorks 
possible failure to develop new products or respond to changing consumer preferences and purchasing practices could have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

 The
custom design decorative framed mirror supply market is subject to changing consumer trends, demands and preferences. The uncertainties
associated with developing and introducing new products, such as gauging changing consumer preferences and successfully developing, manufacturing,
marketing and selling new products, could lead to, among other things, rejection of a new product line, reduced demand and price reductions
for our products. If MunnWorks products do not keep up with consumer trends, demands and preference, it could lose market share,
which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

 Changes
to the buying strategies of MunnWorks customers could also affect its ability to compete. Further, the volatile and challenging
economic environment of recent years has caused shifts in trends, demands, preferences and purchasing practices and changes in the business
models and strategies of its customers. Shifts in consumer preferences, which may or may not be long-term, have altered the quantity,
type and prices of products demanded by the end-consumer and MunnWorks customers. If it does not timely and effectively identify
and respond to these changing consumer preferences and purchasing practices, its relationships with our customers could be harmed, the
demand for its products could be reduced and its market share could be negatively affected. 

MunnWorks 
independent sales force may not be effective. 

 MunnWorks
hires independent sales representatives who have primary responsibility for contacting existing and potential customers and are paid on
a commission basis. While this sales model has proven successful in the past, to continue to be effective, sales representatives will
need to continue to be extremely knowledgeable about MunnWorks products. However, these independent sales representatives may be
selling products from different non-competitive sellers, which could prevent them from focusing on MunnWorks products and providing
the required information to the customers, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial
condition. 

 MunnWorks 
business is highly dependent on its suppliers and any disruption in their operations could have a material adverse effect on our
business, results of operations and financial condition. 

 MunnWorks 
operations will be dependent upon the continued ability of its suppliers to deliver components, raw materials, and finished products.
Although many of its products are manufactured at our corporate headquarters in New York, many of its products are manufactured overseas.
Any number of factors, including labor disruptions, catastrophic weather events, contractual or other disputes with suppliers, and supplier
financial difficulties or solvency problems could disrupt its suppliers operations and lead to uncertainty in its supply chain
or cause supply disruptions, which could, in turn, disrupt its operations. If MunnWorks experiences supply disruptions, it may not be
able to develop alternate sourcing quickly. Any disruption of its production schedule caused by an unexpected shortage of systems, components,
raw materials or parts even for a relatively short period of time could cause it to alter production schedules or suspend production entirely.
If any such disruptions occur it could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

23 

MunnWorks 
business is highly dependent on market perceptions of it and the quality of its products. 

 Market
perceptions of MunnWorks business are very important to us, especially market perceptions of the quality of MunnWorks products.
Because MunnWorks business is dependent on market perceptions, negative publicity associated or perceived to be associated with
its business, products or product pricing could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

 Risks
Related to Our Intellectual Property 

 If
the patents that we own or license, or our other intellectual property rights, do not adequately protect our technologies, we could lose
market share to our competitors and be unable to operate our business profitably. 

 Our
future success depends, in part, on our ability to obtain and maintain patent protection for our products and technology, to preserve
our trade secrets and to operate without infringing the intellectual property of others. We rely on patents to establish and maintain
proprietary rights in our technology and products. We currently possess a number of issued patents and patent applications with respect
to our products and technology. However, we cannot ensure that any additional patents will be issued, that the scope of any patent protection
will be effective in helping us address our competition, or that any of our patents will be held valid if subsequently challenged. It
is also possible that our competitors could independently develop similar or more desirable products, duplicate our products, or design
products that circumvent our patents. The laws of foreign countries may not protect our products or intellectual property rights to the
same extent as the laws of the United States. In addition, there have been recent changes in the patent laws and rules of the U.S. Patent
and Trademark Office USPTO ), and there could be future proposed changes that, if enacted, have a significant impact on
our ability to protect our technology and enforce our intellectual property rights. If we fail to protect our intellectual property rights
adequately, our competitive position could be adversely affected, and there could be a material adverse effect on sales, cash collections,
and our ability to meet operating cash flow requirements. 

 If
third parties claim that we infringe their intellectual property rights, we could incur liabilities and costs and have to redesign or
discontinue selling certain products, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of
operations. 

 We
face substantial uncertainty regarding the impact that other parties intellectual property positions will have on UV light applications.
From time to time, we expect to continue to receive, notices of claims of infringement, misappropriation, or misuse of other parties 
proprietary rights. Some of these claims could lead to litigation. We may not prevail in any future intellectual property infringement
litigation given the complex technical issues and inherent uncertainties in litigation. Any claims, with or without merit, could be time-consuming
and distracting to management, result in costly litigation, or cause product shipment delays. Adverse determinations in litigation could
subject us to significant liability and could result in the loss of proprietary rights. A successful lawsuit against us could also force
us to cease selling or redesign products that incorporate the infringed intellectual property. Additionally, we could be required to seek
a license from the holder of the intellectual property to use the infringed technology, and we may not be able to obtain a license on
acceptable terms, or at all. 

Patent
terms are limited and we may not be able to effectively protect our products and business. 

 Patents
have a limited lifespan. In the U.S., the natural expiration of a patent is generally 20 years after it is filed. Although various extensions
may be available, the life of a patent, and the protection it affords, is limited. In addition, upon issuance in the U.S., the patent
term may be extended based on certain delays caused by the applicant(s) or the USPTO. Even if we obtain effective patent rights for all
our current patent applications, we may not have sufficient patent terms or regulatory exclusivity to protect our products, and our business
and results of operations would be adversely affected. 

 We
may be subject to claims challenging the inventorship of our patents and other intellectual property. 

 We
may be subject to claims that former employees, collaborators or other third parties have an interest in or right to compensation with
respect to our patents or other intellectual property as an inventor or co-inventor. For example, we may have inventorship disputes arise
from conflicting obligations of consultants or others who are involved in developing our product candidates. Litigation may be necessary
to defend against these and other claims challenging inventorship or claiming the right to compensation. If we fail in defending any such
claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights, such as exclusive ownership of, or
right to use, valuable intellectual property. Such an outcome could have a material adverse effect on our business. Even if we are successful
in defending against such claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to management and other employees.
To the extent that our employees have not effectively waived the right to compensation with respect to inventions that they helped create,
they may be able to assert claims for compensation with respect to our future revenue may be successful. As a result, we may receive less
revenue from future products if such claims are successful which in turn could impact our future profitability. 

24 

Changes
in U.S. patent law could diminish the value of patents in general, thereby impairing our ability to protect our products. 

 As
is the case with other equipment manufacturing companies, our success is heavily dependent on intellectual property, particularly patents.
Obtaining and enforcing patents in the biotechnology industry involves both technological and legal complexity. Therefore, obtaining and
enforcing patents is costly, time-consuming, and inherently uncertain. In addition, the U.S. has recently enacted and is currently implementing
wide-ranging patent reform legislation. Recent U.S. Supreme Court rulings have narrowed the scope of patent protection available in certain
circumstances and weakened the rights of patent owners in certain situations. In addition to increasing uncertainty with regard to our
ability to obtain patents in the future, this combination of events has created uncertainty with respect to the value of patents, once
obtained. Depending on future actions by the U.S. Congress, the federal courts and the USPTO, the laws and regulations governing patents
could change in unpredictable ways that would weaken our ability to obtain new patents or to enforce our existing patents and patents
that we might obtain in the future. 

 We
may not be able to protect our intellectual property rights throughout the world. 

 Filing,
prosecuting and defending patents on product candidates in all countries throughout the world would be prohibitively expensive, and our
intellectual property rights in some countries outside the U.S. can be less extensive than those in the U.S. In addition, the laws of
some foreign countries do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as federal and state laws in the U.S. Competitors
may use our technologies in jurisdictions where we have not obtained patent protection to develop their own products and may also export
otherwise infringing products to territories where we have patent protection, but enforcement is not as strong as that in the U.S. These
products may compete with our products and our patents or other intellectual property rights may not be effective or sufficient to prevent
them from competing. 

Many companies
have encountered significant problems in protecting and defending intellectual property rights in foreign jurisdictions. The legal systems
of certain countries, particularly certain developing countries, do not favor the enforcement of patents, trade secrets and other intellectual
property protection, particularly those relating to biotechnology products, which could make it difficult for us to stop the infringement
of our patents or marketing of competing products in violation of our proprietary rights generally. Proceedings to enforce our patent
rights in foreign jurisdictions, whether or not successful, could result in substantial costs and divert our efforts and attention from
other aspects of our business, could put our patents at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly and our patent applications
at risk of not issuing and could provoke third parties to assert claims against us. We may not prevail in any lawsuits that we initiate
and the damages or other remedies awarded, if any, may not be commercially meaningful. Accordingly, our efforts to enforce our intellectual
property rights around the world may be inadequate to obtain a significant commercial advantage from the intellectual property that we
develop or license. 

 Risks
Relating to Ownership of Our Securities 

 The
public price of our Common Stock may be volatile, and could, following a sale decline significantly and rapidly. 

 The
offering price for the shares will be determined by negotiations between us and the underwriters and may not be indicative of prices that
will prevail in the open market following this offering. The market price of our common stock may decline below the initial offering price,
and you may not be able to sell your shares of our common stock at or above the price you paid in the offering, or at all. Following this
Offering, the public price of our common stock in the secondary market will be determined by private buy and sell transaction orders collected
from broker-dealers. 

 We
may not be able to maintain a listing of our Common Stock. 

 In
order for our common stock to continue to be listed on Nasdaq, we must meet certain financial and liquidity criteria to maintain such
listing. If we violate the maintenance requirements for continued listing of our common stock, our common stock may be delisted. In addition,
our board may determine that the cost of maintaining our listing on a national securities exchange outweighs the benefits of such listing.
A delisting of our common stock from Nasdaq may materially impair our stockholders ability to buy and sell our common stock and
could have an adverse effect on the market price of, and the efficiency of the trading market for, our common stock. In addition, the
delisting of our common stock could significantly impair our ability to raise capital. 

 Our
directors and officers beneficially own more than 50 of the voting power of our voting stock as of December 31, 2022, and will be able
to exert a controlling influence over our business affairs and matters submitted to stockholders for approval. 

 Our
directors and officers have voting control over more than 50 of our voting stock (which excludes 265,253 shares underlying options and
warrants issued to the directors and officers, but does include 10,000 shares of the Company s Super Voting Preferred Stock beneficially
owned by Max Munn, our Chief Executive Officer, President and director , which is entitled to 1,000 votes per share (10,000,000 votes
in aggregate) and votes with the common stock as a single class. As a result, our directors and officers will have control over all matters
submitted to our stockholders for approval, including the election of directors, amendments to our certificate of incorporation and bylaws,
the approval of any business combination and any other significant corporate transaction. These actions may be taken even if they are
opposed by other stockholders. This concentration of ownership may also have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control
of our company or discouraging others from making tender offers for our shares, which could prevent our stockholders from receiving a
premium for their shares. 

25 

Our
directors and officers may have interests different from yours. 

 We
have not paid dividends on our Common Stock in the past and do not expect to pay dividends on our Common Stock in the future, and any
return on investment may be limited to the value of our stock. 

 We
have never paid cash dividends on our Common Stock and do not anticipate paying cash dividends on our Common Stock in the foreseeable
future. We currently intend to retain any future earnings to support the development of our business and do not anticipate paying cash
dividends in the foreseeable future. Our payment of any future dividends will be at the discretion of our board of directors after taking
into account various factors, including, but not limited to, our financial condition, operating results, cash needs, growth plans and
the terms of any credit agreements that we may be a party to at the time. In addition, our ability to pay dividends on our Common Stock
is limited by the terms of our Series A Perpetual Preferred Stock and may be limited by Delaware state law. Accordingly, investors must
rely on sales of their Common Stock after price appreciation, which may never occur, as the only way to realize a return on their investment. 

 The
elimination of personal liability against our directors and officers under Delaware law and the existence of indemnification rights held
by our directors, officers and employees may result in substantial expenses. 

 Our
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and our Bylaws eliminate the personal liability of our directors and officers to us
and our stockholders for damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director or officer to the extent permissible under Delaware law. Further,
our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and our Bylaws and individual indemnification agreements we have entered with each
of our directors and executive officers provide that we are obligated to indemnify each of our directors or officers to the fullest extent
authorized by the Delaware law and, subject to certain conditions, advance the expenses incurred by any director or officer in defending
any action, suit or proceeding prior to its final disposition. Those indemnification obligations could expose us to substantial expenditures
to cover the cost of settlement or damage awards against our directors or officers, which we may be unable to afford. Further, those provisions
and resulting costs may discourage us or our stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against any of our current or former directors or officers
for breaches of their fiduciary duties, even if such actions might otherwise benefit our stockholders, indemnification rights held by
our directors, officers and employees may result in substantial expenses. 

 Our
certificate of incorporation will designate the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware as the exclusive forum for certain litigation
that may be initiated by our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for
disputes with us. 

 Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation specifies that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum,
the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware shall be the sole and exclusive forum for: (a) any derivative action or proceeding brought
on behalf of the Company, (b) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer, employee or agent
of the Company to the Company or the Company s stockholders, (c) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision
of the Delaware General Corporation Law, the Company s Certificate of Incorporation or the Bylaws, or (d) any action asserting a
claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine, in each case subject to said Court of Chancery having personal jurisdiction over the
indispensable parties named as defendants therein. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of our
capital stock shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
described above. 

 We
believe these provisions benefit us by providing increased consistency in the application of Delaware law by chancellors particularly
experienced in resolving corporate disputes, efficient administration of cases on a more expedited schedule relative to other forums and
protection against the burdens of multi-forum litigation. However, the provision may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against
our directors, officers, employees and agents as it may limit any stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that
such stockholder finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers, employees or agents. The enforceability of similar choice
of forum provisions in other companies certificates of incorporation has been challenged in legal proceedings, and it is possible
that, in connection with any applicable action brought against us, a court could find the choice of forum provisions contained in our
restated certificate of incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable in such action. If a court were to find the choice of forum
provision contained in our restated certificate of incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional
costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition or
results of operations. 

26 

Our
revenues, operating results and cash flows may fluctuate in future periods and we may fail to meet investor expectations, which may cause
the price of our Common Stock to decline. 

 Variations
in our quarterly and year-end operating results are difficult to predict and our income and cash flows may fluctuate significantly from
period to period, which may impact our board of directors willingness or legal ability to declare a monthly dividend. If our operating
results fall below the expectations of investors or securities analysts, the price of our Common Stock could decline substantially. Specific
factors that may cause fluctuations in our operating results include: 

demand
 and pricing for our products and services; 

introduction
 of competing products; 

our
 operating expenses which fluctuate due to growth of our business; and 

variable
 sales cycle and implementation periods for content and services. 

The
market price of our securities could be substantially affected by various factors. 

 The
market price of our Common Stock could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to numerous factors. The price of the our Common Stock
that will prevail in the market after this offering may be higher or lower than the offering price depending on many factors, some of
which are beyond our control and may not be directly related to our operating performance. 

 These
factors include, but are not limited to, the following: 

trading
 prices of securities generally; 

general
 economic and financial market conditions; 

government
 action or regulation; 

the
 financial condition, performance and prospects of us and our competitors; 

changes
 in financial estimates or recommendations by securities analysts with respect to us or our competitors in our industry; 

our
 issuance of preferred equity or debt securities; and 

actual
 or anticipated variations in quarterly operating results of us and our competitors. 

As
a result of these and other factors, investors who purchase the Common Stock in this offering may experience a decrease, which could be
substantial and rapid, in the market price of the Common Stock, including decreases unrelated to our operating performance or prospects. 

You
should consult your own independent tax advisor regarding any tax matters arising with respect to the securities offered in connection
with this offering. 

 Participation
in this offering could result in various tax-related consequences for investors. All prospective purchasers of the resold securities are
advised to consult their own independent tax advisors regarding the U.S. federal, state, local and non-U.S. tax consequences relevant
to the purchase, ownership and disposition of the resold securities in their particular situations. 

 We
have not paid dividends on our common stock in the past and do not expect to pay dividends on our common stock in the future, and any
return on investment may be limited to the value of our stock. 

 We
have never paid cash dividends on our common stock and do not anticipate paying cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable
future. We currently intend to use any future earnings to pay dividends on our Series A Preferred Stock and to support the development
of our business and do not anticipate paying cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. Our payment of any future dividends
will be at the discretion of our board of directors after taking into account various factors, including, but not limited to, our financial
condition, operating results, cash needs, growth plans and the terms of any credit agreements that we may be a party to at the time. In
addition, our ability to pay dividends on our common stock may be limited by Delaware state law. Accordingly, investors must rely on sales
of their common stock after price appreciation, which may never occur, as the only way to realize a return on their investment. Investors
seeking cash dividends should not purchase our common stock. 

 We
will have broad discretion in using the proceeds of this offering and we may not effectively spend the proceeds. 

 We
will use the net proceeds of this offering for general corporate purposes, including investments and acquisitions. We have not allocated
any specific portion of the net proceeds to any particular purpose, and our management will have the discretion to allocate the proceeds
as it determines. We will have significant flexibility and broad discretion in applying the net proceeds of this offering, and we may
not apply these proceeds effectively. Our management might not be able to yield a significant return, if any, on any investment of these
net proceeds, and you will not have the opportunity to influence our decisions on how to use our net proceeds from this offering. 

27 

Provisions
of our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation could delay or prevent the acquisition or sale of our business. 

 Our
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation permits our Board of Directors to designate new series of preferred stock and issue
those shares without any vote or action by our stockholders. Such newly authorized and issued shares of preferred stock could contain
terms that grant special voting rights to the holders of such shares that make it more difficult to obtain stockholder approval for an
acquisition of our business or increase the cost of any such acquisition. 

 We
expect that we will need to raise additional capital, and raising additional funds by issuing additional equity securities or with additional
debt financing may cause dilution to shareholders or restrict our operations. 

 We
expect that we will need to raise additional capital in the future. We may raise additional funds through public or private equity or
debt offerings or other financings, as well as borrowings from banks or through the issuance of debt securities. 

 Any
new debt financing we enter into may involve covenants that restrict our operations more than our current outstanding debt. These restrictive
covenants could include limitations on additional borrowings and specific restrictions on the use of our assets, as well as prohibitions
or limitations on our ability to create liens, pay dividends, receive distributions from our subsidiaries, redeem or repurchase our stock
or make investments. These factors could hinder our access to capital markets and limit or delay our ability to carry out our capital
expenditure plan or pursue other opportunities beyond the current capital expenditure plan. Further, we may incur substantial costs in
pursuing any capital-raising transactions, including investment banking, legal and accounting fees. On the other hand, if we are unable
to obtain capital when needed, on reasonable terms and in amounts sufficient to fund our obligations, expenses, capital expenditure plan
and other strategic initiatives, we could be forced to suspend, delay or curtail these plans or initiatives or could default on our contractual
commitments. Any such outcome could negatively affect our business, performance, liquidity and prospects. 

The
Series A Preferred Stock ranks junior to all of our indebtedness and other liabilities. 

 In
the event of our bankruptcy, liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of our affairs, our assets will be available to pay obligations on
the Series A Preferred Stock only after all of our indebtedness and other liabilities have been paid. The rights of holders of the Series
A Preferred Stock to participate in the distribution of our assets will rank junior to the prior claims of our current and future creditors
and any future series or class of preferred stock we may issue that ranks senior to the Series A Preferred Stock. Also, the Series A Preferred
Stock effectively ranks junior to all existing and future indebtedness and to the indebtedness and other liabilities of any future subsidiaries.
Our existing subsidiaries are, and future subsidiaries would be, separate legal entities and have no legal obligation to pay any amounts
to us in respect of dividends due on the Series A Preferred Stock. 

 We
have incurred and may in the future incur substantial amounts of debt and other obligations that will rank senior to the Series A Preferred
Stock. If we are forced to liquidate our assets to pay our creditors, we may not have sufficient assets to pay amounts due on any or all
of the Series A Preferred Stock then outstanding. 

 The
Company s ability to pay dividends and to meet its debt obligations largely depends on the performance of its subsidiaries and the
ability to utilize the cash flows from those subsidiaries. 

 The
Company is a holding company for SteriLumen and MunnWorks and has no material assets other than its equity interests in those subsidiaries.
Therefore, the only current revenue source for future dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock is from its subsidiaries. SteriLumen is
an early-stage designer and marketer of disinfection systems with limited operating history spanning from December 2016. As a result of
the acquisition of the Akida assets, we expect that SteriLumen will have positive cash flow, but this cash flow combined with cash flows
from MunnWorks may not be sufficient to pay dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock. Our utilization of cash has been and will continue
to be highly dependent on SteriLumen s product development programs and cash flow from Airocide and MunnWorks operations.
Our cash expenses will be highly dependent on the product development programs SteriLumen chooses to pursue, the progress of these product
development programs, the results of SteriLumen s validation/marketing studies, the terms and conditions of SteriLumen s contracts
with service providers and manufacturing contractors, and the terms of recruitment of facilities in our validation/marketing studies. 

 In
addition, the subsidiaries and any joint ventures or other entities accounted for as equity method investments are separate and distinct
legal entities that are not obligated to pay dividends or make loans or distributions to the Company, whether to enable us to pay principal
and interest on our debt, our other obligations or dividends on our Common Stock or preferred stock (including the Series A Preferred
Stock offered hereby), and could be precluded from paying any such dividends or making any such loans or distributions under certain circumstances,
including, without limitation, as a result of legislation, regulation, court order, contractual restrictions or in times of financial
distress. The inability to access capital from our subsidiaries and entities accounted for as equity method investments as well from the
capital markets could have a material adverse effect on the Company s cash flows and financial condition and, on our ability, to
pay dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock. 

28 

The
Series A Preferred Stock will be effectively subordinated to the obligations of our subsidiaries. 

 We
are a holding company and conduct substantially all of our operations through our subsidiaries. Our right to receive any assets of any
of our subsidiaries upon their liquidation, reorganization or otherwise, and thus the ability of a holder of our Series A Preferred Stock
to benefit indirectly from such distribution, will be subject to the prior claims of the subsidiaries creditors. Even if we were
a creditor of any of our subsidiaries, our rights as a creditor would be subordinate to any security interest in the assets of those subsidiaries
and any indebtedness of those subsidiaries senior to that held by us. 

 We
must adhere to prescribed legal requirements and we must also have sufficient cash in order to be able to pay dividends on the Preferred
Stock. 

 In
accordance with Section 170 of the Delaware General Corporation Law DGCL ), we may only declare and pay cash dividends on
the Series A Preferred Stock if we have either net profits during the fiscal year in which the dividend is declared and/or the preceding
fiscal year, or a surplus , meaning the excess, if any, of our net assets (total assets less total liabilities) over our
capital. If the capital of the Company, computed in accordance with Sections 154 and 244 of the DGCL, shall have been diminished by depreciation
in the value of its property, or by losses, or otherwise, to an amount less than the aggregate amount of the capital represented by the
issued and outstanding stock of all classes having a preference upon the distribution of assets, the directors of the Company cannot declare
and pay out of such net profits any dividends upon any shares of any classes of its capital stock until the deficiency in the amount of
capital represented by the issued and outstanding stock of all classes having a preference upon the distribution of assets shall have
been repaired. We can provide no assurance that we will satisfy such requirements in any given year. Further, even if we have the legal
ability to declare a dividend, we may not have sufficient cash to pay dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock. Our ability to pay dividends
may be impaired if any of the risks described in this prospectus actually occur. Also, payment of our dividends depend upon our financial
condition and other factors as our board of directors may deem relevant from time to time. We cannot assure you that our businesses will
generate sufficient cash flow from operations or that future borrowings will be available to us in an amount sufficient to enable us to
pay dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock. 

 The
Series A Preferred Stock represents perpetual equity interests in us, and investors should not expect us to redeem the Series A Preferred
Stock on any such date that the Series A Preferred Stock becomes redeemable by us or on any particular date afterwards. 

 The
Series A Preferred Stock represents perpetual equity interests in us, and it has no maturity or mandatory redemption, is not redeemable
at the option of investors under any circumstances. As a result, unlike our indebtedness, the Series A Preferred Stock will not give rise
to a claim for payment of a principal amount at a particular date. As a result, holders of the Series A Preferred Stock may be required
to bear the financial risks of an investment in the Series A Preferred Stock for an indefinite period of time. 

 We
may redeem the Series A Preferred Stock on a date or dates determined in our sole discretion and the investor may not find a new investment
with a comparable dividend or interest rate. 

 The
Series A Preferred Stock will be a perpetual equity security. This means that it will have no maturity or mandatory redemption date and
will not be redeemable at the option of the holders. We may, at our option, after July 16, 2022, redeem the Series A Preferred Stock,
in whole or in part, at any time or from time to time as we may determine in our sole discretion, for cash at a redemption price equal
to 27.50 until July 16, 2026 and 25.00 thereafter. We may have an incentive to redeem the Series A Preferred Stock voluntarily if we
can do so without paying the premium or if market conditions allow us to issue other preferred stock or debt securities at a rate that
is lower than the dividend rate on the Series A Preferred Stock. If we redeem the Series A Preferred Stock, then from and after the redemption
date, dividends will cease to accrue on shares of Series A Preferred Stock, the shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall no longer be
deemed outstanding and all rights as a holder of those shares will terminate, except the right to receive the redemption price plus accumulated
and unpaid dividends, if any, payable upon redemption. If we choose to redeem the Series A Preferred Stock, you may not be able to reinvest
the redemption proceeds in a comparable security at an effective dividend or interest rate as high as the dividend payable on the Series
A Preferred Stock. 

29 

The
conversion feature may not adequately compensate you, and the conversion and redemption features of the Series A Preferred Stock may make
it more difficult for a party to take over our company and may discourage a party from taking over our company. 

 Upon
the occurrence of a Delisting Event or Change of Control, holders of the Series A Preferred Stock will have the right (unless, prior to
the Delisting Event Conversion Date or Change of Control Conversion Date, as applicable, we have provided or provide notice of our election
to redeem the Series A Preferred Stock) to direct the depositary to convert some or all of the Series A Preferred Stock into our common
stock (or equivalent value of alternative consideration), and under these circumstances we will also have a special optional redemption
right to redeem the Series A Preferred Stock. See Description of Series A Preferred Conversion Rights and Special
Optional Redemption. Upon such a conversion, the holders will be limited to a maximum number of shares of our common stock
equal to the Share Cap multiplied by the number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock converted. If the Common Stock Price is less than
 4.67 (which is approximately 50 of the closing sale price per share of our common stock on July 12, 2021), subject to adjustment, the
holders will receive a maximum of 5.353319 shares of our common stock per share of Series A Preferred Stock, which may result in
a holder receiving value that is less than the liquidation preference of the Series A Preferred Stock. In addition, those features of
the Series A Preferred Stock may have the effect of inhibiting a third party from making an acquisition proposal for our company or of
delaying, deferring or preventing a change of control of our company under circumstances that otherwise could provide the holders of our
common stock and Series A Preferred Stock with the opportunity to realize a premium over the then-current market price or that stockholders
may otherwise believe is in their best interests. 

 The
Series A Preferred Stock has not been rated. 

 We
have not sought to obtain a rating for the Series A Preferred Stock, and the Series A Preferred Stock may never be rated. It is possible,
however, that one or more rating agencies might independently determine to assign a rating to the Series A Preferred Stock or that we
may elect to obtain a rating of the Series A Preferred Stock in the future. In addition, we may elect to issue other securities for which
we may seek to obtain a rating. If any ratings are assigned to the Series A Preferred Stock in the future or if we issue other securities
with a rating, such ratings, if they are lower than market expectations or are subsequently lowered or withdrawn, could adversely affect
the market for or the market value of the Series A Preferred Stock. Ratings only reflect the views of the issuing rating agency or agencies
and such ratings could at any time be revised downward or withdrawn entirely at the discretion of the issuing rating agency. A rating
is not a recommendation to purchase, sell or hold any particular security, including the Series A Preferred Stock. Ratings do not reflect
market prices or suitability of a security for a particular investor and any future rating of the Series A Preferred Stock may not reflect
all risks related to us and our business, or the structure or market value of the Series A Preferred Stock. 

 If
Nasdaq delists the Series A Preferred Stock, investors ability to make trades in the Series A Preferred Stock could be limited. 

 Our
Series A Preferred Stock is traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol AUVIP. In order to continue to be listed
on the Nasdaq Capital Market, we must meet and maintain certain financial, distribution, and share price levels. Generally, this means
having a minimum number of publicly held shares of Series A Preferred Stock (generally 1,000,000 shares), a minimum market value (generally
 5,000,000), a minimum net income from continuing operations (generally 750,000) and a minimum number of holders (generally 300 public
holders). If we are also unable to meet the listing standards for the Nasdaq Capital Market, we may apply to have our Series A Preferred
Stock quoted by OTC Markets. If we are unable to maintain listing for the Series A Preferred Stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market, the ability
to transfer or sell shares of the Series A Preferred Stock will be limited and the market value of the Series A Preferred Stock will likely
be materially adversely affected. Moreover, since the Series A Preferred Stock has no stated maturity date, investors may be forced to
hold shares of the Series A Preferred Stock indefinitely while receiving stated dividends thereon when, as and if authorized by our board
of directors and paid by us with no assurance as to ever receiving the liquidation value thereof. 

 The
market for our Series A Preferred Stock may not provide investors with adequate liquidity. 

 Liquidity
of the market for the Series A Preferred Stock depends on a number of factors, including prevailing interest rates, our financial condition
and operating results, the number of holders of the Series A Preferred Stock, the market for similar securities and the interest of securities
dealers in making a market in the Series A Preferred Stock. We cannot predict the extent to which investor interest in our Company will
maintain a trading market in our Series A Preferred Stock, or how liquid that market will be. If an active market is not maintained, investors
may have difficulty selling shares of our Series A Preferred Stock. 

We
are allowed to issue shares of other series of preferred stock that rank above or equal to the Series A Preferred Stock as to dividend
payments and rights upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up of our affairs without first obtaining the approval of the holders
of our Series A Preferred Stock. The issuance of additional shares of Series A Preferred Stock and/or additional series of preferred stock
could have the effect of reducing the amounts available to the Series A Preferred Stock upon our liquidation or dissolution or the winding
up of our affairs. It also may reduce dividend payments on the Series A Preferred Stock if we do not have sufficient funds to pay dividends
on all Series A Preferred Stock outstanding and other classes or series of stock with equal or senior priority with respect to dividends.
Future issuances and sales of senior or pari passu preferred stock, or the perception that such issuances and sales could occur, may cause
prevailing market prices for the Series A Preferred Stock and our Common Stock to decline and may adversely affect our ability to raise
additional capital in the financial markets at times and prices favorable to us. 

30 

Market
interest rates may materially and adversely affect the value of the Series A Preferred Stock. 

 One
of the factors that will influence the price of the Series A Preferred Stock is the dividend yield on the Series A Preferred Stock (as
a percentage of the market price of the Series A Preferred Stock) relative to market interest rates. Continued increase in market interest
rates may lead prospective purchasers of the Series A Preferred Stock to expect a higher dividend yield (and higher interest rates would
likely increase our borrowing costs and potentially decrease funds available for dividend payments). Thus, higher market interest rates
could cause the market price of the Series A Preferred Stock to materially decrease. 

 Holders
of the Series A Preferred Stock may be unable to use the dividends-received deduction and may not be eligible for the preferential tax
rates applicable to qualified dividend income. 

 Distributions
paid to corporate U.S. holders of the Series A Preferred Stock may be eligible for the dividends-received deduction, and distributions
paid to non-corporate U.S. holders of the Series A Preferred Stock may be subject to tax at the preferential tax rates applicable to qualified
dividend income, only if we have current or accumulated earnings and profits, as determined for U.S. federal income tax purposes.
Additionally, we may not have sufficient current earnings and profits during future fiscal years for the distributions on the Series A
Preferred Stock to qualify as dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes. If the distributions fail to qualify as dividends, U.S.
holders would be unable to use the dividends-received deduction and may not be eligible for the preferential tax rates applicable to qualified
dividend income. If any distributions on the Series A Preferred Stock with respect to any fiscal year are not eligible for
the dividends-received deduction or preferential tax rates applicable to qualified dividend income because of insufficient
current or accumulated earnings and profits, it is possible that the market value of the Series A Preferred Stock might decline. 

 A
holder of Series A Preferred Stock has essentially no voting rights. 

 The
holders of Series A Preferred Stock will not be entitled to vote on any matter that comes before our stockholders for a vote unless such
vote is required by the DGCL. This means that, unless it is required by Delaware law, you will not have the right to participate in any
decisions regarding or affecting our Company or your investment, including the election of directors or any extraordinary events, such
as a merger, acquisition or other similar transaction. Decisions on those matters could be made in a manner that materially and adversely
affects your interests. Our shares of the Super Voting Preferred Stock and our Common Stock are the only classes of our securities that
carry full voting rights. See Description of the Securities--Series A Preferred Stock Voting Rights. 

 Future
issuances of preferred stock may reduce the value of the Series A Preferred Stock. 

 We
may sell additional shares of preferred stock on terms that may differ from those of the Series A Preferred Stock. Such shares could rank
on parity with or senior to the Series A Preferred Stock offered hereby as to dividends, voting or rights upon liquidation, winding up
or dissolution. The creation and subsequent issuance of additional classes of preferred stock on parity with the Series A Preferred Stock,
could dilute the interests of the holders of Series A Preferred Stock offered hereby. Any issuance of preferred stock that is senior to
the Series A Preferred Stock would not only dilute the interests of the holders of Series A Preferred Stock offered hereby, but also could
affect our ability to pay distributions on, redeem or pay the liquidation preference on the Series A Preferred Stock. 

We
have issued 1,250,000 shares of another series of preferred stock that ranks on parity with the Series A Preferred Stock and such issuance
could impact our ability to pay dividends upon the Series A Preferred Stock and will dilute the payment of any liquidation proceeds to
the Series A Preferred Stock. 

 We
have issued 1,250,000 shares of 2 Series B Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock (the Series B Preferred Stock ), which has
a liquidation preference of 6.00 per share and ranks on parity with the Series A Preferred Stock. As long as any dividend payments on
the Series B Preferred Stock that are due are not made, we will not be able make dividend payments on the Series A Preferred Stock. Additionally,
because the Series B Preferred Stock rank on parity with the Series A Preferred Stock, upon a liquidation of the Company, holders of the
Series A Preferred Stock and Holders of Series B Preferred Stock will be entitled to receive their pro rata portion of the liquidation
proceeds available to the aggregate outstanding amount of Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock, which could result in
the holders of the Sries A Preferred Stock receiving less liquidation proceeds than it otherwise be entitled to. 

31 

If
we are not paying full dividends on any future dividend parity stock, we will not be able to pay full dividends on the Series A Preferred
Stock. 

 When
dividends are not paid in full on outstanding shares of any class or series of our stock that ranks on a parity with the Series A Preferred
Stock in the payment of dividends dividend parity stock for a dividend period, all dividends declared with respect to
shares of Series A Preferred Stock and all shares of outstanding dividend parity stock for such dividend period shall be declared pro
rata so that the respective amounts of such dividends declared bear the same ratio to each other as all accrued but unpaid dividends
per share on the shares of Series A Preferred Stock and all shares of outstanding dividend parity stock for such dividend period bear
to each other. Therefore, if we are not paying full dividends on any outstanding shares of dividend parity stock, we will not be able
to pay full dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock. 

 Item 1B .
 Unresolved Staff Comments 

 None. 

 Item
2. Properties. 

 We
lease and maintain our primary offices and manufacturing facility at 150 N. Macquesten Parkway, Mount Vernon, NY 10550, 185 Randolph Street,
Brooklyn, NY 11237, and at 3625 Kennesaw North Industrial Pkwy NW, Kennesaw, GA. 30144. We do not currently own any real estate. 

 Item
3. Legal Proceedings 

 On
February 25, 2022, James Doyle, a former Chief Operating Officer of the Company filed an arbitration claim against the Company for approximately
 1.5 million plus attorneys fees and other costs with the American Arbitration Association in the State of New York for severance
pay and other claims after being terminated by the Company for cause. The arbitration proceeding was initiated pursuant to the arbitration
provision in Mr. Doyle s employment agreement with the Company. The evidentiary hearing was conducted at the American Arbitration
Association s midtown offices on November 7 - 10, 2022. Afterwards, the parties submitted post-hearing briefs. On January
24, 2023, the arbitration panel issued a Partial Final Award, whereby the Panel denied five of the seven counts asserted by Doyle, and
awarded him only 100,000 in severance pay plus 21,154 in unused vacation time plus 6,379 additional shares in the Company pursuant to
the terms of his Employment Agreement. Because Mr. Doyle was determined to be the prevailing party, the Panel awarded him his reasonable
attorneys fees and expenses, which amounts are currently the subject of post-hearing briefing. The respective amounts have
been recorded in the Company s financial statements in S,G A, interest expense, and accrued expenses. 

 From
time to time, we may be subject to legal proceedings and claims in the ordinary course of business. We may in the future receive claims
from third parties asserting, among other things, infringement of their intellectual property rights. Future litigation may be necessary
to defend ourselves, our partners and our customers by determining the scope, enforceability and validity of third-party proprietary
rights, or to establish our proprietary rights. The results of any future litigation cannot be predicted with certainty, and regardless
of the outcome, litigation can have an adverse impact on us because of defense and settlement costs, diversion of management resources,
and other factors. To date, we have not been made aware of any actual, pending or threatened litigation against the Company. 

 Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

 Not
applicable. 

32 

PART
II 

 Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

 Market
Information 

 Our
common stock has been traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol AUVI. 

 Holders 

 As
of March 31, 2023, there were 24 stockholders of record of our common stock. Because many of our shares of common stock are held by brokers
and other institutions on behalf of stockholders, this number is not representative of the total number of beneficial owners of our stock. 

 Dividends 

 We
have never paid cash dividends on our Common Stock and do not anticipate paying cash dividends on our Common Stock in the foreseeable
future. We currently intend to retain any future earnings to support the development of our business and do not anticipate paying cash
dividends in the foreseeable future. Our payment of any future dividends will be at the discretion of our board of directors after taking
into account various factors, including, but not limited to, our financial condition, operating results, cash needs, growth plans and
the terms of any credit agreements that we may be a party to at the time. In addition, our ability to pay dividends on our Common Stock
is limited by the terms of our Series A Perpetual Preferred Stock and may be limited by Delaware state law. Accordingly, investors must
rely on sales of their Common Stock after price appreciation, which may never occur, as the only way to realize a return on their investment. 

 Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

 During
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 we made the following unregistered sales of our securities: 

 On
January 1, 2022 the Company issued in the aggregate 62,500 unvested shares of its Common Stock to its independent directors, which vest
on January 1, 2023. 

 On
January 1, 2022, the Company issued 50,000 shares of its Common Stock to Michael Riccio, Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to his employment
agreement. 

 On
March 31, 2022, there was a settlement of a dispute between the Company and the members of Old SAM Partners, LLC (SAM), formerly known
as Scientific Air Management, LLC, regarding certain representations and warranties in the purchase agreement which resulted in a settlement
and mutual release agreement whereby the seller agreed to relinquish any right, title, and interest in the previously issued 400,000 shares. 

 On
April 11, 2022 the Company issued 75,000 shares of its Common Stock to John Andrews, Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to his employment
agreement. Mr. Andrews resigned from the Company as of December 19, 2022, resulting in the cancellation of 59,035 of his unvested shares. 

 On
May 17, 2022, the Company issued 10,000 shares of its Common to Stock to Joseph Luhukay, who was elected to the board of directors by
the stockholders on May 17, 2022. 

 On
May 17, 2022, the Company issued 10,000 shares of its Common to Stock to Monica Woo, who was elected to the board of directors by the
stockholders on May 17, 2022. 

 On May 17,
2022, the Company cancelled 17,500 unvested shares of its Common Stock held by Joel Kanter, former Chairman of the Board, who was not
re-elected by the stockholders. 

 On May 17,
2022, the Company cancelled 17,500 unvested shares of its Common Stock held by Alastair Clemow, former director, who resigned from the
board as of May 17, 2022. 

 On May 17,
2022, the Company cancelled 17,500 unvested shares of its Common Stock held by Eugene Bauer, former director, who resigned from the board
as of May 17, 2022. 

33 

The foregoing
issuances were exempt from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act or Regulation D promulgated thereunder. 

 Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

 The
following table sets forth information concerning grants of option awards pursuant to employees, directors, consultants and other independent
contractors during the year ended December 31, 2022: 

Plan category 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders (1) 
 895,000 
 3.12 
 1,605,000 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders (2) 
 105,028 
 7.75 

Total 
 1,000,028 
 3.61 

(1) 
 The
 Applied UV, Inc. 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the Plan permits grants of equity awards to employees, directors, consultants
 and other independent contractors. Our board of directors and shareholders have approved a total reserve of 2,500,000 shares for issuance
 under the Plan. 

(2) 
 Includes
 103,278 options granted to Max Munn pursuant his employment contract. 

Transfer
Agent 

 The
transfer agent for the common stock is Vstock Transfer LLC, 18 Lafayette Place, Woodmere, New York, telephone (212) 828-8436. 

 Purchases
of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

 None. 

 Item
6. [Reserved]. 

34 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

 Overview 

 Applied
UV, Inc. AUVI is a leading sales and marketing company that develops, acquires, markets and sells proprietary surface
and air disinfection technology focused on Improving Indoor Air Quality (IAQ), specialty LED lighting and luxury mirrors and commercial
furnishings, all of which serves clients globally in the healthcare, commercial public venue, hospitality, food preservation, cannabis,
education, and winery vertical markets. 

 With
its established strategic manufacturing partnerships and alliances including Canon, Acuity, Johnson Controls, USHIO, Siemens, Grainger,
and a global network of 89 dealers and distributors in 52 countries, 47 manufacturing representatives, and 10 US based internal sales
representatives, AUVI offers a complete suite of products through its two wholly owned subsidiaries - SteriLumen, Inc. SteriLumen and Munn Works, LLC MunnWorks ). 

 SteriLumen,
AUVI s subsidiary, owns, brands, and markets a portfolio of research backed and clinically proven products utilizing advanced UVC
Carbon, Broad Spectrum UVC LED s, and Photo-catalytic oxidation (PCO) pathogen elimination technology, branded as Airocide ,
Scientific Air , Airoclean 420, Lumicide , PUROAir, PUROHealth, PURONet, and LED Supply Company. Sterilumen s
proprietary platform suite of patented surface and air technologies offers one of the most complete pathogen disinfection platforms including
mobile, fixed, and HVAC systems and software solutions interconnecting its entire portfolio suite into the IoT, allowing customers to
implement, manage and monitor IAQ measures recommended by the EPA across any enterprise. Additionally, the Lumicide platform applies
the power of ultraviolet light (UVC) to destroy pathogens automatically, addressing the challenge of healthcare-acquired infections HAI s)
in several patented designs for infection control in healthcare. LED Supply Company is a full-service,
wholesale distributor of LED lighting and controls throughout North America. MunnWorks manufactures and sells custom luxury and
electrified mirrors and superior furnishings for the hospitality industry. 

 Our
global list of Fortune 100 end users including Kaiser Permanente, NY Health+Hospitals, MERCY Healthcare, University of Chicago Medical,
Baptist Health South Florida, New York City Transit, Samsung, JB Hunt, Boston Red Sox s Fenway Park, JetBlue Park, France s
Palace of Versailles, Whole Foods, Del Monte Foods, U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs, Marriott, Hilton, Four Seasons and Hyatt, and
more. For information on Applied UV, Inc., and its subsidiaries, please visit https://www.applieduvinc.com 

 Air Disinfection
Solutions LED Lighting: Airocide, Scientific Air, PURO and LED Supply Co. 

 In
February of 2021, the Company acquired all the assets and assumed certain liabilities of Akida Holdings, LLC Akida ). At
the time of the acquisition, Akida owned the Airocide system of air purification technologies, originally developed for NASA with
assistance from the University of Wisconsin at Madison, that uses a combination of UVC and a proprietary, titanium dioxide based photocatalyst
that has helped to accelerate the reopening of the global economy with applications in the hospitality, hotel, healthcare, nursing home,
grocer, wine, commercial building and retail sectors. The Airocide system has been used by brands such as NASA, Whole Foods, Dole,
Chiquita, Opus One, Sub-Zero Refrigerators and Robert Mondavi Wines. Akida had contracted KES Science Technology, Inc. KES to manufacture, warehouse and distribute the Airocide system and Akida s contractual relationship with KES was assigned to
and assumed by the Company as part of the acquisition. 

 On
September 28, 2021, the Company acquired all the assets and assumed certain liabilities of KES. At the time of the acquisition, KES was
principally engaged in the manufacturing and distribution of the Airocide system of air purification technologies and misting systems.
KES also had the exclusive right to the sale and distribution of the Airocide system in certain markets. This acquisition consolidated
all of manufacturing, sale and distribution of the Airocide system under the SteriLumen brand and expanded the Company s
market presence in food distribution, post-harvest produce, wineries, and retail sectors. The Company sells its products throughout the
United States, Canada, and Europe. 

35 

The
Airocide system of air purification technologies, originally developed for the National Aeronautics and Space Administration NASA with assistance from the University of Wisconsin at Madison, uses a combination of UVC and a proprietary, titanium dioxide based photocatalyst
to eliminate airborne bacteria, mold, fungi, viruses, volatile organic compounds and many odors. The core Airocide technology has
been in use on the International Space Station and is based on photo-catalytic oxidation (PCO), a bioconversion process that continuously
converts damaging molds, microorganisms, dangerous pathogens, destructive volatile organic chemicals (VOCs) and biological gasses into
harmless water vapor. Unlike other air purification systems that provide active air cleaning, ozone producing systems, ionization
or photo-electrochemical oxidation , Airocide s nanocoating technology permanently bonds titanium dioxide to
the surface of the catalytic bed. This permits the perpetual generation of surface-bound (OH-) radicals over the large surface area created
by their advanced geometric design and prevents the generation and release of ozone and other harmful byproducts. The proprietary formulation
and methods for creating the catalyst are the basis of Airocide s competitive advantage, making it the only consistently
robust, highly effective, ozone free PCO technology on the market. Airocide has been tested over the past 12 years by governmental
agencies such as NASA, the National Renewable Energy Laboratory, independent universities including the University of Wisconsin, Texas
Tech University, and Texas A M, as well as air quality science laboratories. Airocide technology is listed as a FDA Class II
Medical Device, making it a suitable for providing medical grade air purification in critical hospital use cases. Airocide Product
lines include APS (consumer units), the GCS and HD lines (commercial units that will include the Sterilumen App to bring connectivity,
reporting and asset management to our suite of products). The APS series provides true choice, low maintenance filter-less PCO or a filtered
PCO air purification option ideal for restaurants, conference rooms, residential and small business or home office spaces. The GCS series
is suitable for larger public spaces and enclosed rooms that may have high occupancy such as offices, waiting rooms and hotel lobbies,
and airport gate areas. The HD series is the most powerful, providing two-stage purification for fast sanitization of larger or industrial
spaces such as sporting venues and locker rooms, airports, museums, winery cellars, warehouses, and food-processing facilities. All Airocide 
products also extend the life of any perishables like fruit, produce or flowers. 

 On
October 13, 2021, we acquired substantially all of the assets of Old SAM Partners, LLC F/K/A Scientific Air Management, LLC Old
SAM ), which owned a line of air purification technologies Scientific Air ). The Scientific Air product line uses
a combination of UVC and a proprietary, patented system to eliminate airborne bacteria, mold, fungi, viruses, volatile organic compounds,
and many odors without producing any harmful by-products. Scientific Air s products are well suited for larger spaces within a facility
due to the higher air flow of these units. The units are also mobile with industrial grade casters, allowing for movement throughout a
facility to address increased bio burden from larger meetings or increased human traffic. Both of these key items extend our Airocide 
line, creating a comprehensive air disinfection portfolio that spans from small to large spaces and mobile applications. Scientific Air s
products are currently sold predominantly in North America and into the healthcare market. 

 PURO
Lighting 

 On
January 26, 2023 we closed on the merger agreement with PURO Lighting LLC and LED Supply Co. LLC along with its operating subsidiaries PURO merger ). PURO and LED Supply Co. own a powerful suite of products used in education, government, and healthcare that
incorporates UV Lighting and a HVAC monitoring software platform; LED Supply Co. provides design, distribution, and implementation services
for lighting, controls and smart building technologies. 

 PURO
Lighting was founded in 2019 with the goal of using light technology to promote health and wellness within spaces. Today PURO provides
a suite of UV disinfection systems that have the ability to disinfect air and surfaces in commercial and industrial spaces. They focus
their sales efforts in three primary verticals: Education, Government, and Healthcare. The acquisition of Puro Lighting, LLC adds
PUROHealth and PURONet - a powerful suite of products used in healthcare that incorporates UV Lighting and a HVAC monitoring software
platform. With their UL listed and patented portfolio of independently tested (Resonova Labs) synergistic surface and air disinfection
technologies that help facility managers protect against multiple pathogens, PURO opens new opportunities for cross marketing sales to
existing distribution channels. Additionally, the potential to inter-connect our entire portfolio of disinfection technology solutions
into the IoT will provide our customers with both products and smart tools to manage and monitor indoor air quality (IAQ) across any enterprise.
Applied UV s proprietary platform suite of patented technologies offers the most complete pathogen disinfection platform including
mobile, fixed and HVAC systems and solutions allowing companies to implement the IAQ measures recommended by the EPA. PURO boast
a strong domestic sales network with reps in 43 states, and distribution in all 50 states. Their product offerings encompass a range
of innovative solutions, including UVC systems for air handling, in-room continuous disinfection using cutting-edge Far-UVC technology,
and specialized surface disinfection solutions designed specifically for the healthcare industry. 

 The
Puro merger further positions the Company to address a growing air disinfection market trend that aligns with the White House Clean
Air Initiatives implemented during the height of the COVID 19 Pandemic designed to protect consumers and businesses against existing
and future airborne pathogens allowing economies globally to remain open. The merged entities have proven applications that can now be
included in improving indoor air quality (IAQ) at the facility level including HVAV systems in public, government, municipal, retail spaces
and buildings. The Puro merger positions Applied UV to be one of the only companies in the world to offer a complete air and surface disinfection
platform that includes consumer, fixed and mobile, and commercial applications that are research backed, clinically tested and that are
used by global Fortune 100 end users in multiple verticals. 

36 

LED
Supply Company 

 Founded
in 2009, LED Supply Company is a national, Colorado-based company that provides design, distribution, and implementation services for
lighting, controls and smart building technologies. LED Supply Co continues to expand their market reach with a focus on new types of
energy efficiency and sustainable technologies. Along with its robust e-commerce component, LED Supply Company has recently taken
the next step in revenue growth by repositioning itself as a preferred supplier for not only the latest in LED technologies, but the source
for emerging technologies and product categories that the construction and retrofit market need; from electric vehicle charging to smart
home technology, emergency and safety equipment, and much more. 

 We
see a number of bidirectional synergies across our entire air and surface disinfection portfolio. First, we look to leverage Airocide s
global distribution capabilities to facilitate the sale of Scientific Air s and PURO Lightings offerings internationally.
Second, we look to leverage PURO Lightings strength in healthcare to pull through existing Airocide units, creating a broad
healthcare product line, from small clinics, patient rooms and doctor s offices to larger spaces such as nursing stations, waiting
rooms and cafeterias. Third, we look to leverage the national MunnWorks hospitality reach with leading luxury hotel chain operators to
pull through our entire air and surface disinfection portfolio (Airocide and Lumicide as well as PURO Lightings 
offerings into future hotel, condo and other renovation, upgrade and remodeling projects. Fourth, the Company will look to work with Canon
Virginias (CVI) extensive field support team to promote the sale of the Companys products as well as service capabilities. 
Finally, we look to incorporate the PUROAir, PUROHealth and PURONet (a powerful suite of products used in healthcare that incorporates
UV Lighting and a HVAC monitoring software platform) into our IoT integration plans via the Sterilumen App across our entire platform
connecting all our units, thereby creating a leading smart asset management, reporting, and control system tool that can be incorporated
across all enterprises. 

 Principal
Factors Affecting Our Financial Performance 

 Our operating
results are primarily affected by the following factors: 

our
 ability to acquire new customers or retain existing customers; 

our
 ability to offer competitive product pricing; 

our
 ability to broaden product offerings; 

industry
 demand and competition; and 

market
 conditions and our market positions 

Results
of Operations 

 Year
Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Hospitality 
 Disinfection 
 Corporate 
 Total 
 Hospitality 
 Disinfection 
 Corporate 
 Total 
 
 Net Sales 
 13,639,370 
 6,500,479 
 
 20,139,849 
 5,943,664 
 5,723,915 
 
 11,667,579 
 
 Cost of Goods Sold 
 12,375,645 
 3,725,910 
 
 16,101,555 
 4,488,652 
 3,080,541 
 
 7,569,193 
 
 Gross Profit 
 1,263,725 
 2,774,569 
 
 4,038,294 
 1,455,012 
 2,643,374 
 
 4,098,386 
 
 Research and development 
 
 319,167 
 
 319,167 
 
 53,408 
 
 53,408 
 
 Loss on impairment of goodwill 
 
 6,993,075 
 
 6,993,075 

Selling, General and Administrative 
 4,351,932 
 7,680,551 
 2,771,585 
 14,804,068 
 2,281,460 
 6,110,206 
 2,950,046 
 11,341,712 
 
 Total Operating expenses 
 4,351,932 
 14,992,793 
 2,771,585 
 22,116,310 
 2,281,460 
 6,163,614 
 2,950,046 
 11,395,120 
 
 Operating Loss 
 (3,088,207 
 (12,218,224 
 (2,771,585 
 (18,078,016 
 (826,448 
 (3,520,240 
 (2,950,046 
 (7,296,734 
 
 Other Income 

Change in Fair Market Value of Warrant Liability 

58,276 
 58,276 

66,862 
 66,862 
 
 Interest expense 

(290,341 
 (290,341 

Gain on settlement of contingent consideration 

1,700,000 
 1,700,000 

Loss on change in contingent consideration 

(240,000 
 (240,000 

(574,000 
 (574,000 
 
 Forgiveness of paycheck protection program loan 

296,827 
 296,827 
 
 Other income 

274,764 
 274,764 

24,871 
 24,871 
 
 Total Other Income (Expense) 

1,502,699 
 1,502,699 

(185,440 
 (185,440 
 
 Loss Before Provision for Income Taxes 
 (3,088,207 
 (12,218,224 
 (1,268,886 
 (16,575,317 
 (826,448 
 (3,520,240 
 (3,135,486 
 (7,482,174 
 
 Provision for Income Taxes 

(91,819 
 (91,819 
 
 Net Loss 
 (3,088,207 
 (12,218,224 
 (1,268,886 
 (16,575,317 
 (826,448 
 (3,520,240 
 (3,043,667 
 (7,390,355 
 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 

Adjusted EBITDA 

Operating Loss 
 (3,088,207 
 (12,218,224 
 (2,771,585 
 (18,078,016 
 (826,448 
 (3,520,240 
 (2,950,046 
 (7,296,734 
 
 Depreciation and Amortization 
 321,973 
 1,815,868 
 77,600 
 2,215,441 
 31,205 
 915,539 
 
 946,744 
 
 Loss on impairment of goodwill 
 
 6,993,075 
 
 6,993,075 

Stock based compensation 
 194,458 
 133,012 
 392,932 
 720,402 
 290,706 
 229,898 
 1,029,183 
 1,549,787 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 (2,571,776 
 (3,276,269 
 (2,301,053 
 (8,149,098 
 (504,537 
 (2,374,803 
 (1,920,863 
 (4,800,203 

37 

Adjusted
EBITDA 

 The
Company utilizes Adjusted EBITDA, a non-GAAP financial measure, to assist in analyzing our segment operating performance by removing the
impact of certain key items that management believes do not directly reflect our underlying operations. In addition, we consider certain
non-GAAP (or adjusted measures to be useful to management and investors evaluating our operating performance for the periods
presented, and provide a tool for evaluating our ongoing operations, liquidity, and management of assets. This information can assist
investors in assessing our financial performance and measures our ability to generate capital. These adjusted metrics are consistent with
how management views our business and are used to make financial, operating and planning decisions. These metrics, however, are not measures
of financial performance under GAAP and should not be considered a substitute for revenues, operating income, net income (loss), earnings
(loss) per share (basic and diluted) or net cash from operating activities as determined in accordance with GAAP. Adjusted EBITDA
is defined as Operating Profit (Loss), excluding Depreciation and Amortization, and excluding Stock Based Compensation and Loss on Impairment
of Goodwill/Intangible Assets. Adjusted EBITDA was a loss of 8.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, which was an increase
of 3.3 million as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. By segment, Hospitality decreased 2.1 million primarily due to lower
gross profit on the completion of projects that were in process when the Company acquired the assets of VisionMark; Disinfection decreased
 0.9 million primarily due to the increase in S,G A from the asset acquisitions of KES and SciAir in late Q3/early Q4 2021; and Corporate
decreased 0.3 million primarily due to an increase in professional fees. 

 Segments 

 The
Company has three reportable segments: the design, manufacture, assembly and distribution of a suite of air (fixed and mobile) and surface
disinfecting systems for use in healthcare, hospitality, food preservation, education, and winery vertical markets (Disinfection segment);
the manufacture of fine mirrors and custom furniture specifically for the hospitality and retail industries (Hospitality segment); and
the Corporate segment, which includes expenses primarily related to corporate governance, such as board fees, legal expenses, audit fees,
executive management, and listing costs. See NOTE 14 Segment Reporting. 

 Net
Sales 

 Net
sales of 20.1 million represented an increase of 8.5 million, or 72.6 for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to net sales
of 11.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. This increase was primarily attributable to the Hospitality segment, with sales
of 13.6 million, representing an increase of 7.7 million or 129.5 as compared to 2021. This was largely due to the VisionMark asset
acquisition, accounting for 6.0 million of the increase, plus the increase in sales in the base MunnWorks business of 1.7 million, or
28.5 . The Hospitality segment is currently experiencing a rebound in the markets it serves due to hotels resuming their scheduled upgrade,
remodel and repair and maintenance activities that were postponed due to the Covid-19 pandemic and subsequent closing of the US economy.
The Disinfection segment had sales of 6.5 million in 2022, which represented a 13.6 increase over 2021. The rate of growth was lower
than expected as the Disinfection markets have not yet rebounded from the initial buy-in during the early stages of the
Covid-19 pandemic. Additionally, due to macro market shifts, the Company saw major global trends towards end-to-end systems across entire
facilities that include software monitoring capabilities. This allows facilities to implement standards included in the current Environmental
Protection Administration s (EPA) Clean The Air initiatives and guidelines announced in early 2022. These guidelines
set the standards that are focused on improving Indoor Air Quality (IAQ), including indoor air ventilation and HVAC systems in all public
spaces. With these shifting macro trends the Company altered its marketing, merger and acquisition, and research and development activities
to address these changes. Additionally, the Company accelerated its Internet of Things (IoT) development, manufacturing processes, and
next generation product development roadmap. The PURO merger, coupled with the strategic manufacturing partnership with Canon, further
addresses this shift in focus. 

 Gross
Profit 

 Gross
profit was 4.0 million, which was 20.1 of sales for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 4.1 million, which is 35.1 of
sales for the year ended December 31, 2021. Gross profit as a percentage of sales decreased primarily due to the higher sales mix of the
Hospitality segment. The Hospitality segment s sales for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 67.7 of AUVI s total as compared
to 50.9 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Additionally, the Hospitality segment s gross profit as a percentage of sales decreased
from 24.5 for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 9.3 for the year ended December 31, 2022, largely as a result of the lower gross profit
on the completion of projects that were in process when the Company acquired the assets of VisionMark, which was a non-recurring event.
The Company is focused on streamlining both manufacturing and distribution operations across both segments. 

38 

Operating
Expenses 

 Selling,
General, and Administrative S,G A costs were 14.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, which represented an
increase of 3.5 million as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. This increase was driven primarily by the asset acquisitions
of VisionMark in the Hospitality segment in Q1 2022 and the asset acquisitions of KES and SciAir in the Disinfection segment at the end
of Q3/beginning of Q4 2021: payroll and sales commission costs increased 1.5 million; amortization costs increased 1.0 million; marketing
increased 0.4 million; professional fees increased 0.3 million; rent increased 0.3 million. The Company anticipates efficiency gains
in the coming year as all three acquisitions have been fully integrated and synergies are being leveraged. 

 Loss
on Impairment of Goodwill and Intangibles The Company determined that a triggering event had occurred as a result of a settlement
agreement with Scientific Air. A quantitative impairment test on the goodwill determined that the fair value was below the carrying value
and as a result the Company recorded a full non-cash goodwill impairment charge of 1.1 million on the Consolidated Statements of Operations
for the year ended December 31, 2022. Subsequently, as of December 31, 2022, we evaluated potential triggering events that might
be indicators that other Scientific Air intangibles were impaired. We saw a significant decrease in the number of orders and demand of
our Scientific Air product lines. As a result of this impact due to the shifting market trends described above in the Net Sales commentary,
an additional non-cash impairment on intangibles of 5.9 million was also recorded in the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the
year ended December 31, 2022. 

 Other
Income (Expense) 

 On
March 31, 2022, there was a dispute between the Company and Scientific Air Old SAM Partners regarding certain representations
and warranties in the purchase agreement which resulted in a settlement and mutual release agreement where Old SAM Partners agreed to
relinquish such Partner s right, title, and interest in the previously issued 400,000 shares of AUVI common stock that were part
of the consideration in the original asset acquisition. The Company recorded a loss on change in fair market value of contingent consideration
of 0.24 million, and as a result of the settlement, the Company recorded a gain on settlement of 1.7 million during the year ended December
31, 2022. The company had previously recorded a loss on contingent consideration of 0.57 million for the year ended December 31, 2021
as a result of the decrease in our stock price from the date of acquisition of SciAir and the reporting date. 

 Other
Income includes 0.2 million in the year ended December 31, 2022 for the Employee Retention Tax Credit and 0.3 million in the year ended
December 31, 2021 for the Paycheck Protection Program loan forgiveness. 

 Net
Loss 

 The
Company recorded a net loss of 16.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to a net loss of 7.4 million for the year
ended December 31, 2021. The increase of 9.2 million in the net loss was mainly due to the non-cash Loss on Impairment of Goodwill/Intangibles
of 7.0 million and an increase in S,G A costs of 3.5 million as explained above. 

 Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

 Year
Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Net cash used in operating activities 
 (8,736,350 
 (6,997,970 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 (176,280 
 (14,589,362 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 2,878,959 
 18,597,558 
 
 Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents 
 (6,033,671 
 (2,989,774 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 
 8,768,156 
 11,757,930 
 
 Cash, restricted cash, and cash equivalents at end of year 
 2,734,485 
 8,768,156 

In
the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash used in operating activities was 8.7 million, as compared to 7.0 million in the year ended
December 31, 2021. The increase in net cash used of 1.7 million was due mainly to the increase in the net loss of 2.7 million, after
adjusting for non-cash items, plus an increase in inventory of 3.7 million, offset by an increase in deferred revenue of 3.9 million
and a decrease in vendor deposits of 0.9 million. The increase in inventory is mainly due to the increase in VisionMark inventory of
 1.4 million and an increase in Airocide inventory of 1.6 million, partly due to the increase in Consumer units in anticipation of planned
marketing programs, and partly due to the securing of product in advance to mitigate any risks associated with the transition to Canon
manufacturing. 

39 

In
the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash used in investing activities was 0.2 million as compared to 14.6 million in the year ended
December 31, 2021. The decrease of 14.2 million was due primarily to the acquisitions made during 2021: Akida 0.76 million, KES 4.3
million, and Scientific Air 9.5 million, for a total of 14.56 million, as compared to the VisionMark acquisition in March 2022, which
only required a payment of ten dollars 10), in addition to assuming certain liabilities. 

 In
the year ended December 31, 2022, cash provided by financing activities was 2.9 million as compared to 18.6 million in the year ended
December 31, 2021. The major financing activities that provided cash for the year ended December 31, 2022 was cash received from the net
proceeds of the common stock over-allotment on January 5, 2022 of 1.1 million, plus net proceeds of 0.9 million from the issuance of
shares under the ATM (At the Market) sales agreement with Maxim Group. In the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company received net proceeds
of 12.3 million from the July 2021 preferred stock offering and 7.0 million form the December, 2021 common stock offering. 

 The
Company believes our sources of liquidity and capital will be sufficient to finance our continued operations and growth strategies. On
July 1, 2022, the Company filed a shelf registration statement on Form S-3 with the Securities and Exchange Commission to register and
aggregate 50.0 million of securities which may be issued in the form of common stock, preferred stock, warrants, debt securities, rights
or units. Such securities will be offered pursuant to the base prospectus contained in the shelf registration statement and a prospectus
supplement that will be prepared and filed at the time of any offering. Also, included in the registration statement was a second
prospectus which provides for the issuance of 9.0 million of the Company s common stock in At-The-Market (ATM) transactions pursuant
to an equity distribution agreement dated July 1, 2022 between the Company and Maxim Group LLC, as sales agent. As of December 31,
2022, 804,811 shares have been sold via the ATM for gross proceeds of 0.9 million. As of March 31, 2023, and additional 1,764,311 shares
have been sold for gross proceeds of 2.3 million, leaving a balance of 5.7 million on the ATM facility. The shelf registration statement
will expire on July 12, 2025. 

 In
December 2022, the Company entered into a Loan and Security Agreement, or (the Loan Agreement ), with Pinnacle Bank, which
provides for a 5,000,000 secured revolving credit facility (the Loan Facility ). The loan is subject to a maximum advance
rate of up to 85 of net face amount of eligible accounts, plus the lessor a) of the sum of 20 of the aggregate eligible inventory value
of raw materials and 35 of the aggregate eligible inventory value of finished goods, b) 1 million, c) 80 of the net orderly liquidation
value of raw materials and finished goods, or d) 100 of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of advances. In no event shall the
aggregate amount of the outstanding advances under the Loan Facility be greater than 5 million. The loan matures on December 9, 2024.
The principal amount of outstanding revolving loan, together with accrued and unpaid interest, is due on the maturity date. 

 The
loan accrues interest at a 1.50 margin above the greater of the prime rate or 4.00 . The interest margin is increased to 2.00 in respect
to the advances against eligible inventory. If the Company fails to perform any covenant, term or provision of the Loan Agreement, then
interest shall accrue at the rate of 6.0 above the interest rate. If after the occurrence of an event of default and the loan is not
paid in full by the maturity date, the loan shall bear interest at the rate of 18.0 above the interest rate. 

 Obligations under the Loan
Agreement are secured by all of the Company s assets. On the effective date the Company paid a loan fee of 2 of the amount of
the Loan Facility and will be required to pay a loan fee of 1.5 of the amount of the Loan Facility annually thereafter. 

 The
Loan Agreement contains customary representations and warranties and customary affirmative and negative covenants applicable to the Company
and the Subsidiaries, including, without limitation, restrictions on liens, indebtedness, fundamental changes, capital expenditures, consignments
of inventory and distributions. 

 The
Loan Agreement contains customary events of default, including, without limitation, payment defaults, covenant defaults, breaches of certain
representations and warranties, certain events of bankruptcy and insolvency, certain events under ERISA and judgments. If an event of
default occurs and is not cured within any applicable grace period or is not waived, the Lender is entitled to take various actions, including,
without limitation, the acceleration of amounts due thereunder and termination of commitments under the Loan Facility. 

 There
were no borrowings outstanding under the Loan Facility as of December 31, 2022. 

 On January 25, 2023, (the Execution Date the Company executed a Redeemable Promissory Note with Streeterville Capital, LLC (the Investor in the amount of 2,807,500
(the Note ). The Note matures eighteen (18) months from its issuance date of January 25, 2023 and bears interest at 8 per
annum on the outstanding principal balance of the Note. The original principal balance of the Note is 2,500,000, plus debt issuance
costs of 345,000. Beginning on July 25, 2023, the Investor shall have the right in any month to cause the Company to redeem up to 247,500
of the principal amount of the Note in such month. The Company may elect, in its sole discretion, to redeem such portions of the Note
in cash or in its common stock or in any combination thereof. If redemptions are made by the Company with its common stock, such stock
will be valued at 87.5 of the Nasdaq Minimum Price. The Company may not redeem the Note with its common stock if at the time of such
redemption there is an Equity Condition Failure. It is the intention of the Company to make all Note redemption payments in cash and
not in stock. Beginning on July 25, 2023, all cash redemptions will be subject to a ten percent (10 redemption premium. The Company
may pay all or any portion of the outstanding balance on or before one hundred five (105) days from the Execution Date without a prepayment
penalty; if paid after one hundred five (105) days, the Company will be subject to a 10 prepayment premium. 

 Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 

 The
Company is a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and is not required to provide the information required
under this item. 

40 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

Applied
UV, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Index
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2022 and 2021 

Independent
 Auditors Reports ,
 ,
 PCAOB ID 
 42 
 
 Financial Statements 

Consolidated
 Balance Sheets 
 43 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Operations 
 44 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity 
 45 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Cash Flows 
 46 
 
 Notes
 to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 47 

41 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Applied
UV, Inc. 

 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of Applied UV, Inc. and Subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated
statements of operations, stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022,
and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated
financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022
and 2021, and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31,
2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

 Basis for Opinion 

 These consolidated financial statements are the
responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial
statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

 We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated
financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we
engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

 Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
consolidated financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provides
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ Mazars USA LLP 

 We have served
as the Company s auditor since 2021. 

 Fort Washington, PA 

 March 31, 2023 

42 

Applied
UV, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Consolidated
Balance Sheets 

 As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Assets 

Current Assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash 

Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts 

Costs and estimated earnings in excess of billings 

Inventory, net 

Vendor deposits 

Prepaid expense and other current assets 

Total Current Assets 

Property and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation 

Goodwill 

Other intangible assets, net of accumulated amortization 

Other assets 

Right of use assets 

Total Assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

Current Liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Contingent Consideration 

Deferred revenue 

Due to landlord (Note 2) 

Warrant liability 

Financing lease obligations 

Operating lease liability 

Notes payable 

Total Current Liabilities 

Long-term Liabilities 

Due to landlord-less current portion (Note 2) 

Notes payable- less current portion 

Financing lease obligations-less current portion 

Operating lease liability-less current portion 

Total Long-Term Liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

Stockholders Equity 

Preferred stock, Series A Cumulative Perpetual, par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding as of both December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Preferred stock, Series X, par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2021 

Common stock par value, shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2021 

Additional paid-in capital 

Treasury stock at cost, and shares, respectively 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholders Equity 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited consolidated financial statements. 

43 

Applied
UV, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Consolidated
Statements of Operations 

 For
the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Net Sales 

Cost of Goods Sold 

Gross Profit 

Operating Expenses 

Research and development 

Selling general and administrative 

Loss on impairment of goodwill and intangible assets 

Total Operating Expenses 

Operating Loss 

Other Income (Expense) 

Change in Fair Market Value of Warrant Liability 

Interest expense 

Loss on change in Fair Market Value of Contingent Consideration 

Gain on Settlement of Contingent Consideration (Note 2) 

Other Income 

Forgiveness of paycheck protection program loan 

Total Other Income (Expense) 

Loss Before Provision for Income Taxes 

Benefit from Income Taxes 

Net Loss 

Net Loss attributable to common stockholders: 

Dividends to preferred shareholders 

Net Loss attributable to common stockholders 

Basic and Diluted Loss Per Common Share 

Weighted Average Shares Outstanding - basic and diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited consolidated financial statements. 

44 

Applied
UV, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Statements
of Changes in Stockholders Equity 

 For
the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Preferred
 Stock Series A Cumulative 

Preferred
 Stock Series X 

Common
 Stock 

Treasury
 Stock 

Additional
 Paid-In Capital 
 Accumulated
 Deficit 
 Total
 Stockholders Equity 
 
 Balance, January 1, 2021 

Shares granted to settle previously recorded liability 

Warrant liability recognized in connection with initial issuance of November offering (See Note 7) 

Exercise of warrants 

Common stock issued for acquisition 

Stock-based compensation 

Common stock issued in public offering, net of costs 

Preferred stock issued in public offering, net of costs 

Dividends paid to preferred shareholders 

Cancellation of restricted stock 

Net loss 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Common stock issued in public offering (over-allotment), net of costs 

Common stock issued in public offering (ATM), net of costs 

Cancellation of restricted shares 

Settlement of stock in connection with prior acquisition 

Common shares repurchased 

Reissuance of preferred stock 

Stock-based compensation 

Dividends paid to preferred shareholder 

Net Loss 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited consolidated financial statements. 

45 

Applied
UV, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows 

 For
the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash flows from Operating Activities 

Net Loss 

Adjustments to Reconcile Net Loss to Net Cash Used in Operating Activities 

Stock based compensation 

Bad debt expense (recovery) 

Forgiveness of paycheck protection program loan 

Change in fair market value of warrant liability 

Gain on settlement of loan payable 

Loss on change in fair market value of contingent consideration (Note 2) 

Gain on settlement of contingent consideration 

Loss on impairment of goodwill and intangible assets 

Change in reserve for Obsolescence inventory 

Amortization of right-of-use asset 

Depreciation and amortization 

Amortization of debt discount 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of effects of acquisitions: 

Accounts receivable 

Cost and estimated earnings excess of billings 

Inventory 

Vendor deposits 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Income taxes payable 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Billings in excess of costs and earnings on uncompleted contracts 

Deferred revenue 

Due to landlord 

Operating lease payments 

Net Cash Used in Operating Activities 

Cash Flows From Investing Activities 

Cash paid for patent costs 

Purchase of machinery and equipment 

Acquisitions, net of cash acquired (Note 2) 

Payments on note payable 

Net Cash Used in Investing Activities 

Cash Flows From Financing Activities 

Payments on financing leases 

Proceeds from warrant exercise 

Shares repurchased 

Dividends to preferred shareholders 

Payments on loan payable 

Proceeds from equity raises, net 

Proceeds from note payable, net 

Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities 

Net Decrease in Cash and equivalents 

Cash, restricted cash, and cash equivalents at January 1, 

Cash, restricted cash, and cash equivalents at December 31, 

Supplemental Disclosures of Cash Flow Information: 

Cash paid during the year for: 

Interest 

Income taxes 

Supplemental Schedule of Non-Cash Financing and Investing Activities: 

Initial recognition of warrant liability 

Property and equipment obtained in exchange for financing lease liabilities 

Reclassification from liability to be settled in stock to additional paid in capital 

Common stock issued in connection with acquisitions 

Initial recognition of contingent consideration liability 

Recognition of right of use asset - operating lease 

Issuance of Note Payable for payment of prepaid expense 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited consolidated financial statements. 

46 

Applied
UV, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

in excess of FDIC insured limits. 

 The
Company provides credit in the normal course of business. The Company performs ongoing credit evaluations of its customers and maintains
allowances for doubtful accounts based on factors surrounding the credit risk of specific customers, historical trends and other information. 

 For
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company had no major suppliers that accounted for over 10 of supplies and materials used by the
Company. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company had two major suppliers that accounted for approximately of supplies
and materials used by the Company. The amounts have been recorded as costs of sales in the consolidated statements of operations. 

 and , respectively, in cash equivalents. 

 and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 respectively. 

and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Leasehold improvements 

Furniture and fixtures 

. See note 2 for further information related to the impairment. 

Common stock warrants 

Total 

Revenue
recognized over time and revenue recognized at a point in time for the years ended: 

 Schedule
of revenue: 

Recognized at a point in time 

Deferred
revenue was comprised of the following as of: 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Recognized over time 

Recognized at a point in time 

Deferred
revenue amounting to as of December 31, 2021 was recognized as revenue during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

 and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

 and , respectively. 

 and , respectively. 

and , respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company
recorded and , respectively, of amortization expense for these patents. 

In
conjunction with acquisitions noted below, we used various valuation techniques to determine fair value of the assets acquired, with the
primary techniques being discounted cash flow analysis, relief-from-royalty, a form of the multi-period excess earnings and the with-and-without
valuation approaches, which use significant unobservable inputs, or Level 3 inputs, as defined by the fair value hierarchy. Inputs to
these valuation approaches require significant judgment including: (i) forecasted sales, growth rates and customer attrition rates, (ii)
forecasted operating margins, (iii) royalty rates and discount rates used to present value future cash flows, (iv) the amount of synergies
expected from the acquisition, (v) the economic useful life of assets and (vi) the evaluation of historical tax positions. In certain
acquisitions, historical data is limited, therefore, we base our estimates and assumptions on budgets, business plans, economic projections,
anticipated future cash flows and marketplace data. 

 Akida
Holdings LLC 

 On
February 8, 2021 Applied UV, Inc. (the Company ), entered into an asset purchase agreement (the APA by and
among the Company, SteriLumen, Inc., a New York corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (the Purchaser and
Akida Holdings LLC, a Florida limited liability company (the Seller pursuant to which the Purchaser acquired substantially
all of the assets of the Seller and assumed certain of its current liabilities and contract obligations, as set forth in the APA (the
 Acquisition ). In the Acquisition, the Purchaser acquired all the Seller s assets and was assigned its contracts related
to the manufacture and sale of the Airocide system, originally developed for NASA with assistance from the University of Wisconsin
at Madison, that uses a combination of UV-C and a proprietary, titanium dioxide-based photocatalyst that has applications in the hospitality,
hotel, healthcare, nursing homes, grocer, wine, commercial buildings, and retail sectors. 

 The
purchase price and purchase price allocation as of the acquisition completion date follows. 

Fair market value of common stock issued (1,375,000 shares) 

Total Purchase Price, Net of Cash Acquired 

Assets Acquired: 

Accounts receivable 

Inventory 

Prepaid expenses 

Machinery and equipment 

Customer relationships 

Trade names 

Technology and know how 

Total Assets Acquired: 

Liabilities Assumed: 

Accounts payable 

Deferred revenue 

Total Liabilities Assumed 

Net Assets Acquired 

Excess Purchase Price Goodwill 

The
excess purchase price has been recorded as goodwill in the amount of approximately . The estimated useful life of the identifiable
intangible assets (see note 5) is seven to ten years. The goodwill is amortizable for tax purposes. 

 KES
Science Technology, Inc. 

 On
September 28, 2021, SteriLumen, Inc. completed an Asset Purchase Agreement with KES Science Technology, Inc. KES ),
a Georgia corporation. 

 The
purchase price and purchase price allocation as of the acquisition completion date follows. 

Purchase Price: 

Cash 

Fair market value of common stock issued (300,000 shares) 

Total Purchase Price, Net of Cash Acquired 

Assets Acquired: 

Accounts receivable 

Inventory 

Prepaid expenses 

Machinery and equipment 

Customer relationships 

Trade names 

Technology and know how 

Total Assets Acquired: 

Liabilities Assumed: 

Accounts payable 

Capital lease obligations 

Total Liabilities Assumed 

Net Assets Acquired 

Excess Purchase Price Goodwill 

T he
excess purchase price has been recorded as goodwill in the amount of . The estimated useful life of the identifiable intangible
assets is ten years (see note 5). The goodwill is amortizable for tax purposes. 

 Old
SAM Partners (Scientific Air) 

 On
October 13, 2021, the Company entered into an asset purchase agreement by and among the Company, SteriLumen, Inc., a New York corporation
and wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (the Purchaser and Old SAM Partners, LLC, a Florida limited liability company
(the Seller ), pursuant to which the Purchaser acquired substantially all of the assets of the Seller, including the assignment
of an exclusive distribution agreement. On October 13, 2021 the Seller received, as consideration for the Acquisition (i) 9,500,000 in
cash; and (ii) 200,000 shares of the Company s common stock and (iii) 200,000 unvested shares of the Company s common stock,
which are subject to cancellation if the earnout is not met. On the date of acquisition, the fair market value of the 200,000 vested shares
was 5.57 for a total value of 1,114,000. An additional liability was recorded for 886,000 as a result of the agreement calling for
additional cash consideration to the extent the share price is below 10 on the free trading date, as defined in the agreement. On December
31, 2021, the share price of our common stock was 2.70 per share and a loss on contingent consideration of 574,000 was recorded
in the consolidated statements of operations and increased the liability to 1,460,000. 

The
purchase price and purchase price allocation as of the acquisition completion date follows. 

Purchase Price: 

Cash 

Fair market value of common stock issued 

Contingent consideration based on stock price 

Total Purchase Price, net of cash acquired 

Assets Acquired: 

Accounts receivable 

Inventory 

Machinery and equipment 

Customer relationships 

Patents 

Technology and know how 

Trade names 

Total Assets Acquired: 

Assets Acquired 

Excess Purchase Price Goodwill 

The
excess purchase price has been recorded as goodwill in the amount of approximately . The estimated useful life of the identifiable
intangible assets (see note 5) is ten years. The goodwill is amortizable for tax purposes. 

 On
March 31, 2022, there was a settlement of a dispute that arose during the first quarter of 2022 between both parties regarding certain
representations and warranties in the purchase agreement which resulted in a settlement and mutual release agreement where the seller
agreed to relinquish any right, title, and interest in the previously issued shares. During the three months ended March 31, 2022,
the company recorded a loss on change in fair market value of contingent consideration of and, as a result of the settlement
agreement, the company recorded a gain on settlement of contingent consideration of . The Company also determined that a triggering
event had occurred as a result of the settlement agreement. A quantitative impairment test on the goodwill and intangible assets determined
that the fair value was below the carrying value and as a result the Company recorded a full goodwill impairment charge of 
in the first quarter of 2022. Subsequently, as of December 31, 2022, we evaluated potential triggering events that might be indicators
that our definite lived intangibles were impaired. We saw a significant decrease in the number of orders and demand of certain product
lines within our disinfectant business segment. 

 As
a result of our evaluation, we determined that the fair value of certain intangible assets were less than the carrying amount as of December
31, 2022. The Company recorded an impairment on intangibles of in the Consolidated Statements of Operations during the year
ended December 31, 2022. 

 On
March 25, 2022, the Company entered into an asset purchase agreement by and among the Company, Munnworks, LLC., a New York Limited Liability
Company and wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (the Purchaser and VisionMark LLC, a New York limited liability company
(the Seller ), pursuant to which the Purchaser acquired substantially all of the assets of the Seller in exchange for the
assumption of obligations of buyer under the sublease and sublease guarantee. 

The
purchase price and purchase price allocation as of the acquisition completion date follows. 

Purchase Price: 

Cash paid at closing 

Due to landlord 

Total Purchase Price, net of cash acquired 

Assets Acquired: 

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventory 

Costs and estimated earnings in excess of billings 

Machinery and equipment 

Total Assets Acquired: 

Liabilities Assumed: 

Billings in excess of costs and earnings on uncompleted contracts 

Total Liabilities Assumed 

Net Assets Acquired 

Excess Purchase Price Goodwill 

The
excess purchase price has been recorded as goodwill in the amount of approximately . The goodwill is amortizable for tax purposes. 

 In
connection with the VisionMark LLC acquisition, the Company is obligated to repay of past due lease payments per month for the
next 36 months commencing on April 1, 2022. The Company recognized a discount and related liability equal to the present value of the
past due lease liability, and amortizes the difference between such present value and the liability through interest expense using a rate
of as per the effective interest rate method over the repayment period. Amortization of discount included in interest expenses was
 for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

 As
of December 31, 2022, the future maturity of the lease liability as of December 31, is as follows: 

2024 

2025 

Total 

Less: Unamortized discount 

Total amount due to landlord 

Less: current portion of amount due to landlord, net of discount 

Total long-term portion of amount due to landlord 

Finished goods 

Inventory at cost 

Less: Reserve 

Inventory 

Leasehold improvements 

Furniture and Fixtures 

Less: Accumulated Depreciation 

Depreciation
expense, including amortization of assets under financing leases, for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and ,
respectively. 

Trade Names 

Patents 

Technology and Know How 

Less: Accumulated Amortization 

As
described in Note 2 of the financial statements, a quantitative impairment test on the goodwill and intangible assets determined that
the fair value was below the carrying value and as a result the Company recorded a full goodwill impairment charge of in the
first quarter of 2022. Subsequently, as of December 31, 2022, we evaluated potential triggering events that might be indicators that
our definite lived intangibles were impaired. We saw a significant decrease in the number of orders and demand of certain product lines
within our disinfectant business segment. As a result of our assessment, the Company recorded an additional impairment on trade name and
customer relationship intangible assets of and , respectively, in the Consolidated Statements of Operations during
the year ended December 31, 2022. 

 During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded total amortization expense related to intangible assets of 
and , respectively. The useful lives of tradenames ranges from 5 to 10 years, technology is 10 years, customer relationships ranges
from 7 to 14 years, and patents range from 17 to 20 years. 

 Future amortization
of intangible assets is as follows: 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Total lease payments 

Less: Amount representing interest 

Present value of future minimum lease payments 

Less: current portion 

Financing lease obligations, net of current 

in five payments in the amount of 
per year, with an additional , representing interest, in year two to a loan holder. As of December 31, 2022, the company has an
outstanding balance of , and no payments have been made as of year end. 

 Minimum
obligations under this loan agreement are as follows: 

2024 

Total 

Applied
UV, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Streeterville
Note 

 On
October 7, 2022, the Company entered into a Security Purchase Agreement with Streeterville Capital, LLC whereby the Company issued an
 unsecured redeemable note in the principal amount of . The Company received net proceeds of , after the deduction
of debt issuance costs of . These fees were recorded as debt discounts, net of the carrying value of the debt, and are being amortized
over the life of the loan using the effective interest rate method. The note has a maturity date of . At any time following
the occurrence of any event of default, interest shall accrue on the outstanding balance beginning on the date the applicable event of
default occurred at an interest rate equal to the lesser of per annum or the maximum rate permitted under applicable law. 

 The
following table presents the balance of the Streeterville Note, net of discount at December 31, 2022. 

Debt discount 

Total 

Accumulated amortization of debt discount 

Streeterville note, net of related discount 

Minimum
obligations under this loan agreement are as follows: 

2024 

Total 

The
lender has the right at any time 6 months after the effective date, at its election, to redeem all or part of the maximum redemption amount
as set forth in the promissory note. Payments of each redemption amount may be made (a) in cash, or (b) in common stock per the following
formula: the portion of the applicable Redemption amount being paid in common stock divided by the common stock redemption price, or (c)
by any combination of the foregoing. Whereas common stock redemption price means multiplied by the Nasdaq minimum price. Whereas
Nasdaq minimum price means the lower of: (i) the closing price on the trading day immediately preceding the date the common stock redemption
price is measured; or (ii) the average closing price of the common stock for the five trading days immediately preceding the date the
common stock redemption price is measured. 

 The
principal amount of the Note may be prepaid in full, or any portion of the outstanding balance earlier than it is due; provided that in
the event borrower elects to prepay all or any portion of the outstanding balance it shall pay to lender 120 of the portion of the outstanding
balance borrower elects to prepay. The prepayment premium will not apply if borrower repays the Note in full on the anniversary date,
which is one year from the purchase price date. 

 If
prior to the anniversary date all redemption amounts are paid as common stock redemptions, then each time after the anniversary date that
borrower makes a common stock redemption, of the monitoring fee will be deducted from the outstanding balance, not to exceed .
No interest will accrue on the monitoring fee. 

 For
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized as a debt discount relating to the fee and will be amortized using the
effective interest method over the term of the note. The effective interest rate of the note is . The Company recorded due
to debt discount amortization to interest expense in the accompanying Statement of Operations and as a result, at December 31, 2022, the
remaining unamortized balance was . 

 Interest
expense recorded in the accompanying Statements of Operations by the Company was for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

 Directors
and Officers Liability Insurance Agreement 

 On
August 28, 2022, the Company entered into a one-year Directors and Officers Liability Insurance agreement for . Under the terms
of the agreement, the Company made a down payment of , with the remaining balance financed over the remaining term at an annual
percentage rate of . Beginning in September 2022, the Company is making 10 monthly payments of , with the last payment expected
to be made in June 2023. At December 31, 2022, the outstanding balance on the note payable was . The interest expense for the
year ended December 31, 2022 was immaterial to the consolidated financial statements. 

 Pinnacle
Note 

 In
December 2022, the Company entered into a Loan and Security Agreement, or (the Loan Agreement ), with Pinnacle Bank, which
provides for a secured revolving credit facility (the Loan Facility ). 
The principal amount of outstanding revolving loan, together with accrued and unpaid interest, is due on the maturity date. 

Obligations
under the Loan Agreement are secured by all of the Company s assets. On the effective date the Company paid a loan fee of of
the amount of the Loan Facility and will be required to pay a loan fee of of the amount of the Loan Facility annually thereafter. 

 The
Loan Agreement contains customary representations and warranties and customary affirmative and negative covenants applicable to the Company
and the Subsidiaries, including, without limitation, restrictions on liens, indebtedness, fundamental changes, capital expenditures, consignments
of inventory and distributions. 

 The
Loan Agreement contains customary events of default, including, without limitation, payment defaults, covenant defaults, breaches of certain
representations and warranties, certain events of bankruptcy and insolvency, certain events under ERISA and judgments. If an event of
default occurs and is not cured within any applicable grace period or is not waived, the Lender is entitled to take various actions, including,
without limitation, the acceleration of amounts due thereunder and termination of commitments under the Loan Facility. 

 There
were no borrowings outstanding under the Loan Facility as of December 31, 2022. 

We
did not have any transfers between levels during the periods presented. 

 The
following table presents assets and liabilities that were measured at fair value in the Consolidated Balance Sheets on a recurring basis
as of December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Total assets 

Liabilities 

Contingent consideration 

Warrant liability 

Total liabilities 

As of December 31, 2021 
 
 Assets 

Money market funds 

Total assets 

Liabilities 

Contingent consideration 

Warrant liability 

Total liabilities 

The
carrying amounts of accounts receivable, accounts payable and short-term debt approximated fair values as of December 31, 2022 and 2021
because of the relatively short maturity of these instruments. There were no other level 3 or level 1 assets or liabilities as if December
31, 2022. 

 Money
market funds Cash equivalents of and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, consisted of money market
funds. Money market funds are classified as Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy because they are valued using quoted market prices in
active markets. 

 Contingent
consideration The fair value of the contingent consideration is derived through the quoted market price of our stock, which represents
a Level 1 measurement within the fair value hierarchy. 

 Warrant
liability The fair value of the warrant liability is derived through the Black scholes method and is based on significant inputs
not observable in the market, which represents a Level 3 measurement within the fair value hierarchy. 

 Other
Fair Value Measurements 

 In addition
to assets and liabilities that are recorded at fair value on a recurring basis, GAAP requires that, under certain circumstances, we also
record assets and liabilities at fair value on a nonrecurring basis. 

 In
connection with the acquisitions of SciAir, KES, and Akida during 2021, and VisionMark in 2022, as discussed in Note 2, we used various
valuation techniques to determine fair value, with the primary techniques being discounted cash flow analysis and the relief-from-royalty,
a form of the multi-period excess earnings, which use significant unobservable inputs, or Level 3 inputs, as defined by the fair value
hierarchy. 

mixed use shelf registration (Form S-3) and entered into an At The Market sales agreement
(ATM) with Maxim Group, LLC, for a total of , as a readily available source of funding if needed. During the year ended December
31, 2022 the Company sold ATM shares through the sales agent with gross proceeds of . In connection with the sale of these
ATM Shares, the compensation paid by the Company to the Sales Agent was . As of March 31, 2023, an additional shares
have been sold for gross proceeds of , leaving a balance of on the ATM facility. The shelf registration statement
will expire on . 

 Amendment
of the Certificate of Designation 

 On
June 17, 2021, the Company filed an amendment of the certificate of designation of Series A Preferred Stock. The Board of Directors, by
unanimous written consent, duly adopted resolutions to amend the Series A Preferred Stock Certificate of Designations and changed the
name from Series A Preferred Stock to Series X Super Voting Preferred Stock . All dividend, liquidation preference,
voting, conversion, and redemption rights, did not change from the originally filed Certificate of Designation of Series A Preferred Stock.
On July 11, 2022, the Board of Directors approved the reissuance of shares of the Company s Series X Super Voting Preferred
Shares, which represent the remainder of the designated but unissued shares of Super Voting Preferred Stock. 

 On
March 9, 2022, the Board of Directors approved a resolution that authorized the senior management of the Company to purchase up to and
limited to one million shares of common stock between March 10, 2022 and September 30, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has
a total of treasury shares, all of which have been purchased as of December 31, 2022. 

 Pursuant
to the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation, as amended, the Company is authorized to designate and issue
up to shares of preferred stock, par value per share, in one or more classes or series. During the year ended December
31, 2022, the Company had preferred shares designated as Series X Preferred Stock and shares of preferred stock designated
as 10.5 Series A Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock (the Series A Preferred Stock ). Upon certain events, the Company
may, subject to certain conditions, at the Company s option, redeem the Series A Preferred Stock. See below for a further description
of the Series A Preferred Stock: 

 Dividends:
 Holders are entitled to receive cumulative cash dividends at the annual rate of 10.5 on 25.00 liquidation preference per share
of the Series A Perpetual Preferred Stock. Dividends accrue and are payable in arrears beginning August 15, 2021, regardless of whether
declared or there are sufficient earnings or funds available for payment. Sufficient net proceeds from the offering must be set aside
to pay dividends for the first twelve months from issuance. The company has classified and as restricted cash as of December
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, as a reserve to pay the remaining required dividends for the first year. 

 Redemption:
 Company has an optional redemption right beginning July 16, 2022, which redemption price declines annually. The initial redemption
price after year 1 is 30 and decreases annually over 5 years to 25 per share. The Company also has a special optional redemption right
upon the occurrence of a Delisting Event or Change of Control, as defined, at 25 per share plus accrued and unpaid dividends. 

 Voting
Rights: The holders have no voting rights, except for voting on certain corporate decisions, or upon default in payment of dividends
for any twelve periods, in which case the holders would have voting rights to elect two additional directors to serve on the Board of
Directors. 

 Conversion
Rights : Such shares are not convertible unless and until the occurrence of a Delisting Event or Change of Control and when the
Company has not exercised its special optional redemption right. The conversion price would be the lesser of the amount converted based
on the 25.00 liquidation preference plus accrued dividends divided by the common stock price of the Delisting Event or Change of Control
(as defined) or 5.353319 (Share Cap). Effectively, the Share Cap limits the common stock price to no lower than 4.67. 

2020
Incentive Plan 

 On
March 31, 2020, the Company adopted the Applied UV, Inc. 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the Plan with shares of common
stock available for issuance under the terms of the Plan. On May 17, 2022, the shareholders of the Company approved an amendment to the
Plan, increasing the shares available for issuance to 2,500,000. The Plan permits the granting of Nonqualified Stock Options, Incentive
Stock Options, Stock Appreciation Rights, Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, Performance Shares, Performance Units and Other Awards.
The objectives of the Plan are to optimize the profitability and growth of the Company through incentives that are consistent with the
Company s goals and that link the personal interests of Participants to those of the Company s stockholders. The Plan is further
intended to provide flexibility to the Company in its ability to motivate, attract and retain the services of Participants who make or
are expected to make significant contributions to the Company s success and to allow Participants to share in the success of the
Company. From time to time, the Company may issue Incentive Awards pursuant to the Plan. Each of the awards will be evidenced by and issued
under a written agreement. 

 If
an incentive award granted under the Plan expires, terminates, is unexercised or is forfeited, or if any shares are surrendered to the
company in connection with an incentive award, the shares subject to such award and the surrendered shares will become available for future
awards under the Plan. The number of shares subject to the Plan, and the number of shares and terms of any Incentive Award may be adjusted
in the event of any change in our outstanding common stock by reason of any stock dividend, spin-off, stock split, reverse stock split,
recapitalization, reclassification, merger, consolidation, liquidation, business combination or exchange of shares, or similar transaction.
There are shares available for future grants under the plan. 

 A
summary of the Company s option activity and related information follows: 

Options granted 

Options forfeited 

Options exercised 

Balances, December 31, 2021 

Options granted 

Options forfeited 

Options exercised 

Balances, December 31, 2022 

Vested 

Share-based
compensation expense for options totaling and was recognized for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively,
based on requisite service periods. 

 The
valuation methodology used to determine the fair value of the options issued during the year was the Black-Scholes option-pricing model.
The Black-Scholes model requires the use of a number of assumptions including volatility of the stock price, the average risk-free interest
rate, and the weighted average expected life of the options. 

The
risk-free interest rate assumption is based upon observed interest rates on zero coupon U.S. Treasury bonds whose maturity period is appropriate
for the term of the options. 

 Estimated
volatility is a measure of the amount by which the Company s stock price is expected to fluctuate each year during the expected
life of the award. The Company s calculation of estimated volatility is based on historical stock prices of peer entities over a
period equal to the expected life of the awards. The Company uses the historical volatility of peer entities due to the lack of sufficient
historical data of its stock price. 

 As
of December 31, 2022 there was of total unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested employee options granted under
the Company s share-based compensation plans that is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of approximately 2.19
years. 

 The
weighted average fair value of options granted, and the assumptions used in the Black-Scholes model during the years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021 are set forth in the table below. 

 - 
 - 
 
 Exercise Price 
 - 
 - 
 
 Dividend Yield 

Volatility 

Risk-Free Rate 

Expected Life (in years) 

Common
Stock Warrants 

 A
summary of the Company s warrant activity and related information follows: 

Granted 

Exercised 

Balances, December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Exercised 

Balances, December 31, 2022 

Vested 

For the
years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded a gain on the change in fair value of warrant liability in the amount of
 and , respectively. The Company valued the warrant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following terms
on December 31, 2022: (a) exercise price of 6.56, (b) volatility rate of 94.55 , (c) risk free rate of 4.22 , (d) term of 2.86 years,
and (e) dividend rate of 0 . The Company valued the warrant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following terms on December
31, 2021: (a) exercise price of 6.56, (b) volatility rate of 82.08 , (c) risk free rate of 0.98 , (d) term of 3.86 years, and (e) dividend
rate of 0 . 

Preferred
Stock Offering 

 On
July 13, 2021, Applied UV, Inc. (the Company entered into an underwriting agreement (the Underwriting Agreement with Ladenburg Thalmann Co. Inc. as representative Representative of the underwriters Underwriters ),
related to the offering of 480,000 shares (the Shares of the Company s 10.5 Series A Cumulative Perpetual Preferred
Stock [non-convertible], par value 0.0001 per share Series A Preferred Stock ), at a public offering price of 25.00 per
share, which excludes 72,000 shares of Series A Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock that may be purchased by the Underwriters pursuant
to their overallotment option granted to the Underwriters under the terms of the Underwriting Agreement. The Shares were offered and sold
by the Company pursuant to the terms of the Underwriting Agreement and registered pursuant to the Company s registration statement
on (i) Form S-1 (File No. 333-257197), as amended, which was filed with the SEC and declared effective by the Commission on July 12, 2021
and (ii) the Company s registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-257862), which was filed with the Commission on July 13,
2021 and declared effective upon filing. The closing of the offering for the Shares took place on July 16, 2021 and were approved for
listing on Nasdaq under the trading symbol AUVIP . On July 29, 2021, in connection with its offering of its 10.5 Series
A Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, par value 0.0001 per share, the Company closed the exercise of the underwriter s overallotment
option of 72,000 shares at 25.00 per share. Aggregate gross proceeds including the exercise of the underwriter s overallotment
option was 12,272,440 after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and fees and other offering expenses. 

 Common
Stock Offering 

 On December
28, 2021, the Company closed a common stock offering in which it issued common shares at a public offering price of per
share. In connection with the Offering, the Company (i) received less underwriting fees of and offering Costs in the
amount of , resulting in net proceeds of . 

 On January
5, 2022, the underwriters fully exercised their over-allotment option to purchase an additional shares of common stock at the
public offering price of per share. The Company received gross proceeds of for the over-allotment, which resulted in
net proceeds to us of , after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions of . 

Restricted
Stock Awards 

 The
Company records compensation expense for restricted stock awards based on the quoted market price of our stock at the grant date and the
expense is amortized over the vesting period. These restricted stock awards are subject to time-based vesting conditions based on the
continued service of the restricted stock award holder. 

 The following
table presents the restricted stock units activity for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022: 

Granted and unvested 

Vested 

Forfeited/Cancelled 

Unvested shares, December 31, 2021 

Granted and unvested 

Vested 

Forfeited/Cancelled 

Unvested shares, December 31, 2022 

Vested as of December 31, 2022 

Upon vesting,
the restricted stock units are converted to common shares. Based on the terms of the restricted share and restricted stock unit grants,
all forfeited shares revert back to the Company. 

 In connection
with the grant of restricted shares, the Company recognized and of compensation expense within its statements of operations
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

 The unvested
shares as of December 31, 2022 represent in unrecognized stock based compensation which will be recognized over a weighted average
period of 2.10 years. 

based on the information
available at commencement date in determining the present value of lease payments. 

 Munnworks,
LLC entered into a lease agreement in Mount Vernon, New York for a term that commenced on April 1, 2019 and will expire on the 31st day
of March 2024 at a monthly rate of 13,400. In March of 2021, the Company obtained additional lease space and the agreement was amended
to increase rent expense to 15,000 per month. On July 1, 2021, the Company again obtained additional lease space and rent expense was
increased to 27,500 per month through July 1, 2024 and 29,150 per month from July 1, 2024 through July 1, 2026. 

 On
September 28, 2021, the Company entered into a lease agreement in Kennesaw, Georgia for office and production space for a term that commenced
on September 29, 2021 and will expire on October 1, 2024, with a rate ranging from 14,729 to 15,626 per month. 

 On
April 1, 2022, the Company entered into a lease agreement in Brooklyn, New York for office and production space that commenced on April
1, 2022 and will expire on June 1, 2023, with a rate ranging from 94,529 to 97,365 per month. On December 31, 2022, the Company exercised
its option to renew the first renewal term, commencing on July 1, 2023 and ending on June 30, 2025. As a result of the extension of the
lease, the Company recorded an additional 2,146,785 of ROU asset and liability on the balance sheet on December 31, 2022. 

 Rent
expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and respectively. 

 Schedule
maturities of operating lease liabilities outstanding as of December 31, 2022 are as follows: 

2024 

2025 

2026 

Total lease payments 

Less: Imputed Interest 

Present value of future minimum lease payments 

Consistent
with ASC 842-20-50-4, the Company calculated its total lease cost based solely on its monthly rent obligation. The Company had no cash
flows arising from its lease, no finance lease cost, short term lease cost, or variable lease costs. The Company s lease does not
produce any sublease income, or any net gain or loss recognized from sale and leaseback transactions. As a result, the Company did not
need to segregate amounts between finance and operating leases for cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities,
segregated between operating and financing cash flows; supplemental non-cash information on lease liabilities arising from obtaining right-of-use
assets; weighted-average calculations for the remaining lease term; or the weighted-average discount rate. 

. The amount was approved, and the Company has received the funds. The PPP Loan, which is in the form of a PPP promissory note
and agreement, matures in April of 2025 and bears interest at a rate of 1.00 per annum. The Lender will have 90 days to review borrower s
forgiveness application and the SBA will have an additional 60 days to review the Lender s decision as to whether the borrower s
loan may be forgiven. Under the CARES Act, loan forgiveness is available for the sum of documented payroll costs, covered rent payments,
covered utilities, and certain covered mortgage interest payments during the twenty-four-week period beginning on the date of first disbursement
of the PPP Loan. For purposes of the CARES Act, payroll costs exclude compensation of an individual employee earning more than ,
prorated annually. 

 Under
the CARES Act, further economic relief was provided through the Employee Retention Tax Credit (ERTC). In the year ended December 31, 2022,
the Company recorded non-operating income of related to the ERTC as a component of Other Income. 

 to
the entity. The note receivable was recorded at cost basis which approximates fair value because of the short-term maturity of the instrument.
The loan matures on the earlier of (i) 180 days from the issuance date or (ii) the closing of the transactions set forth in a definitive
acquisition entered into between the lender and the borrower. In the event the loan is paid in full on or before the maturity date, there
shall be no interest accrued or payable on the outstanding principal amount. If an acquisition occurs, the will be applied against
the total acquisition price. If the company decides not to execute a definitive agreement within 180 days from the issuance date, the
maturity date shall be the one-year anniversary of the issuance date. The maturity date has since been extended to November 30, 2021.
The acquisition did not occur and the full amount of was repaid on November 30, 2021. 

State 

Deferred provision (benefit): 

Federal 

State 

Total Deferred 

Total provision for income taxes 

Realization
of future tax benefits related to the deferred tax assets is dependent on many factors, including the Company s ability to generate
taxable income within the net operating loss carryforward period. Management has considered these factors in reaching conclusion as to
the valuation allowance for financial reporting purposes and has recorded a full valuation allowance against the deferred tax asset. 

 The
income tax effect of temporary differences comprising the deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities is a result of the following
at December 31: 

Fixed assets 

Lease 

Loss on contingency 

Intangible assets 

Research and development 

Stock based compensation 

Accrual to cash conversion 

Total 

Valuation allowance 

Net 

The
income tax provision differs from the expense that would result from applying federal statutory rates to income before income taxes because
the Company is subject to state income taxes, deferred income taxes are based on average tax rates and a portion of gifts and meals and
entertainment are not tax deductible. A valuation allowance has been provided to reduce deferred tax assets to an amount that is more
likely than not to be realized. 

 Prior
to the share exchange, Munn Works, LLC was taxed as a single member Limited Liability Company for federal and state income tax purposes.
As such, the Company will not pay income taxes for earnings prior to the share exchange, as any income or loss will be included in the
tax returns of the individual member. Accordingly, no provision is made for income taxes in the financial statements prior to the share
exchange. 

 Effective
tax rates differ from the federal statutory rate of applied to income before provision for income taxes due to the following: 

Permanent tax basis differences 

Deferred true up 

State taxable income, net 

Change in Valuation allowance 

Rate change 

True up 

Other 

Total provision for income taxes 

The
Company has available net operating loss approximately for tax purposes to offset future taxable income. Pursuant to the Tax
Reform Act of 1986, annual utilization of the Company s net operating loss and contribution carryforwards may be limited if a cumulative
change in ownership of more than is deemed to occur within any three-year period. The tax years 2018 through 2021 remain open to examination
by federal agencies and other jurisdictions in which it operates. 

Liabilities 

Balance sheet at December 31, 2021 

Assets 

Liabilities 

Hospitality 
 Disinfectant 
 Corporate 
 Total 
 
 Income Statement for the year ended December 31, 2022 

Net Sales 

Cost of Goods Sold 

Research and development 

Loss on impairment of goodwill 

Selling, General and Administrative expenses 

Income Statement for the year ended December 31, 2021 

Net Sales 

Cost of Goods Sold 

Research and development 

Selling, General and Administrative expenses 

Net Loss 

Net Loss attributable to common stockholders: 

Dividends to preferred shareholders 

Net Loss attributable to common stockholders 

Basic and Diluted Loss Per Common Share 

Weighted Average Shares Outstanding - basic and diluted 

(the Note ). The Note matures eighteen (18) months from its issuance
date of January 25, 2023 and bears interest at per annum on the outstanding principal balance of the Note. The original principal balance
of the Note is , plus debt issuance costs of . Beginning on July 25, 2023, the Investor shall have the right in any
month to cause the Company to redeem up to of the principal amount of the Note in such month. The Company may elect, in its sole
discretion, to redeem such portions of the Note in cash or in its common stock or in any combination thereof. If redemptions are made
by the Company with its common stock, such stock will be valued at 87.5 of the Nasdaq Minimum Price. The Company may not redeem the Note
with its common stock if at the time of such redemption there is an Equity Condition Failure. It is the intention of the Company to make
all Note redemption payments in cash and not in stock. Beginning on July 25, 2023, all cash redemptions will be subject to a ten percent
(10 redemption premium. The Company may pay all or any portion of the outstanding balance on or before one hundred five (105) days from
the Execution Date without a prepayment penalty; if paid after one hundred five (105) days, the Company will be subject to a 10 prepayment
premium. 

The
Acquisitions 

 The
PURO Acquisition 

 On
January 26, 2023 (the Closing Date ), prior to the effective time of the Puro Mergers (as defined below), the Company paid
or issued, as applicable 

 On
January 27, 2023 in connection with the prior closing of the PURO Acquisition, the Company caused a two-step merger to occur as follows:
(i) a merger between PURO Lighting, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company Old PURO and PURO Acquisition Sub I, Inc.,
a Colorado corporation PURO Sub I and wholly owned subsidiary of the Company became effective (the First PURO Merger),
whereby PURO Sub I was the surviving entity of the merger and then (ii) a merger between PURO Sub I and PURO Acquisition Sub II, LLC,
a Delaware limited liability corporation PURO Sub II and wholly owned subsidiary of the Company became effective (the
 Second PURO Merger and together with the First PURO Merger, the PURO Mergers ), in each case, pursuant to a
previously executed Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of December 19, 2022, as amended on January 26, 2023 (the PURO Merger
Agreement ), by and between the Company, PURO Acquisition Sub I, PURO Acquisition Sub II, PURO, Brian Stern and Andrew Lawrence.
In connection with the PURO Mergers, PURO Sub II was renamed Puro Lighting, LLC New PURO and New PURO is a wholly-owned
subsidiary of the Company. 

 At
the effective time of the First Puro Merger (i) all of the capital stock of PURO Merger Sub I that was outstanding immediately prior to
the effective time of the First PURO Merger was converted into and became (i) 100 of the membership interests of Old PURO (and the membership
interests of Old PURO into which the membership interests of PURO Merger Sub I were converted became the only outstanding membership interests
of Old PURO) and (ii) the right of each holder of a membership interest or profit interest in Old PURO immediately prior to the effective
time of the First PURO Merger to receive from the Company their ownership percentage of the following: 

(1) The PURO Equity
Consideration; and 

(2) The right to receive
earnout payments subject to certain conditions, including achieving certain revenue targets and gross profit margins and payable as set
forth in the PURO Merger Agreement and Schedule II thereto. 

The
LED Supply Acquisition 

 On
the Closing Date, prior to the effective time of the Puro Mergers, the Company paid or issued, as applicable 

 On
January 27, 2023 in connection with the prior closing of the LED Supply Acquisition, the Company caused a two-step merger to occur as
follows: (i) a merger between LED Supply Co. LLC, a Colorado limited liability company Old LED Supply and LED Supply Acquisition
Sub I, Inc., a Colorado corporation LED Supply Sub I and wholly owned subsidiary of the Company became effective (the
 First LED Supply Merger ), whereby LED Supply Acquisition Sub I was the surviving entity in the merger and then (ii) a merger
between LED Supply Sub I and LED Supply Acquisition Sub II, LLC, a Delaware limited liability corporation LED Supply Sub II and wholly owned subsidiary of the Company became effective (the Second LED Supply Merger and together with the First LED
Supply Merger, the LED Supply Mergers ), pursuant to the previously executed Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of December
19, 2022, as amended on January 26, 2023 (the LED Supply Merger Agreement ), by and between the Company, LED Supply Acquisition
Sub I, LED Supply Acquisition Sub II, LED Supply, Brian Stern and Andrew Lawrence. In connection with the LED Supply Mergers, LED Supply
Sub II was renamed Led Supply Co. LLC New LED Supply and New LED Supply is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. 

At
the effective time of the First LED Supply Merger (i) all of the capital stock of LED Supply Merger Sub I that was outstanding immediately
prior to the effective time of the First LED Supply Merger was converted into and became (i) 100 of the membership interests of Old LED
Supply (and the membership interests of Old LED Supply into which the membership interests of LED Supply Merger Sub I were converted became
the only outstanding membership interests of Old LED Supply) and (ii) the right of each holder of a membership interest or profit interest
in Old LED Supply immediately prior to the effective time of the First LED Supply Merger to receive from the Company their ownership percentage
of the following: 

(1) The LED Supply
Equity Consideration; and 

(2) The right to receive
earnout payments subject to certain conditions, including achieving certain revenue targets and gross profit margins and payable as set
forth in the LED Supply Merger Agreement and Schedule II thereto. 

The
foregoing descriptions of the transactions consummated by the Merger Agreements (as amended) are not intended to be complete and is qualified
in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Merger Agreements previously filed as Exhibits 10.1 and 10.2 to the Form 8-K filed
on December 20, 2022, and the Amendments to the Merger Agreements filed hereto as Exhibits 10.1 and 10.2including its amendments, and
the Note Cancellation Agreement, copies of which are filed herewith as Exhibits 10.1, 10.2, 10.3, 10.4 and 10.5, respectively, and incorporated
by reference herein. 

 Legal
Settlement 

 On
February 25, 2022, James Doyle, a former Chief Operating Officer of the Company filed an arbitration claim against the Company for approximately
 million plus attorneys fees and other costs with the American Arbitration Association in the State of New York for severance
pay and other claims after being terminated by the Company for cause. The arbitration proceeding was initiated pursuant to the arbitration
provision in Mr. Doyle s employment agreement with the Company. The evidentiary hearing was conducted at the American Arbitration
Association s midtown offices on November 7, 8, 9, and 10, 2022. Afterwards, the parties submitted post-hearing briefs. 
On January 24, 2023, the arbitration panel issued a Partial Final Award, whereby the Panel denied five of the seven counts asserted by
Doyle, and awarded him only in severance pay plus 21,153.84 in unused vacation time plus 6,379 additional shares in the Company
pursuant to the terms of his Employment Agreement. Because Mr. Doyle was determined to be the prevailing party, the Panel awarded
him his reasonable attorneys fees and expenses, which amounts are currently the subject of post-hearing briefing. The Company
estimated additional legal fees of . The Company accrued a total of 131,153.83 in S,G A expense to cover severance pay, unused
vacation time, and the legal fee estimate. An additional was accrued for interest expense as per the Partial Final Award. 

 Unregistered
Sales of Equity Securities. 

 The
issuance of the PURO Equity Consideration, the LED Supply Equity Consideration and the Series B Preferred Stock are exempt from registration
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). 

Material
Modification to Rights of Security Holders. 

 Series
B Preferred Stock 

 On
January 25, 2023, the Company filed the Certificate of Designations, Rights, and Preferences for the Series B Preferred Stock with the
Secretary of State of the State of Delaware, which became effective upon acceptance for record. On January 26, 2023, the Company filed
the Amendment to the Series B Certificate of Designation (together with the Certificate of Designations, Rights, and Preferences for the
Series B Preferred Stock, the Series B Certificate of Designation ), which became effective upon acceptance for record. The
Series B Certificate of Designation classified a total of shares of the Company s authorized shares of preferred stock,
 par value per share, as Series B Preferred Stock. 

 As
set forth in the Series B Certificate of Designation, the Series B Preferred Stock ranks, as to dividend rights and rights upon the Company s
liquidation, dissolution or winding up: (i) senior to all classes or series of Common Stock and to all other equity securities issued
by the Company expressly designated as ranking junior to the Series B Preferred Stock; (ii) on parity with the Company s 10.5 Series
A Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock; (iii) at least on parity with any future class or series of the Company s equity securities
designated on or after January 25, 2023, including the Company s 5 Series C Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock; and (iv) effectively
junior to all the Company s existing and future indebtedness (including indebtedness convertible into Common Stock or preferred
stock) and to the indebtedness and other liabilities of the Company s existing or future subsidiaries. 

 Holders
of Series B Preferred Stock, when and as authorized by the Company s Board of Directors, are entitled to cumulative cash dividends
at the rate of 2 of the 6 per share liquidation preference per year (equivalent to 0.12 per share per year). Dividends will be payable
quarterly in arrears, on or about the 15th day after the end of a quarterly period, beginning on April 15, 2023. 

 The
holders of Series B Preferred Stock, at his, her, or its option, can require the Company to redeem all or a portion of the Series B Preferred
Stock at any time and from time to time held by such holder after 30 months from the original issue date at a redemption price of 2.00
per share, plus any accrued and unpaid dividends (whether or not authorized or declared), up to but not including the date fixed for redemption,
without interest, to the extent the Company has funds legally available therefor; provided that if a holder requires the Company to redeem
all or a portion of the Series B Preferred Stock at any time and from time to time held by such holder on or after the five (5) year anniversary
of the original issue date, the redemption price will be 6.00 per share, plus any accrued and unpaid dividends (whether or not authorized
or declared), up to but not including the date fixed for redemption, without interest, to the extent the Company has funds legally available
therefor. 

 The
Series B Certificate of Designation provides for a special optional redemption by the Company upon a change of control, in whole or in
part, for 6.00 per share, plus accrued but unpaid dividends to, but not including the redemption date. 

 The
holders of Series B Preferred Stock neither have voting nor preemptive rights. Each share of Series B Preferred Stock is convertible,
at any time and from time to time from and after the original issue date, at the option of the holder, into one share of Common Stock.
The Series B Preferred Stock has no stated maturity and will not be subject to any sinking fund for the payment of the redemption price
or mandatory redemption. 

 Series
C Preferred Stock 

 On
January 25, 2023, the Company filed the Certificate of Designations, Rights, and Preferences for the Series C Preferred Stock with the
Secretary of State of the State of Delaware, which became effective upon acceptance for record. On January 26, 2023, the Company filed
the Amendment to the Series C Certificate of Designation (together with the Certificate of Designations, Rights, and Preferences for the
Series C Preferred Stock, the Series C Certificate of Designation ), which became effective upon acceptance for record. The
Series C Certificate of Designation classified a total of 2,500,000 shares of the Company s authorized shares of preferred stock,
 0.0001 par value per share, as Series C Preferred Stock. 

As
set forth in the Series C Certificate of Designation, the Series C Preferred Stock will rank, as to dividend rights and rights upon the
Company s liquidation, dissolution or winding up: (i) senior to all classes or series of Common Stock and to all other equity securities
issued by the Company expressly designated as ranking junior to the Series C Preferred Stock; (ii) on parity with any future class or
series of the Company s equity securities expressly designated as ranking on parity with the Series C Preferred Stock; (iii) junior
to all equity securities issued by the Company with terms specifically providing that those equity securities rank senior to the Series
C Preferred Stock with respect to the payment of dividends and the distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up;
and (iv) effectively junior to all the Company s existing and future indebtedness (including indebtedness convertible into Common
Stock or preferred stock) and to the indebtedness and other liabilities of the Company s existing or future subsidiaries. 

 Holders
of Series C Preferred Stock, when and as authorized by the Company s Board of Directors, are entitled to cumulative cash dividends
at the rate of of the per share liquidation preference per year (equivalent to per share per year). Dividends will be payable
quarterly in arrears, on or about the 15th day after the end of a quarterly period, beginning on April 15, 2023. 

 The
Company, to the extent it has legally available funds, must redeem all shares of Series C Preferred Stock on the date that is three years
from January 26, 2023. The Series C Certificate of Designation provides for a special optional redemption by the Company upon a change
of control, in whole or in part, for per share, plus accrued but unpaid dividends to, but not including the redemption date. 

 The
holders of Series C Preferred Stock neither have voting nor preemptive rights. Each share of Series C Preferred Stock will be convertible,
at any time and from time to time from and after January 26, 2023, at the option of the holder, into one share of Common Stock. The Series
C Preferred Stock has no stated maturity and will not be subject to any sinking fund for the payment of the redemption price or mandatory
redemption. 

77 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 

 None. 

 Item
9A. Controls and Procedures 

 Disclosure
Controls and Procedures 

 The
Company s management, with the participation of the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, have evaluated
the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )) as of December 31, 2022. Based on that evaluation, the Company s
Chief Executive Officer and the Company s Chief Financial Officer have concluded that as of December 31, 2022, due to the existence
of the material weakness in the Company s internal control over financial reporting described below, the Company s disclosure
controls and procedures were not effective. 

 Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

 Our
Chief Financial Officer is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control
over financial reporting is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act as a process designed by, or under
the supervision of, our principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, and effected by
our Board, senior management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and
the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 

 Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any
evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions,
or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. We continue to review our internal control over financial
reporting and may from time to time make changes aimed at enhancing their effectiveness and to ensure that our systems evolve with our
business. 

78 

Under
the supervision and with the participation of management, including the interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we
conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal
Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).
Based on the control deficiencies identified during this evaluation and set forth below, our senior management has concluded that we did
not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 due to the existence of a material weakness in
internal control over financial reporting as described below. 

 As
set forth below, management will continue to take steps to remediate the control deficiencies identified below. Notwithstanding the control
deficiencies described below, we have performed additional analyses and other procedures to enable management to conclude that our consolidated
financial statements included in this Form 10-K fairly present, in all material respects, our financial condition and results of operations
as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

 A
material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal controls over financial reporting, such that there is
a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented
or detected on a timely basis. 

 While preparing
its annual report for the year ended December 31, 2020 the Company identified an error in the timing of recognizing certain revenues that
effected the previously filed consolidated financial statements as of and for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018. The error also
impacted the previously reported financial statements for the quarters ended September 30, 2020, June 30, 2020 and March 31, 2020. The
impact in those periods has been disclosed in the September 30, 2021, June 30, 2021 and March 31, 2021 10-Q filings. 

 In
connection with the preparation of the consolidated financial statements for the three months ended March 31, 2021, the Company recognized
an error relating to the recognition of the initial warrant liability in November of 2020. The error caused additional paid in capital
to be overstated by approximately 135,000, warrant liability to be understated by approximately 110,000, and net loss to be overstated
by approximately 25,000 as of and for the year ended December 31, 2020. The Company concluded the impact on the interim and year ended
December 31, 2020 financial statements was immaterial and corrected the balances as of March 31, 2021, 

 As
part of such process, our management and audit committee determined that our disclosure controls and procedures for the Affected Periods
were not effective and that the foregoing arose as a result of a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. 

 The
Company s management has developed a remediation plan to address the material weakness and as of January 1, 2021 began using a new
cloud-based software which tracks the progress of jobs and more accurately reflects the percentage of job completeness ensure such revenue
is recognized in the appropriate period. In addition, the Company intends to further remediate the deficiency by performing the following: 

design
 and implement additional internal controls and policies to ensure that we routinely review and document our application of established
 significant accounting policies; and 

implement
 additional systems and technologies to enhance the timeliness and reliability of financial data within the organization. 

continue
 to engage third-party subject matter experts to aid in identifying and applying US GAAP rules related to complex financial instruments
 as well as to enhance the financial reporting function. 

Limitations
on Effectiveness of Controls and Procedures 

 In
designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, management recognizes that
any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired
control objectives. In addition, the design of disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting must reflect
the fact that there are resource constraints and that management is required to apply judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible
controls and procedures relative to their costs. 

 Changes
in Internal Controls over Financial Reporting 

 No
change in the Company s internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act)
occurred during the Company s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect,
our internal control over financial reporting. 

 Item
9B. Other Information. 

 None. 

 Item
9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

 Not
applicable. 

79 

PART
III 

 Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

 The following
are our executive officers and directors and their respective ages and positions as of March 31, 2023. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Max Munn 
 
 78 
 
 President,
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 Michael Riccio 
 
 64 
 
 Chief Financial
 Officer 
 
 Eugene E. Burleson 
 
 82 
 
 Chairman 
 
 Dallas C. Hack 
 
 70 
 
 Director 
 
 Joseph Luhukay 
 
 76 
 
 Director 
 
 Brian Stern 
 
 38 
 
 Director 

Max
Munn is the President, Chief Executive Officer and a director of the Company and is also the Chief Executive Officer of Munn Works,
LLC, our subsidiary focused on the hospitality market. Mr. Munn has held this position at Munn Works for over 20 years. Mr. Munn is also
Co-chairman of Dieu Donne Inc., a not-for-profit and a leading, world recognized atelier wherein dimensional, handmade paper is utilized
in the making of art. Mr. Munn attended MIT from 1961-1966, majored in chemistry and architecture; and received a Bachelor of Architecture
degree. Mr. Munn also attended Columbia University for post graduate studies from 1966-1968, working toward a Ph.D. in architectural history. 

 Michael
Riccio is our Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Riccio joins Applied UV with more than 25 years of broad experience in leadership
roles in corporate and operational finance, including corporate merger and acquisition planning and integration. From September 1986 to
March 2021 Mr. Riccio was Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of Panasonic Corporation of North America. At Panasonic Mr. Riccio lead
the finance organization that supports the principal North American subsidiary of Osaka, Japan-based Panasonic Corporation. Prior
to Panasonic, Mr. Riccio was the Corporate Accounting Manager for Sealed Air Corporation (SEE on NYSE), and prior to Sealed Air he began
his career at CohnReznick, where he was a Senior Auditor. Mr. Riccio is a Certified Public Accountant (CPA) and holds a B.A. in accounting
from Rutgers University and an MBA in finance from Rutgers Business School. Mr. Riccio is a member of the American Institute of Certified
Public Accountants and the New Jersey Society of Certified Public Accountants. 

Eugene
E. Burleson is a Director of the Company. He is a private investor, currently a director and Chairman of the Compensation Committee
of Sunlink Health Systems, Inc. (NYSE American: SSY), an investor in healthcare facilities and related businesses located in the Southeast,
and a director and the Chairman of the Compensation Committee of HealthNow New York, a private health insurance company. He was Chairman
of PET DRx Corporation from June 2005 to July 1, 2010, and its Chief Executive Officer from October 2008 until its acquisition by VCA
Antech in July 2010. Mr. Burleson was a director of HealthMont Inc. from September 2000 until its acquisition by SunLink in October 2003.
Mr. Burleson served as Chairman of the Board of Directors of Mariner Post-Acute Network, Inc. from January 2000 to June 2002. Mr. Burleson
also served as Chairman of the Board of Directors of Alterra Healthcare Inc. a developer and operator of assisted living facilities and
is on the Board of Deckers Outdoor Corporation Inc. Mr. Burleson served as Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of GranCare
Inc. from October 1988 to November 2000. Additionally, Mr. Burleson served as President and Chief Executive Officer of GranCare Inc. from
December 1990 to February 1997. Upon completion of the merger of GranCare s pharmacy operations with Vitalink Pharmacy Services
Inc. in February 1997, he became Chief Executive Officer and a Director of Vitalink Pharmacy Services Inc. Mr. Burleson resigned as Chief
Executive Officer and Director of Vitalink Pharmacy Services in August 1997. From June 1986 to March 1989, Mr. Burleson served as President,
Chief Operating Officer and a Director of American Medical International Inc. (" AMI "), an owner and operator of acute care hospitals.
Based in London from May 1981 to June 1986, Mr. Burleson served as Managing Director of AMI s international operations. Mr. Burleson
received his early management training at Eastman Kodak from 1963 to 1974. He graduated from East Tennessee State University with a Bachelor
of Science Degree in accounting and earned an MBA degree in 1972. 

80 

Dallas
C. Hack, M.D., M.P.H. is a Director of the Company. He is board certified in General Preventive Medicine and Public Health and a Fellow
in the American College of Military Public Health. Since July 2018, he has been the Chief Medical Officer of Virtech Bio, Inc., a private
company that sells a ready-to-use oxygen-carrying plasma expander to restore circulatory system parameters and since 2015 has been a consultant
to numerous biotech and non-profit companies to advance medical research and transition the progress to improved clinical practice. From
June 2018 to March 2020, he was a director, member of the Audit and Product Development Committees and the interim Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer of CVR Medical Corp. (OTC: CRRVF), a publicly traded med-tech company dedicated to the development and advancement
of revolutionary technology at work within the healthcare sector. He directed trauma research for the military from 2008 to 2014, with
responsibility for more than 2 billion in grant funding. He held numerous military medical leadership positions including Commander of
the NATO Headquarters Healthcare Facility, and Command Surgeon at the strategic level during Operations Enduring Freedom and Iraqi Freedom.
COL.(R) Hack, who served for 28 years, received numerous military awards including the Bronze Star, two Legion of Merit awards, and was
inducted as a Distinguished Member of the Military Order of Medical Merit. He has a BA from Andrews University (1972), an MPH from Johns
Hopkins University (1995), a MD from Loma Linda University (1976), an MSS from the US Army War College (2004), and a CPE from the Certifying
Commission in Medical Management (1997). He was recognized as the Distinguished Alumnus of the Year by Loma Linda University in May 2015.
Dr. Hack has an appointment from the School of Medicine, University of Pittsburgh as Adjunct Professor of Neurosurgery and from Virginia
Commonwealth University as an Associate Clinical Professor, Department of Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation. 

 Joseph
(Jos) Luhukay is a seasoned international banking Executive with over 40 years of experience leading many of Indonesia s leading
financial institutions and a former Ernst and Young Partner who led the business advisory and risk consulting practice which provided
services in corporate governance, risk management, information systems audit and advisory, internal audit and policy and operational process
development. Jos Luhukay s distinguished career brings Applied UV a strong track record in delivering profitable growth for internationally
recognized bank and investment banking companies including: Chief Operating Officer of Bank Niaga, Bahana Pembinaan Usaha Indonesia, a
main Indonesian Government-owned investment Bank, Chief Operating Officer Executive Director of the Jakarta Initiative Task Force
(set up by the Ministry of Finance) where he managed a 65B portfolio and restructured over 20 of it in less than 2 years, President
Director of Bank Lippo, where he was awarded CEO of the Year in 2006 by SWA Magazine (the largest business magazine in Indonesia),
Deputy President of Temasek-owned Bank Danamon and his most recent role as President Director of Rabobank International Indonesia, a 30
year old Dutch owned Commercial Bank in Indonesia. Jos Luhukay holds an engineering degree in electrical engineering from the University
of Indonesia, a Master s and PhD in Computer Science from the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. 

 Brian
A. Stern is a Director of the Company. He currently serves as President of PURO Lighting, a division of Applied UV Inc. Mr. Stern
co-founded LED Supply Co LLC in 2009, and co-founded PURO Lighting LLC in 2019. He served as the CEO of both LED Supply Co LLC and PURO
Lighting LLC until the acquisition by Applied UV Inc in January of 2023. He graduated from University of Denver with a Bachelor of Science
in business management in 2007. 

 Board
of Directors 

 Our
business and affairs are managed under the direction of our Board. Our Board consists of five (5) directors, three (3) of whom qualify
as independent under the listing standards of Nasdaq. 

 Directors
serve until the next annual meeting and until their successors are elected and qualified. Officers are appointed to serve for one year
until the meeting of the Board following the annual meeting of shareholders and until their successors have been elected and qualified. 

81 

Board
Leadership Structure and Risk Oversight 

 The
Board oversees our business and considers the risks associated with our business strategy and decisions. The Board currently implements
its risk oversight function as a whole. Each of the Board committees, as set forth below, will also provide risk oversight in respect
of its areas of concentration and reports material risks to the board for further consideration. 

 Director
Independence 

 Our
board of directors are composed of a majority of independent directors as defined under the rules of Nasdaq. Nasdaq Listing
Rule 5605(a)(2) provides that an independent director is a person other than an officer or employee of the company
or any other individual having a relationship which, in the opinion of the Company s Board, would interfere with the exercise of
independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. 

 Under
such definition, our Board has undertaken a review of the independence of each director. Based on information provided by each director
concerning his or her background, employment and affiliations, our Board has determined that Eugene Burleson, Dr. Dallas Hack, and Joseph
Luhukay are all independent directors of the Company. 

 Board
Committees 

 Our
board of directors has established three standing committees: audit committee, compensation committee and nominating and corporate governance
committee, each of which operate under a charter that has been approved by our board of directors. We have appointed persons to the board
of directors and committees of the board of directors as required meeting the corporate governance requirements of the Nasdaq Listing
Rules. 

 Audit
Committee 

 We
have established an audit committee consisting of Eugene Burleson, Joseph Luhukay, and Dallas Hack. Eugene Burleson is the Chairman of
the audit committee. In addition, our Board has determined that Eugene Burleson is an audit committee financial expert within the meaning
of Item 407(d) of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act. The audit committee s
duties, which are specified in our Audit Committee Charter, include, but are not limited to: 

reviewing
 and discussing with management and the independent auditor the annual audited financial statements, and recommending to the board whether
 the audited financial statements should be included in our annual disclosure report; 

discussing
 with management and the independent auditor significant financial reporting issues and judgments made in connection with the preparation
 of our financial statements; 

discussing
 with management major risk assessment and risk management policies; 

monitoring
 the independence of the independent auditor; 

verifying
 the rotation of the lead (or coordinating) audit partner having primary responsibility for the audit and the audit partner responsible
 for reviewing the audit as required by law; 

reviewing
 and approving all related-party transactions; 

inquiring
 and discussing with management our compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 

pre-approving
 all audit services and permitted non-audit services to be performed by our independent auditor, including the fees and terms of the services
 to be performed; 

appointing
 or replacing the independent auditor; 

determining
 the compensation and oversight of the work of the independent auditor (including resolution of disagreements between management and the
 independent auditor regarding financial reporting) for the purpose of preparing or issuing an audit report or related work; 

establishing
 procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received by us regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or
 reports which raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies; and 

approving
 reimbursement of expenses incurred by our management team in identifying potential target businesses. 

82 

The
audit committee is composed exclusively of independent directors who are financially literate as defined under
the Nasdaq listing standards. The Nasdaq listing standards define financially literate as being able to read and understand
fundamental financial statements, including a company s balance sheet, income statement and cash flow statement. 

 Compensation
Committee 

 We
have established a compensation committee of the board of directors to consist of Dallas Hack, Joseph Luhukay, and Eugene Burleson, each
of whom is an independent director. Dallas Hack is Chairman of the compensation committee. Each member of our compensation committee is
also a non-employee director, as defined under Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act, and an outside director,
as defined pursuant to Section 162(m) of the Code. The compensation committee s duties, which are specified in our Compensation
Committee Charter, include, but are not limited to: 

reviews,
 approves and determines, or makes recommendations to our board of directors regarding, the compensation of our executive officers; 

administers
 our equity compensation plans; 

reviews
 and approves, or makes recommendations to our board of directors, regarding incentive compensation and equity compensation plans; and 

establishes
 and reviews general policies relating to compensation and benefits of our employees. 

Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee 

 We
have established a nominating and corporate governance committee consisting of Eugene Burleson, Joseph Luhukay, and Dallas Hack. Joseph
Luhukay is Chairman of the nominating and corporate governance committee. The nominating and corporate governance committee s duties,
which are specified in our Nominating and Corporate Governance Audit Committee Charter, include, but are not limited to: 

identifying,
 reviewing and evaluating candidates to serve on our board of directors consistent with criteria approved by our board of directors; 

evaluating
 director performance on our board of directors and applicable committees of our board of directors and determining whether continued service
 on our board of directors is appropriate 

evaluating
 nominations by stockholders of candidates for election to our board of directors; and 

corporate
 governance matters 

Code
of Ethics 

 Our
Board has adopted a written code of business conduct and ethics (" Code ") that applies to our directors, officers and employees,
including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing
similar functions. The Code is applicable to all of our directors, officers and employees and is available on our corporate website, www.applieduvinc.com.
We intend to disclose any amendments to our code of business conduct and ethics, or waivers of its requirements, on our website or in
filings under the Exchange Act to the extent required by applicable rules and exchange requirements. 

83 

Family
Relationships 

 There
are no family relationships among the officers and directors, nor are there any arrangements or understanding between any of the Directors
or Officers of our Company or any other person pursuant to which any Officer or Director was or is to be selected as an officer or director. 

 Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings 

 On
June 25, 2018, MunnWorks filed a voluntary petition for reorganization pursuant to Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code in order to (i) pursue
its appeal of a 1.4 million New York State court judgment arising out of an employment and business dispute with a former employer of
Mr. Munn (of which Mr. Munn s family-owned 50 of the equity) and (ii) preserve its ongoing operations from collection efforts with
respect to such judgment. MunnWorks settled the dispute by making a 400,000 cash payment and on June 28, 2019, concluded its Chapter
11 proceedings. 

 None
of our other directors, executive officers, significant employees or control persons have been involved in any legal proceeding listed
in Item 401(f) of Regulation S-K in the past 10 years. 

Item
11. Executive Compensation 

 Summary
Compensation Table 

 The
following summary compensation table provides information regarding the compensation paid during our fiscal years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021 for our Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) and President, and our Chief Financial Officer. We refer to these
individuals as our named executive officers. : 

Name and Principal Position 
 Fiscal Year Ended 
 Salary ) 
 Stock Awards ) 
 Option Awards ) (1) 
 All Other Compensation ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Max Munn 
 2022 
 297,692 
 
 27,827 (3) 
 30,612 (4) 
 356,131 
 
 President and Chief Executive Officer, President and Director (2) 
 2021 
 310,357 
 
 1,567,449 
 25,510 
 1,903,316 
 
 Michael Riccio 
 2022 
 298,077 
 135,000 (5) 
 149,404 (6) 
 100,000 (7) 
 682,481 
 
 Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 2021 
 146,154 
 
 297,711 
 
 443,865 
 
 John Andrews 
 2022 
 276,530 
 106,500 (9) 
 183,089 (10) 
 
 566,119 
 
 Former Chief Executive Officer (8) 
 2021 

(1) See Footnote 9
in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a description of all of the assumptions made in the valuation of these options. 

(2) Mr. Munn became
the acting Chief Executive Officer upon the resignation of Mr. John Andrews as of December 19, 2022, and was appointed Chief Executive
Officer by the board om March 3, 2023. 

(3) Mr.Munn received
options to purchase 50,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 2.00 per share. These options vest at the end of each quarter
for 4 quarters beginning March 31, 2023. 

(4) Auto lease and
auto insurance payments the Company provided to Mr. Munn. 

(5) Mr. Riccio received
50,000 shares of restricted common stock on January 1, 2022 valued at 2.70 per share, which was the fair market value on the grant date.
These shares vest quarterly over 3 years. 

(6) Mr. Riccio received
options on January 1, 2022 to purchase 70,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 2.70, and also received options on June
3, 2022 to purchase 30,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 1.07. These options vest quarterly over 3 years. 

(7) Mr. Riccio received
a bonus of 100,000 in January 2022, pursuant to his employment agreement dated January 1, 2022. 

(8) Mr. Andrews resigned
as of December 19, 2022. 

(9) Mr. Andrews received
75,000 shares of restricted common stock on April 11, 2022, valued at 1.42 per share, which was the fair market value on the grant date.
These shares vest quarterly over 3 years. As of his resignation date of December 19, 2022, 59,035 unvested shares were cancelled. 

(10) Mr. Andrews received
options on April 11, 2022 to purchase 175,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 1.42. These options were cancelled as of
March 19, 2023, which is 90 days after his resignation date. 

84 

Employment
Agreements 

 Max Munn. 
On April 18, 2022, Applied UV, Inc. (the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiary Munn Works LLC, entered into an amended
and restated employment agreement (the Employment Agreement with Mr. Max Munn, pursuant to which Mr. Munn will continue
to serve as the President of the Company and the Manager and Chief Executive Officer of Munn Works LLC. The Employment Agreement amends
and restates Mr. Munn s prior employment agreement dated March 4, 2021 (the Original Agreement ). The Employment Agreement
is effective as of March 1, 2022 and terminates on February 28, 2024 (the Term and will automatically renew for successive
one-year terms unless terminated by the parties as provided under the Employment Agreement. The Employment Agreement amends the terms
of the Original Agreement by providing Mr. Munn with a cash annual base salary of 360,000 and cancels 206,557 of the 309,835 options
granted to Mr. Munn under the Original Agreement. Also, all the Original Agreement terminated on March 4, 2024 while the Employment Agreement
terminates on February 28, 2024. All of the other terms of the Original Agreement remain the same. 

 Michael
Riccio . The Company has entered into an Employment Agreement (the Employment Agreement dated January 1, 2022
with Michael Riccio, its current Chief Financial Officer. The Employment Agreement has a two year term and automatically renews for additional
two year terms unless 90 days prior to the prior to the end of the current term the Company or Mr. Riccio provides notice to the other
that the term will not be extended or the Employment Agreement is sooner terminated by the Company with or without cause or by Mr. Riccio
with good reason or for no reason, in each case as set forth in the Employment Agreement. The Employment Agreement provides Mr. Riccio
with a base salary of 300,000, annual performance bonus of up to 100 of base salary based on periodic assessments of Mr. Riccio s
performance as well as the achievement of specific individual and corporate objectives as determined by the CEO in consultation with Mr.
Riccio; and equity awards of 50,000 shares of the Company s common stock and a 10 year option to purchase 70,000 shares of the Company s
common stock at an exercise price of 2.70 per share. Each equity award vests quarterly over a three year period commencing on January
1, 2022 with the first vesting to occur on April 1, 2022. Mr Riccio is also entitled to in the participate the Company-funded healthcare
insurance plan and in all other benefits, perquisites, vacation days, benefit plans or programs of the Company which are available generally
to office employees and other employees of the Company in accordance with the terms of such plans, benefits or programs. 

Severance
Agreement 

 On
December 19, 2022, Mr. John Andrews resigned as a member of the Board of Directors of Applied UV, Inc. (the Company and
the Chief Executive Officer of the Company. Mr. Andrews tendered his resignations, in connection with the anticipated closing of the acquisitions
of PURO Lighting, LLC PURO and LED Supply Co. LLC (together with PURO, the Acquired Companies by the Company
to allow the executives that will be retained from the Acquired Companies to assume a leadership position with the Company. Mr. Andrews
agreed to remain as a consultant (subject to his availability) for 10 months if asked by the Company. 

 Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

 The
following table sets forth information concerning outstanding equity awards held by the certain executives of the Company as of December
31, 2022: 

Option Awards 
 Stock Awards 

Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options 

Name 
 Exercisable 
 Unexercisable 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options 
 Option Exercise Price 
 Option Expiration Date 
 Number of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested 
 Market Value of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested 
 
 Max Munn 
 104,278 
 50,000 
 
 (1 
 (1 

Michael Riccio 
 80,976 
 89,024 
 
 (2 
 (2 
 33,333 
 90,000 
 
 John Andrews 
 29,167 

1.42 
 (3 
 (4 
 (4 

(1) Mr. Munn s
options are as follows: 500 exercisable with an exercise price of 5.00 expiring April 1, 2030; 500 exercisable with an exercise price
of 5.00 expiring July 1, 2030; 103,278 exercisable with an exercise price of 7.80 expiring March 4, 2031; 50,000 unexercisable options
with an exercise price of 2.00 expiring December 31, 2032. 

(2) Mr. Riccio s
options are as follows: 52,643 exercisable with an exercise price od 6.53 expiring September 28, 2031; 23,333 exercisable with an exercise
price of 2.70 expiring January 1, 2032; 5,000 exercisable with an exercise price of 1.07 expiring June 3, 2032. 

(3) Mr. Andrews resigned
as of December 19, 2022 and his exercisable options expired on March 19, 2023. 

(4) Mr. Andrews had
15,965 shares vested after his resignation from the Company at a market value of 22,670. 

Option Exercises: No stock options were exercised by the above named individuals in 2021. 

85 

Director
Compensation 

 The
annual compensation for each non-employee Director is summarized in the table below. 

 2022
Director Compensation Table 

Name 
 Fees earned or paid in cash ) (1) 
 Stock Awards ) 
 Option Awards ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Joel Kanter (2) 
 6,250 
 0 
 0 
 6,250 
 
 Alastair J. Clemow (3) 
 6,250 
 0 
 0 
 6,250 
 
 Eugene A. Bauer (4) 
 6,250 
 0 
 0 
 6,250 
 
 Eugene Burleson (5) 
 25,000 
 33,750 
 0 
 58,750 
 
 Dallas C Hack (6) 
 25,000 
 20,250 
 0 
 45,250 
 
 Joseph Luhukay (7) 
 12,500 
 13,000 
 0 
 25,500 
 
 Monica Woo (8) 
 12,500 
 13,000 
 0 
 25,500 

(1) Directors are paid 6,250
per quarter. 

(2) On May 17, 2022,
Mr. Kanter, the Company s former Chairman, was not re-elected by the stockholders. He was paid his fee for the first quarter, but
his 7,500 shares of restricted common stock granted January 1, 2022, that vest one year from the date of grant for his service as a director
and his 10,000 shares of restricted common stock granted January 1, 2022 that vest one year from the date of grant for his service as
the Chairman of the Board were cancelled as of May 17, 2022. 

(3) On May 17, 2022,
Mr. Clemow resigned from the board of directors of the Company. He was paid his fee for the first quarter, but his 7,500 shares of restricted
common stock granted January 1, 2022 that vest one year from the date of grant for his service as a director and his 5,000 shares of
restricted common stock granted January 1, 2022 that vest one year from the date of grant for his service as the Chairman of the Compensation
Committee were cancelled as of May 17, 2022. 

(4) On May 17, 2022,
Mr. Bauer resigned from the board of directors of the Company. He was paid his fee for the first quarter, but his 7,500 shares of restricted
common stock granted January 1, 2022 that vest one year from the date of grant for his service as a director and 5,000 shares of restricted
common stock granted January 1, 2022 that vest one year from the date of grant for his service as the Chairman of the Nominating and
Corporate Governance Committee were cancelled as of May 17, 2022. 

(5) On January 1, 2022,
Mr. Burleson was awarded 7,500 shares of restricted common stock that vest one year from the date of grant for his service as a director
and 5,000 shares of restricted common stock that vest one year from the date of grant for his service as the Chairman of the Audit Committee. 

(6) On January 1, 2022,
Dr. Hack was awarded 7,500 shares of restricted common stock that vest one year from the date of grant for his service as a director. 

(7) Mr. Luhukay was
elected to the board by the shareholders on May 17, 2022. He was awarded 10,000 shares on May 17, 2022 upon his appointment to the board
which vest equally over four years beginning January 1, 2023. 

(8) Ms. Woo was elected
to the board by the shareholders on May 17, 2022. She was awarded 10,000 shares on May 17, 2022 upon her appointment to the board which
vest equally over four years beginning January 1, 2023. Ms. Woo resigned from the board as of February 27, 2023, and her 10,000 share
stock award was cancelled. 

86 

Item
12. Security ownership Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

 The
table below sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of the common stock by (i) our directors and named executive officers;
(ii) all the named executives and directors as a group and (iii) any other person or group that to our knowledge beneficially owns more
than five percent of our outstanding shares of common stock. 

 We
have determined beneficial ownership in accordance with the rules and regulations of the SEC. These rules generally provide that a person
is the beneficial owner of securities if such person has or shares the power to vote or direct the voting thereof, or to dispose or direct
the disposition thereof or has the right to acquire such powers within 60 days. Shares of common stock subject to options that are currently
exercisable or exercisable within 60 days of March 31, 2023, are deemed to be outstanding and beneficially owned by the person holding
the options. Shares issuable pursuant to stock options or warrants are deemed outstanding for computing the percentage ownership of the
person holding such options or warrants but are not deemed outstanding for computing the percentage ownership of any other person. Except
as indicated by the footnotes below, we believe, based on the information furnished to us, that the persons and entities named in the
table below will have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock that they will beneficially own, subject
to applicable community property laws. The percentage of beneficial ownership is based on 19,237,273 shares of common stock outstanding
on March 31, 2023. 

Number of Shares Beneficially Owned 
 Beneficial Ownership Percentages 
 
 Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Common Stock 
 Series X Super Voting Preferred Stock (2) 
 Percent of Common Stock 
 Percent of Series X Super Voting Preferred Stock 
 Percent of Voting Stock (3) 
 
 Officers and Directors 

Max Munn, Chief Executive Officer , President and Director 
 5,237,611 (4) 
 10,000 (5) 
 27.2 
 100 
 52.1 
 
 Michael Riccio, Chief Financial Officer 
 143,529 

Brian Stern, Director (6) 
 1,825,526 
 
 9.5 
 
 6.2 
 
 Eugene Burleson, Director 
 60,000 

Dallas Hack, Director 
 40,000 

Joseph Luhukay, Director 
 17,500 

Officers and Directors as a Group 
 7,324,166 
 10,000 
 38.1 
 100 
 59.3 
 
 5 Stockholders 

The Munn Family 2020 Irrevocable Trust 
 5,000,000 
 10,000 
 26.0 
 100 
 51.3 
 
 Brian Stern, Director 
 1,825,526 
 
 9.5 
 
 6.2 
 
 Andrew Lawrence 
 1,549,971 
 
 8.1 
 N/A 
 5.3 

(1) The principal address
of the named officers, directors and 5 stockholders of the Company is c/o Applied UV, Inc. 150 N. Macquesten Parkway Mount Vernon, New
York 10550. 

(2) Entitles the holder
to 1,000 votes per share and votes with the common as a single class. 

(3) Represents total
ownership percentage with respect to all shares of common stock and Series X Super Voting Preferred Stock, as a single class. 

(4) Includes (i) 5,000,000
shares which are held in the name of The Munn Family 2020 Irrevocable Trust, for which the spouse of Max Munn is the trustee; (ii) 20,000
shares owned by Mr. Munn directly (iii) 80,000 shares underlying a warrant issued to Mr. Munn, which is exercisable at 5.00 per share;
(iv) 1,000 vested shares underlying an option granted to Mr. Munn as director compensation, which are exercisable at 5.00 per share;
(v) 103,278 vested shares underlying an option granted to Mr. Munn pursuant to his employment agreement, which are exercisable at 7.80
per share; (vi) 12,500 vested shares underlying an option granted to Mr. Munn on December 31, 2022; and (vii) 20,833 vested shares underlying
an option granted to Mr. Munn on January 10, 2023. Mr. Munn is a guarantor of a 1,500,000 loan to The Munn Family Trust pursuant to
which 5,000,000 shares of Common Stock held by the Munn Family Trust are pledged as collateral. 

(5) Held by The Munn
Family 2020 Irrevocable Trust. 

(6) Mr. Stern was appointed
to the board of directors on February 1, 2023. 

87 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related party Transactions, and Director Independence 

 In
February of 2019, the Company engaged Carmel, Milazzo Feil LLP (the Firm to represent and assist the company with
all general corporate legal matters including the preparation and filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission of a registration
statement on Form S-1 in connection with the Company s initial public offering. Ross Carmel, a former member of the Company s
Board of Directors, who resigned on May 1, 2020, is a partner at the Firm. The Firm performed legal services in exchange for 161,794 shares
of the Company s common stock 

 Item
14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

 Fees
For Audit Services: The following table sets forth the aggregate fees for services we have paid to Mazars USA LLP Mazars our independent registered public accounting firms for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Years 
 Audit Fees 
 Audit Related Fees 
 Tax Fees 
 All other Fees 
 
 2022 (1) 
 371,370 

2021 (1) 
 99,225 

(1) Audit fees consist
of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our consolidated annual financial statements, review of the interim
consolidated financial statements, the issuance of consent and comfort letters in connection with registration statement filings with
the SEC and all services that are normally provided by the accounting firm in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements. 

88 

PART
IV 

 Item
15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 

 (a)
 The following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report: 

 (1)
The financial statements are filed as part of this Annual Report under Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

 (2) The
financial statement schedules are omitted because they are either not applicable or the information required is presented in the financial
statements and notes thereto under Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

 (3) The
exhibits listed in the following Exhibit Index are filed, furnished or incorporated by reference as part of this Annual Report. 

 (b) Exhibits 

 See the
Exhibit Index immediately preceding the signature page of this Annual Report. 

 Item
16. Form 10-K Summary 

 None. 

89 

EXHIBIT
INDEX 

No. 
 Exhibit No. 
 
 3.1 
 Certificate
 of Incorporation of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1
 (File No. 333-239892) filed with the SEC as of July 16, 2020). 
 
 3.2 
 Amended
 and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Company s Registration
 Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-239892) filed with the SEC as of July 16, 2020). 
 
 3.3 
 Bylaws
 of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-239892)
 filed with the SEC as of July 16, 2020). 
 
 3.4 
 Certificate
 of Designation, Preferences and Rights of Series A Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 of the Company s Registration
 Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-239892) filed with the SEC as of July 16, 2020). 
 
 3.5 
 Certificate
 of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation filed on June 17, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.5 of the Company s Registration
 Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-239892) filed with the SEC as of July 16, 2020). 
 
 3.6 
 Certificate
 of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation filed on June 23, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.6 of the Company s Registration
 Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-239892) filed with the SEC as of July 16, 2020). 
 
 3.7 
 Certificate
 of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation filed July 14, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.7 of the Company s Registration
 Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-239892) filed with the SEC as of July 16, 2020). 
 
 3.8 
 Certificate
 of Amendment to Certificate of Designation of Series A Preferred Stock, filed on June 17, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1
 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on July 19, 2021). 
 
 3.9 
 Certificate
 of Designation, Preferences and Rights of 10.5 Series A Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.9
 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-257197) filed with the SEC as of June 25, 2021). 
 
 3.10 
 Certificate
 of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, filed on October 7, 2021 
 
 3.11 
 Certificate
 of Amendment to the Certificate of Designation of Series A Preferred Stock, filed on December 8, 2021 
 
 3.12 
 Certificate of Designations, Rights, and Preferences of 2 Series B Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 1, 2023) 
 
 3.13 
 Certificate of Designations, Rights, and Preferences of 5 Series C Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 1, 2023) 
 
 10.1 
 Warrant,
 dated April 1, 2020 issued to Max Munn (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form
 S-1 (File No. 333-239892) filed with the SEC as of July 16, 2020). 
 
 10.2 
 The
 Company s 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of the Company s Registration Statement on
 Form S-1 (333-239892) filed with the SEC as of July 16, 2020). 
 
 10.3 
 Form
 of Option Agreement and Grant issued under February 18, 2020 Board Approval (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 of the Company s
 Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-239892) filed with the SEC as of July 16, 2020). 
 
 10.4 
 Agreement,
 dated April 20, 2020 between Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai and SteriLumen, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 of
 the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-239892) filed with the SEC as of July 16, 2020). 
 
 10.5 
 Common
 Stock Purchase Warrant, dated July 1, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 of the Company s Registration Statement on
 Form S-1 (File No. 333-239892) filed with the SEC as of July 16, 2020). 
 
 10.6 
 Common
 Stock Purchase Warrant, dated July 1, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 of the Company s Registration Statement on
 Form S-1 (File No. 333-239892) filed with the SEC as of July 16, 2020). 
 
 10.7 
 Form
 of Option issued to Medical Advisory Board members (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 of the Company s Registration Statement
 on Form S-1 (File No. 333-239892) filed with the SEC as of July 16, 2020). 
 
 10.8 
 Employment
 Agreement, dated June 30, 2020 between the Company and Max Munn (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 of the Company s Registration
 Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-239892) filed with the SEC as of July 16, 2020). 
 
 10.9 
 Employment Agreement, dated January 1, 2022 between the Company and Michael Ricco (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 3, 2022) 
 
 10.10 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of December 19, 2022, by and among the Company, PURO Acquisition Sub I, Inc., PURO Acquisition Sub II, LLC, PURO Lighting, LLC, Brian Stern, Andrew Lawrence, and the Member Representative (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 1, 2023) 
 
 10.11 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of December 19, 2022, by and among the Company, LED Supply Acquisition Sub I, Inc., LED Supply Acquisition Sub II, LLC, LED Supply Co. LLC, Brian Stern, Andrew Lawrence, and the Member Representative (incorporated by reference Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 1, 2023) 
 
 10.12 
 Amendment to Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of January 26, 2023, by and among the Company, PURO Acquisition Sub I, Inc., PURO Acquisition Sub II, LLC, PURO Lighting, LLC, Brian Stern, Andrew Lawrence, and the Member Representative (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 1, 2023) 
 
 10.13 
 Amendment to Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of January 26, 2023, by and among the Company, LED Supply Acquisition Sub I, Inc., LED Supply Acquisition Sub II, LLC, LED Supply Co. LLC, Brian Stern, Andrew Lawrence, and the Member Representative (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 1, 2023) 
 
 10.14 
 Securities Purchase Agreement dated October 7, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 14, 2022) 
 
 10.15 
 Note dated October 7, 2022 in the principal amount of 2,807,500 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 14, 2022) 
 
 10.16 
 Loan and Security Agreement dated as of December 9, 2022, by and between the Company, SteriLumen, Inc., Munn Works, LLC and Pinnacle Bank (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 15, 2022) 
 
 10.17 
 First Modification to Loan and Security Agreement and Loan Documents dated as of December 9, 2022, by and between the Company, SteriLumen, Inc., Munn Works, LLC and Pinnacle Bank (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 15, 2022) 
 
 10.18 
 Note Purchase and Cancellation Agreement dated as of January 5, 2023, by and between the Company, PURO Lighting, LLC, and Acuity Brands Lighting, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 11, 2023) 
 
 10.19 
 Securities Purchase Agreement dated January 25, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 31, 2023) 
 
 10.20 
 Amendment to Securities Purchase Agreement dated January 25, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 31, 2023) 
 
 10.21 
 Note dated January 25, 2023 in the principal amount of 2,807,500 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 31, 2023) 
 
 21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries of the Registrant 
 
 31.1 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 31.2 
 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 
 Certification by the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

Filed herewith 

Exhibits 32.1 and 32.2 are being furnished and shall not be deemed to be filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange
Act, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, nor shall such exhibits be deemed to be incorporated by reference in any registration
statement or other document filed under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as otherwise specifically
stated in such filing. 

90 

SIGNATURES 

 Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report
to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Date: March
 31, 2023 
 APPLIED
 UV, INC. 

By: 
 /s/
 Max Munn 

Max Munn 

Chief Executive
 Officer 

POWER
OF ATTORNEY 

 Each
individual person whose signature appears below hereby appoints Max Munn as attorneys-in-fact with full power of substitution, severally,
to execute in the name and on behalf of each such person, individually and in each capacity stated below, one or more amendments to this
annual report which amendments may make such changes in the report as the attorney-in-fact acting in the premises deems appropriate, to
file any such amendment to the report with the SEC, and to take all other actions either of them deem necessary or advisable to enable
the Company to comply with the rules, regulations and requirements of the SEC. 

 Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Max Munn 
 
 Chief Executive
 Officer, President and Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Max Munn 

/s/
 Michael Riccio 
 
 Chief Financial
 Officer 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Michael Riccio 
 
 (principal
 financial and accounting officer) 

/s/
 Eugene Burleson 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Eugene Burleson 

/s/
 Dr. Dallas C. Hack 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Dr. Dallas
 C. Hack 

/s/
 Joseph Luhukay 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Joseph Luhukay 

/s/
 Brian Stern 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Brian Stern 

91 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 ex21_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 21.1

Subsidiaries of the Registrant 

Legal Name of Subsidiary 
 
 Jurisdiction 
of Organization 
 
 Munn Works, LLC 
 
 New York 
 
 SteriLuman, Inc. 
 
 New York 
 
 PURO Lighting, LLC 
 
 Colorado 
 
 LED Supply Co. LLC. 
 
 Colorado 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex31_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1

CHIEF
EXECUTIVE OFFICER CERTIFICATION 
PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 

 I,
Max Munn, certify that: 

 1. I
have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Applied UV, Inc. (the Registrant ); 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report. 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have: 

a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
March 31, 2023 

/s/
Max Munn 

 Max Munn 

 Chief
Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex31_2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2 

 CHIEF
FINANCIAL OFFICER CERTIFICATION 
PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 

 I,
Michael
 Riccio, certify that: 

 1. I
have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Applied UV, Inc. (the Registrant ); 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report. 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have: 

a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2023 

/s/ Michael
 Riccio 

 Michael
 Riccio 

 Chief Financial Officer (Principal
Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ex32_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1 

 CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

 In
connection with the accompanying Annual Report of Applied UV, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the twelve months
ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I,
Max Munn, Principal Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant
to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to the best of my knowledge, that: 

 (1)
The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

 (2)
The information contained in the Report fully presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of
the Company. 

/s/
 Max Munn 

Max Munn 

Principal
 Executive Officer 

March 31, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 ex32_2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2 

 CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

 In
connection with the accompanying Annual Report of Applied UV, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the twelve months
ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I,
Michael
 Riccio, Principal Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to the best of my knowledge, that: 

 (1)
The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

 (2)
The information contained in the Report fully presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of
the Company. 

/s/Michael
 Riccio 

Michael
 Riccio 

Principal
 Financial Officer 

March
31, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 auvi-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 auvi-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 auvi-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 auvi-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

