<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230224_10-K_edgar_data_1298946_0001298946-23-000015.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>14130756</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>358151</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2713003</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4516831</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3453430</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2870779</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001298946-23-000015.hdr.sgml : 20230224
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230224153352
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001298946-23-000015
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		92
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230224
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230224

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			DiamondRock Hospitality Co
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001298946
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-32514
		FILM NUMBER:		23666440

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2 BETHESDA METRO CENTER
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1400
		CITY:			BETHESDA
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20814
		BUSINESS PHONE:		240-744-1150

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2 BETHESDA METRO CENTER
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1400
		CITY:			BETHESDA
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20814

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001298946-23-000015.txt : 20230224

10-K
 1
 drh-20221231.htm
 10-K

drh-20221231 

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 _____________________________ 
 FORM 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 
 OR 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 Commission file number 
 MPANY 
 (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 
 (State of Incorporation) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of Each Class Trading symbol(s) Name of Exchange on Which Registered 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Table of Contents 

Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the common equity held by non-affiliates of the Registrant (assuming for these purposes, but without conceding, that all executive officers and Directors are affiliates of the Registrant) as of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the Registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was billion (based on the closing sale price of the Registrant's Common Stock on that date as reported on the New York Stock Exchange). 
 The registrant had shares of its 0.01 par value Common Stock outstanding as of February 24, 2023. 
 
 Documents Incorporated by Reference 

Table of Contents 
 INDEX 
 Page No. PART I 
 Item 1. Business 
 6 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 14 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 35 
 Item 2. Properties 
 36 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 43 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 43 
 PART II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 44 
 Item 6. Reserved 
 46 
 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 46 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 62 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 62 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 
 62 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 62 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 63 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 63 
 PART III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 64 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 64 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 64 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 64 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 64 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 65 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 67 
 
 -3- 

Tabl e of Contents 

 SPECIAL NOTE ABOUT FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 Certain statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, other than purely historical information, including estimates, projections, statements relating to our business plans, objectives and expected operating results, and the assumptions upon which those statements are based, are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. These forward-looking statements generally are identified by the words believes, project, expects, anticipates, estimates, intends, strategy, plan, may, will, would, will be, will continue, will likely result, strive, endeavor, mission, goal, and similar expressions. Forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to risks and uncertainties which may cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. 
 
 Some of the risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from those expressed or implied by forward-looking statements include, among others, the following: 
 
 negative developments in the economy, including, but not limited to rising inflation and interest rates, job loss or growth trends, an increase in unemployment or a decrease in corporate earnings and investment; 
 increased competition in the lodging industry and from alternative lodging channels or third party internet intermediaries in the markets in which we own properties; 
 failure to effectively execute our long-term business strategy and successfully identify and complete acquisitions and dispositions; 
 risks and uncertainties affecting hotel management, operations and renovations (including, without limitation, rising inflation, construction delays, increased construction costs, disruption in hotel operations and the risks associated with our management and franchise agreements); 
 risks associated with the availability and terms of financing and the use of debt to fund acquisitions and renovations or refinance existing indebtedness, including the impact of higher interest rates on the cost and/or availability of financing; 
 risks associated with our level of indebtedness and our ability to satisfy our obligations under our debt agreements; 
 risks associated with the lodging industry overall, including, without limitation, decreases in the frequency of travel and increases in operating costs; 
 risks and uncertainties associated with our obligations under our management agreements; 
 risks associated with natural disasters and other unforeseen catastrophic events, including the emergence of a pandemic or other widespread health emergency; 
 the adverse impact of COVID-19 or any future pandemic, epidemic or outbreak of any other highly infectious disease on the U.S., regional and global economies, travel, the hospitality industry, and on our financial condition and results of operations and our hotels; 
 costs of compliance with government regulations, including, without limitation, the Americans with Disabilities Act; 
 potential liability for uninsured losses and environmental contamination; 
 risks associated with security breaches through cyber-attacks or otherwise, as well as other significant disruptions of our and our hotel managers information technologies and systems, which support our operations and those of our hotel managers; 
 risks associated with our potential failure to maintain our qualification as a real estate investment trust REIT under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code 
 possible adverse changes in tax and environmental laws; and 
 risks associated with our dependence on key personnel whose continued service is not guaranteed. 
 
 The risks and uncertainties set forth above are not exhaustive. Other sections of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including Item 1A Risk Factors and Item 7 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, discuss these and other risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from such forward-looking statements. 
 
 Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 
 
 References in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to we, our, us and the Company refer to DiamondRock Hospitality Company, including as the context requires, DiamondRock Hospitality Limited Partnership, as well as our other direct and indirect subsidiaries. 
 
 -4- 

Tabl e of Contents 

SUMMARY OF RISK FACTORS 
 
 The risk factors detailed in Item 1A entitled Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, are the risks that we believe are material to our investors and a reader should carefully consider them. Those risks are not all of the risks we face and other factors not presently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial may also affect our business if they occur. The following is a summary of the risk factors detailed in Item 1A: 
 
 Our hotels are subject to significant competition and our business model, especially our concentration in premium full-service hotels, can be highly volatile, which may make it difficult to execute our long-term business strategy. 
 Unfavorable market and economic conditions in the U.S. and in the specific markets where our hotels are located and other factors beyond our control, including effects on macroeconomic indicators such as U.S. gross domestic product GDP growth, employment, personal discretionary spending levels, corporate earnings and investment, foreign exchange rates and travel demand, may adversely affect the lodging industry. 
 We may be unable to comply with financial covenants, obtain waivers, or renegotiate such covenants under our senior unsecured credit facility and unsecured term loans, which could result in a default and potential acceleration of our indebtedness and impact our ability to make additional borrowings. 
 The increase in the use of third-party internet travel intermediaries and the increase in alternative lodging channels, such as Airbnb, could adversely affect our profitability. 
 The decrease in business-related travel, both generally and as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, could adversely affect our profitability. 
 Due to restrictions in our hotel management agreements, franchise agreements, mortgage agreements and ground leases, we may not be able to sell our hotels at the highest possible price, or at all. 
 We may be subject to unknown or contingent liabilities related to hotels we currently own, as well as hotels that we have sold or may acquire in the future, for, among other things, uninsured losses and environmental contamination. 
 We are susceptible to delays in completing ongoing or future renovations and capital improvements due to potential lack of funding for such expenditures, disruptions in the supply of materials or products and the inability of contractors to perform on a timely basis, or at all. 
 Several of our hotels are operated under franchise agreements and we are subject to the risks associated with the franchise brand and the costs associated with maintaining the franchise license, as well as risks associated with concentrating the majority of our portfolio under the Marriott and Hilton brands. 
 Our results of operations are highly dependent on the management of our hotel properties by third-party hotel management companies. 
 COVID-19 has caused, and COVID-19 or any future pandemic, epidemic or outbreak of any other highly infectious disease could continue to cause, severe disruption in the U.S., regional and global economies, travel and the hospitality industry and could materially and adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 High interest rates and/or the unavailability of certain types of financing could make it difficult for us to finance or refinance properties and adversely impact the amounts, sources and costs of capital available to us in the future. 
 The terms of the agreements governing our outstanding indebtedness may limit our financial and operating activities and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders and may also adversely affect our ability to incur additional debt to fund future needs. 
 Failure to maintain our qualification as a REIT would have significant adverse consequences to the value of our common stock. 
 Natural disasters caused by climate change or otherwise, terrorist attacks, active shooter attacks, significant military actions, outbreaks of contagious diseases, pandemics, or other widespread health emergencies may adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. 
 We depend on senior executive officers whose continued service is not guaranteed, and changes in our senior executive officers may adversely affect the operation of our business. 
 We and our hotel managers rely on information technology in our operations and any material failures, inadequacies, interruptions, security failures, social engineering attacks or cyber-attacks of our or our hotel managers information technologies and systems could harm our business. 
 Even if we maintain our status as a REIT, in certain circumstances, we may be subject to federal and state income taxes, which would reduce our cash available for distribution to our stockholders. 
 We may be subject to litigation, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow and trading price of our common stock and our 8.250 Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock Series A Preferred Stock ). 
 We must comply with applicable governmental regulations, including, without limitation, the Americans with Disabilities Act, which could be costly. 
 -5- 

Tabl e of Contents 

 The ability of our stockholders to control our policies and effect a change of control of our company is limited by certain provisions of our charter, our bylaws and by Maryland law. 
 We may be unable to generate sufficient cash flows from our operations to make distributions to our stockholders at expected levels, and we cannot assure you of our ability to make distributions in the future. 
 
 This section contains forward-looking statements. You should refer to the explanation of the qualifications and limitations on forward-looking statements beginning on page 4. 

PART I 

Item 1. Business 
 
 Overview 
 
 DiamondRock Hospitality Company is a lodging-focused Maryland corporation operating as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes. As of December 31, 2022, we owned a portfolio of 35 premium hotels and resorts that contain 9,607 guest rooms located in 24 different markets in the United States. The markets that we target are those that we believe align with our strategic objectives, which include investing in assets in destination markets with constrained supply trends, geographic diversity relative to our existing portfolio, and those markets that are considered to have high growth potential. 
 
 As an owner, rather than an operator, of lodging properties, we receive all of the operating profits or losses generated by our hotels after the payment of fees due to hotel managers and hotel brands, which are calculated based on the revenues and profitability of each hotel. 
 
 Our strategy is to apply aggressive asset management, prudent financial strategy, and disciplined capital allocation to high quality lodging properties in North American urban and resort markets with superior growth prospects and high barriers-to-entry. Our goal is to deliver long-term stockholder returns that exceed those generated by our peers through a combination of dividends and enduring capital appreciation. 
 
 Our primary business is to acquire, own, renovate and asset manage premium hotel properties in the United States. Our portfolio is concentrated in major urban market cities and destination resort locations. All of our hotels are managed by a third party either an independent operator or a brand operator, such as Marriott International, Inc. Marriott ). 
 
 We critically evaluate each of our hotels to ensure that we own a portfolio of hotels that conforms to our vision, supports our mission and corresponds with our strategy. On a regular basis, we analyze our portfolio to identify opportunities to invest capital in certain projects or market non-core assets for sale in order to increase our portfolio quality. We are committed to a conservative capital structure with prudent leverage. We regularly assess the availability and affordability of capital in order to maximize stockholder value and minimize enterprise risk. In addition, we are committed to following sound corporate governance practices and to being open and transparent in our communications with our stockholders. 
 
 Our Company 
 
 We commenced operations in July 2004 and became a public reporting company in May 2005. Our common stock and Series A Preferred Stock are traded on the New York Stock Exchange (the NYSE under the symbols DRH and DRH Pr A , respectively. We have historically been successful in acquiring, financing and managing our hotels. 
 
 Our Business Strategy 
 
 Our strategy is to apply aggressive asset management, conservative leverage, and disciplined capital allocation to high quality lodging properties in North American urban and resort markets with superior growth prospects and high barriers-to-entry. 
 
 We plan to strategically allocate capital in order to create value depending on our cost of capital. If our cost of capital is attractive, we expect to: 
 
 pursue strategic acquisitions in line with our target asset type; 
 
 consider opportunistically raising equity; and 
 -6- 

Tabl e of Contents 

evaluate opportunities to dispose of non-core hotels. 
 
 If we believe our cost of capital is elevated, we expect to create value over the long term to stockholders by deploying investment capacity into share repurchases. 
 
 We prefer a relatively efficient capital structure. We structure our hotel investments to be straightforward and to fit within our conservative capital structure; however, we will consider a more complex transaction (e.g. the issuance of operating partnership units to limited partners or entry into a joint venture) if we believe that the projected returns to our stockholders will significantly exceed the returns that would otherwise be available. 
 
 High-Quality Urban and Destination Resort Hotels 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we owned 35 premium hotels and resorts throughout the United States. Our hotels and resorts are primarily categorized as luxury and upper upscale as defined by STR, Inc. and are generally located in high barrier-to-entry markets with multiple demand generators. Our portfolio is composed primarily of hotels and resorts located in popular leisure destinations and major urban markets. We consider lodging properties located in major urban markets and resort destinations to be the most capable of generating dynamic cash flow growth and achieving superior long-term capital appreciation. 
 
 We have enhanced our hotel portfolio over the past several years by recycling capital from non-core hotels, located in slower growth markets, to higher quality hotels located primarily in urban and destination resort markets. We have repositioned our portfolio through the acquisition of urban and resort hotels that align with our strategic goals while disposing of non-core hotels. Our exposure to resorts and urban lifestyle hotels continued to increase in 2022 with acquisitions in locations such as Marathon, Florida, Fort Lauderdale, Florida and Austin, Texas. Over 98 of revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 is derived from core urban and resort destination hotels. Our capital recycling program has also achieved several other important strategic portfolio goals that include improving our portfolio s geographic, climate, operator and brand diversity. 
 
 We are highly sensitive to our cost of capital and may pursue acquisitions that create value in the near term. We will continue to evaluate our portfolio for opportunities to upgrade our portfolio by considering strategic acquisitions and opportunistic non-core hotel dispositions. 
 
 Our acquisition strategy focuses primarily on hotels that we believe present unique value-add opportunities. In addition, we have repositioned certain of our hotels through a change in brand, comprehensive renovation and/or change in third-party hotel manager to a more efficient operator. This focus has helped us achieve the strategic goals of improving our portfolio's brand and management diversity. 
 
 We evaluate each hotel in our portfolio to assess the optimal brand and management strategy for the individual hotel and market. We leverage the leading global hotel brands at many of our hotels, which are flagged under a brand owned by Marriott, Hilton Worldwide Holdings, Inc. Hilton or IHG Hotels Resorts IHG ). We also maintain a portion of our hotels as independent lifestyle hotels. We believe that premier global hotel brands create significant value for certain hotels as a result of each brand's ability to produce incremental revenue through their strong reservation and rewards systems and sales organizations. We are also interested in owning independent or non-branded hotels located in premier or unique markets where we believe that the returns on such a hotel may be higher than if the hotel were operated under a globally-recognized brand. 
 
 Innovative Asset Management 
 
 We believe that we can create significant value in our portfolio through innovative asset management strategies such as rebranding, renovating and repositioning our hotels. We completed rebrandings at four of our hotels in 2021 and 2022 and are currently completing rebrandings and renovations at two additional hotels. We regularly evaluate our portfolio to determine if there are additional opportunities to employ these value-add strategies. 
 
 Our asset management team is focused on improving hotel profit margins through revenue management strategies and cost control programs. Our asset management team also focuses on identifying new and potential value creation opportunities across our portfolio, including implementing resort or amenity fees, creating incremental guest rooms, leasing out restaurants to more profitable third-party operators, converting underutilized space to revenue-generating meeting space, marketing underutilized midweek bookings and implementing programs to reduce energy consumption and increase labor efficiency. 
 
 Our senior management team has established a broad network of hotel industry contacts and relationships, including relationships with hotel owners, financiers, operators, project managers and contractors and other key industry participants. We 
 -7- 

Tabl e of Contents 

 use our broad network of hotel industry contacts and relationships to maximize the value of our hotels. We strive to negotiate management agreements that give us the right to exert influence over the management of our properties, annual budgets and all capital expenditures (all, to the extent permitted under the REIT rules), and then to use those rights to continually monitor and improve the performance of our properties. We cooperatively partner with our hotel managers in an attempt to increase operating results and long-term asset values at our hotels. In addition to working directly with the personnel at our hotels, our senior management team also has long-standing professional relationships with our hotel managers' senior executives, and we work directly with these senior executives to improve the performance of our hotels. 
 
 Conservative Capital Structure 
 
 We believe that a conservative capital structure maximizes investment capacity while reducing enterprise risk. We currently employ a conservative debt profile with prudent leverage. We maintain balance sheet flexibility with our existing corporate cash, limited near-term debt maturities , capacity under our senior unsecured credit facility and 31 of our 35 hotels unencumbered by mortgage debt as of December 31, 2022. We believe it is prudent to reduce the inherent risk of highly cyclical lodging fundamentals through a low leverage capital structure. Over time, we intend to finance our long-term growth with issuances of common and preferred equity securities and debt financings having staggered maturities. We may also consider entering into joint ventures or alliances with one or more third parties to pursue attractive investment opportunities. 
 
 We believe that our strategically designed capital structure is a value creation tool that can be used over the entire lodging cycle. Specifically, we believe that lower leverage benefits us in the following ways: 
 
 provides capacity to fund attractive acquisitions; 
 
 enhances our ability to maintain a sustainable dividend; 
 
 enables us to opportunistically repurchase shares during periods of stock price dislocation; and 
 
 provides capacity to fund late-cycle capital needs. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, our outstanding debt consists of a combination of unsecured term loans and fixed-rate property-specific mortgage debt. We prefer that a significant portion of our portfolio remain unencumbered by debt in order to provide maximum balance sheet flexibility. We expect that our strategy will enable us to maintain a balance sheet with an appropriate amount of debt throughout all phases of the lodging cycle. 
 
 Corporate Responsibility 
 
 Created in 2014, our Corporate Responsibility program incorporates governance, environmental, and social initiatives in our overall business strategy, investment decisions and asset management strategies. Our Corporate Responsibility program is guided by executive and board-level oversight, with the board s Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee assigned to oversee the policies, strategy, and implementation of the program. In 2022, as a result of our commitment to sustainability, we were ranked first in sustainability performance as the America s Regional Sector Leader for Hotels by the GRESB Real Estate Assessment. 
 
 We are committed to transparent reporting of our environmental, social, and governance ESG initiatives. In December 2022, we published our most recent annual Corporate Responsibility Report, which includes ESG policies, environmental and social programs, historic results and performance targets. The annual Corporate Responsibility Report is prepared in accordance with relevant international standards and best practices, including the Sustainable Accounting Standards Board SASB (now The Value Reporting Foundation) for the Real Estate Sector. 
 
 Accounting metrics and disclosures for the real estate industry are provided by the SASB, which publishes the Real Estate Sustainability Accounting Standard. This standard advises that total energy consumed Total Energy Consumption and total water withdrawn Total Water Consumption are the metrics that best correspond with the real estate industry. The water and energy data we use is first gathered from utility statements and then reviewed, aggregated, and analyzed by third-parties. 
 
 Beginning in 2021, we engaged an independent third party to verify our energy and water consumption data. The following charts display our Total Energy Consumption and Total Water Consumption for 2020 and 2021, the last fiscal year for which data is available. These metrics relate to our hotels owned for the entire year presented. In 2020, total consumption of both energy and water was significantly reduced due to the historically low occupancy levels at our hotels as a result of COVID-19 pandemic. 
 -8- 

Tabl e of Contents 

We display key metrics, documents, programs and policies through the Global Reporting Initiative GRI Index, and in accordance with the GRI framework. We also display disclosures in accordance with the framework established by the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures. 
 
 Annually, we submit a response to the GRESB survey (the GRESB Report ), which benchmarks our approach and performance on ESG indicators against other real estate companies. The GRESB Report is accessible on our website. The information included in, referenced to, or otherwise accessible through the GRESB Report, is not incorporated by reference in, or considered to be a part of, this report or any document unless expressly incorporated by reference therein. 
 
 For more information on our Corporate Responsibility program, as well as our enterprise-wide policies, please see our current Corporate Responsibility Report available at https://investor.drhc.com/sustainability-report. The information included in, referenced to, or otherwise accessible through our website, is not incorporated by reference in, or considered to be part of, this report or any document unless expressly incorporated by reference therein. 
 
 Our Corporate Structure 
 
 We conduct our business through a traditional umbrella partnership REIT, or UPREIT, in which our hotels are owned by subsidiaries of our operating partnership, DiamondRock Hospitality Limited Partnership. We are the sole general partner of our operating partnership and own either directly or indirectly 99.7 of the limited partnership units common OP units of our operating partnership. The remaining 0.3 of the common OP units are held by third parties and executive officers of the Company. A portion of our common OP units were issued in connection with our acquisition of Cavallo Point, The Lodge at the Golden Gate Cavallo Point in December 2018. Each common OP unit currently owned by holders other than us is redeemable, at the option of the holder, for an amount of cash equal to the market value of one share of our common stock or, at our election, one share of our common stock, in each case subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of stock splits, mergers, consolidations or similar pro-rata share transactions. As of December 31, 2022, limited partners held 719,542 common OP units. In the future, we may issue additional common OP units from time to time in connection with acquiring hotel properties, financing, compensation, or other reasons. 
 
 In order for the income from our hotel investments to constitute rents from real property for purposes of the gross income tests required for REIT qualification, we must lease each of our hotels to a wholly-owned subsidiary of our taxable REIT subsidiary, or TRS (each, a TRS lessee), or to an unrelated third party. In turn, our TRS lessees must engage a third-party management company to manage the hotels. As of December 31, 2022, we leased all of our hotels to TRS lessees, except for one hotel that is directly owned by a TRS. 
 
 The following chart shows our corporate structure as of the date of this report: 
 
 -9- 

Tabl e of Contents 

Competition 
 
 The hotel industry is highly competitive and our hotels are subject to competition from other hotels for guests. Competition is based on a number of factors, including convenience of location, reputation, brand affiliation, price, range of services, guest amenities, and quality of customer service. Competition is specific to the individual markets in which our properties are located and will include competition from existing and new hotels operated under brands in the full-service, select-service and extended-stay segments. We believe that properties flagged with a Marriott, Hilton or IHG brand will enjoy the competitive advantages associated with their operations under such brand. These global brands' reservation systems and national advertising, marketing and promotional services combined with strong management by third-party operators enable our properties to perform favorably in terms of both occupancy and room rates relative to other brands and non-branded hotels. The guest loyalty programs operated by these global brands generate repeat guest business that might otherwise go to competing hotels. Increased competition may have a material adverse effect on occupancy, Average Daily Rate (or ADR) and Revenue per Available Room (or RevPAR), or may require us to make capital improvements that we otherwise would not undertake, which may result in decreases in the profitability of our hotels. 
 
 In addition to competing with traditional hotels and lodging facilities, we compete with alternative lodging, including third-party providers of short-term rental properties and serviced apartments. We compete based on a number of factors, including room rates, quality of accommodations, service levels, convenience of location, reputation, reservation systems, brand recognition and supply and availability of alternative lodging. 
 
 We face competition for the acquisition of hotels from institutional pension funds, private equity funds, REITs, hotel companies and others who are engaged in hotel acquisitions and investments. Some of these competitors have substantially greater financial and operational resources than we have and may have greater knowledge of the markets in which we seek to invest. This competition may reduce the number of suitable investment opportunities offered to us and increase the cost of acquiring our targeted hotel investments. 
 
 Seasonality 
 -10- 

Tabl e of Contents 

The periods during which our hotels experience higher revenues vary from property to property, depending principally upon location and the customer base served. Accordingly, we expect some seasonality in our business. Volatility in our financial performance from the seasonality of the lodging industry could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Governmental Regulations 
 
 Compliance with various governmental regulations has an impact on our business, including our capital expenditures, earnings and competitive position, which can be material. We incur costs to monitor and take actions to comply with governmental regulations that are applicable to our business, which include, among others, federal securities laws and regulations, applicable stock exchange requirements, REIT and other tax laws and regulations, environmental and health and safety laws and regulations, local zoning, usage and other regulations relating to real property and the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990. 
 
 See Item 1A Risk Factors for a discussion of material risks to us, including, to the extent material, to our competitive position, relating to governmental regulations, and see Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations together with our consolidated financial statements, including the related notes included therein, for a discussion of material information relevant to an assessment of our financial condition and results of operations, including, to the extent material, the effects that compliance with governmental regulations may have upon our capital expenditures and earnings. 
 
 Employees and Human Capital 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we employed 30 full-time employees. We believe that our relations with our employees are good. None of our employees is a member of any union. During 2022, all employees involved in the day-to-day operation of our hotels were employed by third-party management companies engaged pursuant to hotel management agreements. The employees of our hotel managers at the Courtyard New York Manhattan/Fifth Avenue, Courtyard New York Manhattan/Midtown East, Hilton Garden Inn New York/Times Square Central, Westin Boston Seaport District and Hilton Boston Downtown/Faneuil Hall are currently represented by labor unions and are subject to collective bargaining agreements. 
 
 We believe prioritizing employee well-being is a key element for attracting and retaining the best and most talented associates. Our key human capital management objectives are to attract, recruit, hire, develop and promote a deep and diverse bench of talent that translates into a strong and successful workforce. To support these objectives, our human resources programs are designed to develop talent to prepare them for the critical roles and leadership positions for the future; reward and support employees through competitive pay and benefit programs; enhance our culture through efforts to foster, promote, and preserve a culture of diversity and inclusion; and evolve and invest in technology, tools, and resources to enable employees at work. 
 
 Insurance 
 
 We carry comprehensive liability, fire, extended coverage, windstorm, business interruption and rental loss insurance covering all of the properties in our portfolio. In addition, we carry earthquake and terrorism insurance on our properties in an amount and with deductibles which we believe are commercially reasonable. We do not carry insurance for generally uninsured losses such as loss from riots, war or acts of God. Certain of the properties in our portfolio are located in areas known to be seismically active or subject to hurricanes and we believe that we have appropriate insurance for those risks, although they are subject to higher deductibles than ordinary property insurance. 
 
 Most of our hotel management agreements and mortgage agreements require that we obtain and maintain property insurance, business interruption insurance, flood insurance, earthquake insurance (if the hotel is located in an earthquake prone zone as determined by the U.S. Geological Survey) and other customary types of insurance related to hotels. We comply with all such requirements. In addition, either we or the hotel manager are responsible for obtaining general liability insurance, workers' compensation and employer's liability insurance. 
 
 Available Information 
 
 We maintain a website at the following address: www.drhc.com. We make our proxy statements, annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, including exhibits, and amendments to those reports, filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), 
 -11- 

Tabl e of Contents 

 available on our website free of charge as soon as reasonably practicable after such reports and amendments are electronically filed with, or furnished to, the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). Such reports are also available by accessing the EDGAR database on the SEC's website at www.sec.gov. 
 
 Our website is also a key source of important information about us. We post to the Investor Relations section of our website important information about our business, our operating results and our financial condition and prospects, including, for example, information about material acquisitions and dispositions, our earnings releases and certain supplemental financial information related or complimentary thereto. The website also has a Corporate Governance page that includes, among other things, copies of our charter, our bylaws, our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and the charters for each standing committee of our Board of Directors: currently, the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. We intend to disclose on our website any amendment to, or waiver of, any provisions of our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that apply to any of our directors, executive officers or senior financial officers that would otherwise be required to be disclosed under the rules of the SEC or the NYSE. Copies of our charter, our bylaws, our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and our SEC reports are also available in print to stockholders upon request addressed to Investor Relations, DiamondRock Hospitality Company, 2 Bethesda Metro Center, Suite 1400, Bethesda, Maryland 20814 or through the Information Request section on the Investor Relations page of our website. 
 
 The information included in, referenced to, or otherwise accessible through our website, is not incorporated by reference in, or considered to be a part of, this report or any document unless expressly incorporated by reference therein. 
 
 DiamondRock Hospitality Company is traded on the NYSE under the symbols DRH and DRH Pr A. 
 
 Supplemental Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations 
 
 The following discussion supplements and updates the disclosure under Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations in the prospectus dated August 6, 2021 contained in our Registration Statement on Form S-3 filed with the SEC on August 6, 2021 (such disclosure, the Base Disclosure ). Capitalized terms used in this section that are not otherwise defined shall have the same meaning as when used in the Base Disclosure. 
 
 On December 29, 2022, the IRS promulgated final Treasury Regulations under Sections 897, 1441, 1445, and 1446 of the Code that were, in part, intended to coordinate various withholding regimes for non-U.S. stockholders. The new Treasury Regulations provide that: 
 
 i. The withholding rules applicable to ordinary REIT dividends paid to a non-U.S. stockholder (generally, a 30 rate of withholding on gross amounts unless otherwise reduced by treaty or effectively connected with such non-U.S. stockholder s trade or business within the United States and proper certifications are provided) apply to (a) that portion of any distribution paid by us that is not designated as a capital gain dividend, a return of basis or a distribution in excess of the non-U.S. stockholder s adjusted basis in its stock that is treated as gain from the disposition of such stock and (b) any portion of a capital gain dividend paid by us that is not treated as gain attributable to the sale or exchange of a United States real property interest by reason of the recipient not owning more than 10 of a class of our stock that is regularly traded on an established securities market during the one-year period ending on the date of the capital gain dividend. 
 
 ii. The withholding rules under FIRPTA apply to a distribution paid by us in excess of a non-U.S. stockholder s adjusted basis in our stock, unless the interest in our stock is not a United States real property interest (for example, because we are a domestically controlled qualified investment entity) or the distribution is paid to a withholding qualified holder. A withholding qualified holder means a qualified holder (as defined below) and a foreign partnership all of the interests of which are held by qualified holders, including through one or more partnerships. 
 
 iii. The withholding rules under FIRPTA apply to any portion of a capital gain dividend paid to a non-U.S. stockholder that is attributable to the sale or exchange of a United States real property interest, unless it is paid to a withholding qualified holder. 
 
 In the case of FIRPTA Withholding under clause (ii) above, the applicable withholding rate is currently 15 , and in the case of FIRPTA Withholding under clause (iii) above, the withholding rate is currently 21 . For purposes of FIRPTA Withholding under clause (iii), whether a capital gain dividend is attributable to the sale or exchange of a United States real property interest is determined taking into account the general exception from FIRPTA distribution treatment for distributions paid to certain non-U.S. stockholders under which any distribution paid by us to a non-U.S. stockholder with respect to any class of stock which is regularly traded on an established securities market located in the United States is not treated as gain 
 -12- 

Tabl e of Contents 

 recognized from the sale or exchange of a United States real property interest if such non-U.S. stockholder did not own more than 10 of such class of stock at any time during the one-year period ending on the date of such distribution. To the extent inconsistent, these Treasury Regulations supersede the discussion on withholding contained in the Base Disclosure under the heading Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations Taxation of Non-U.S. Stockholders Holding Capital Stock. However, if, notwithstanding these Treasury Regulations, we encounter difficulties in properly characterizing a distribution for purposes of the withholding rules, we may decide to withhold on such distribution at the highest possible U.S. federal withholding rate that we determine could apply. 
 
 Additionally, the first sentence of the seventh paragraph under the heading Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations Taxation of Non-U.S. Stockholders Holding Capital Stock Distributions is hereby deleted and replaced with the following: 
 
 Distributions to a non-U.S. stockholder that we designate as capital gain dividends but that are not attributable to gain from our sale or exchange of United States real property interests (and thus not subject to FIRPTA Withholding) will be subject to U.S. federal income taxation if (i) the capital gain dividend is effectively connected with the non-U.S. stockholder s United States trade or business, in which case the non-U.S. stockholder will be subject to the same treatment as U.S. stockholders with respect to such gain and may be subject to the 30 branch profits tax in the case of a non-U.S. stockholder that is a non-U.S. corporation, or (ii) the non-U.S. stockholder is a nonresident alien individual who was present in the United States for 183 days or more during the taxable year and meets certain other criteria, in which case the non-U.S. stockholder will incur a 30 tax on the individual s capital gains derived from sources within the United States for the taxable year. 
 
 The new Treasury Regulations also provide new guidance regarding qualified foreign pension funds. Accordingly, the second paragraph under the heading Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations Taxation of Non-U.S. Stockholders Holding Capital Stock Special FIRPTA Rules is hereby deleted and replaced with the following: 
 
 Generally, for purposes of FIRPTA, and subject to the discussion below regarding qualified holders, neither a qualified foreign pension fund (as defined below) nor any entity all of the interests of which are held by a qualified foreign pension fund is treated as a foreign person, thereby exempting such entities from tax under FIRPTA. A qualified foreign pension fund is an organization or arrangement (i) created or organized in a foreign country, (ii) established by a foreign country (or one or more political subdivisions thereof) or one or more employers to provide retirement or pension benefits to current or former employees (including self-employed individuals) or their designees as a result of, or, in consideration for, services rendered, (iii) which does not have a single participant or beneficiary that has a right to more than 5 of its assets or income, (iv) which is subject to government regulation and with respect to which annual information about its beneficiaries is provided, or is otherwise available, to relevant local tax authorities, and (v) with respect to which, under its local laws, (A) contributions that would otherwise be subject to tax are deductible or excluded from its gross income or taxed at a reduced rate, or (B) taxation of its investment income is deferred, or such income is excluded from its gross income or taxed at a reduced rate. Under Treasury Regulations, subject to the discussion below regarding qualified holders, a qualified controlled entity also is not generally treated as a foreign person for purposes of FIRPTA. A qualified controlled entity generally includes a trust or corporation organized under the laws of a foreign country all of the interests of which are held by one or more qualified foreign pension funds either directly or indirectly through one or more qualified controlled entities. 
 
 Treasury Regulations further require that a qualified foreign pension fund or qualified controlled entity will not be exempt from FIRPTA with respect to dispositions of United States real property interests or REIT distributions attributable to the same unless the qualified foreign pension fund or qualified controlled entity is a qualified holder. To be a qualified holder, a qualified foreign pension fund or qualified controlled entity must satisfy one of two alternative tests at the time of the disposition of the United States real property interest or the REIT distribution. Under the first test, a qualified foreign pension fund or qualified controlled entity is a qualified holder if it owned no United States real property interests as of the earliest date during an uninterrupted period ending on the date of the disposition or distribution during which it qualified as a qualified foreign pension fund or qualified controlled entity. Alternatively, if a qualified foreign pension fund or qualified controlled entity held United States real property interests as of the earliest date during the period described in the preceding sentence, it can be a qualified holder only if it satisfies certain testing period requirements. 
 
 Treasury Regulations also provide that a foreign partnership all of the interests of which are held by qualified holders, including through one or more partnerships, may certify its status as such and will not be treated as a foreign person for purposes of withholding under Section 1445 of the Code (and Section 1446 of the Code, as applicable). 
 
 -13- 

Tabl e of Contents 

 Distributions that are attributable to gain from the sales of United States real property interests received by a qualified foreign pension fund or a qualified controlled entity that satisfies the requirements to be a qualified holder will not be subject to U.S. federal income or withholding tax. All other distributions received by a qualified foreign pension fund or a qualified controlled entity will be taxed as described above under Taxation of Non-U.S. Stockholders Holding Capital Stock Distributions. Gain of a qualified holder from the sale or exchange of our stock and distributions treated as gain from the sale or exchange of our stock under the rules described above under Taxation of Non-U.S. Stockholders Holding Capital Stock Distributions, will not be subject to U.S. federal income or withholding tax, unless such gain is treated as effectively connected with the qualified foreign pension fund s (or the qualified controlled entity s, as applicable) conduct of a U.S. trade or business, in which case, the qualified foreign pension fund (or qualified controlled entity) generally will be subject to a tax at the same graduated rates applicable to U.S. stockholders, unless an applicable income tax treaty provides otherwise, and may be subject to the 30 branch profits tax on its effectively connected earnings and profits, subject to adjustments, in the case of a foreign corporation. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 Set forth below are the risks that we believe are material to our investors and should be carefully considered. Those risks are not all of the risks we face and other factors not presently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial may also affect our business if they occur. This section contains forward-looking statements. You should refer to the explanation of the qualifications and limitations on forward-looking statements beginning on page 4. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Business and Operations 
 
 Our business model, especially our concentration in premium full-service hotels, can be highly volatile. 
 
 We solely own hotels, a very different asset class from many other REITs. A typical healthcare REIT, for example, has long-term leases with third-party tenants, which provide a relatively stable long-term stream of revenue. Our TRS lessees, on the other hand, do not enter into leases with hotel managers. Instead, the TRS lessee engages the hotel manager pursuant to a management agreement and pays the manager a fee for managing the hotel. The TRS lessee receives all of the operating profit or losses at the hotel. Moreover, virtually all hotel guests stay at the hotel for only a few nights, so the rate and occupancy at each of our hotels changes every day. As a result, our earnings may be highly volatile. 
 
 In addition to fluctuations related to our business model, our hotels are, and will continue to be, subject to various long-term operating risks common to the hotel industry, many of which are beyond our control, including: 
 
 dependence on business and commercial travelers and tourism, both of which vary with consumer and business confidence in the strength of the economy; 
 
 decreases in the frequency of business travel that may result from alternatives to in-person meetings, particularly in light of the continuing impact of COVID-19; 
 
 competition from other hotels and alternative lodging channels located in the markets in which we own properties; 
 
 competition from third-party internet travel intermediaries; 
 
 an over-supply or over-building of hotels in the markets in which we own properties, which could adversely affect occupancy rates, revenues and profits at our hotels; 
 
 increases in energy and transportation costs and other expenses affecting travel, which may affect travel patterns and reduce the number of business and commercial travelers and tourists; 
 
 increases in operating costs due to inflation and other factors that may not be offset by increased room rates; and 
 
 changes in governmental laws and regulations, fiscal policies and zoning ordinances and the related costs of compliance. 
 
 In addition, our hotels are mostly in the premium full-service segment of the hotel business, which, historically, tends to have the strongest operating results in a growing economy and the weakest results in a contracting or slow growth economy when many travelers might curtail travel or choose lower cost hotels. In periods of weak demand, profitability is negatively affected by the relatively high fixed costs of operating premium full-service hotels as compared to other classes of hotels. 
 -14- 

Tabl e of Contents 

The occurrence of any of the foregoing factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. 
 
 Economic conditions and other factors beyond our control may adversely affect the lodging industry. 
 
 Our entire business is related to the lodging industry. The performance of the lodging industry is highly cyclical and has historically been linked to key macroeconomic indicators, such as U.S. GDP growth, employment, personal discretionary spending levels, corporate earnings and investment, foreign exchange rates and travel demand. Given that our hotels are concentrated in major urban market cities and destination resort locations in the U.S., our business may be particularly sensitive to changes in foreign exchange rates or a negative international perception of the U.S. arising from its political or other positions. Furthermore, other macroeconomic factors, such as consumer confidence and conditions which negatively shape public perception of travel, including travel-related disruptions or incidents and their impact on travel may have a negative effect on the lodging industry and may adversely impact our revenues and profitability. 
 
 Our hotels are subject to significant competition. 
 
 Currently, the markets where our hotels are located are very competitive. However, a material increase in the supply of new hotel rooms to a market can quickly destabilize that market and existing hotels can experience rapidly decreasing RevPAR and profitability. If such over-building occurs in one or more of our major markets, our business, financial condition, results of operations and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders may be materially adversely affected. 
 
 Our hotels are subject to seasonal volatility, which is expected to contribute to fluctuations in our financial condition and results of operations. 
 The periods during which our hotels experience higher revenues vary from property to property, depending principally upon location and the customer base served. This seasonality can be expected to cause periodic fluctuations in a hotel s room revenues, occupancy levels, room rates and operating expenses. We can provide no assurances that our cash flows will be sufficient to offset any shortfalls that occur as a result of these fluctuations. Volatility in our financial performance resulting from the seasonality of our hotels could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. 
 
 The increase in the use of third-party internet travel intermediaries and the increase in alternative lodging channels, such as Airbnb, could adversely affect our profitability. 
 
 Many of our managers and franchisors contract with third-party internet travel intermediaries, including, but not limited to Expedia.com and Priceline.com and their subsidiaries. These internet intermediaries are generally paid commissions and transaction fees by our managers and franchisors for sales of our rooms through such agencies. These intermediaries initially focused on leisure travel, but have grown to focus on corporate travel and group meetings as well. If bookings through these intermediaries increase, these internet intermediaries may be able to negotiate higher commissions, reduced room rates or other contract concessions from us, our managers or our franchisors. In addition, internet intermediaries use extensive marketing, which could result in hotel consumers developing brand loyalties to the offered brands and such internet intermediary instead of our management or franchise brands. Further, internet intermediaries emphasize pricing and quality indicators, such as a star rating system, at the expense of brand identification. In response to these intermediaries, the brand operators and franchisors have launched initiatives to offer discounted rates for booking on their sites, which could put downward pressure on rates and revenue. In addition, an increasing number of companies have entered various aspects of the online travel market. Google, for example, has established a hotel meta-search business Hotel Ads ), as well as its Book on Google reservation functionality. An increase in hotel reservations made through Google or its competitors, such as Apple, Amazon or Facebook, may reduce the value of our franchise brands, which may negatively affect our average rates and revenues. 
 
 In addition to competing with traditional hotels and lodging facilities, we compete with alternative lodging, including third-party providers of short-term rental properties and serviced apartments, such as Airbnb, as well as alternative meeting and event space platforms, such as Convene. We compete based on a number of factors, including room rates, quality of accommodations, service levels, convenience of location, reputation, reservation systems, brand recognition and supply and availability of alternative lodging and event space. Increasing use of these alternative facilities could materially adversely affect the occupancy at our hotels and could put downward pressure on average rates and revenues. 
 
 -15- 

Tabl e of Contents 

 The rise of social media review platforms, including, but not limited to Tripadvisor.com, could impact our occupancy levels and operating results as people might be more inclined to write about their dissatisfaction rather than satisfaction with a hotel stay. 
 
 The increased use of business-related technology may materially and adversely affect the need for business-related travel, and, therefore, demand for rooms in some of our hotels. 
 
 The increased use of Zoom video conferencing, Microsoft Teams and other teleconferencing and video-conference technology by businesses could result in decreased business travel as companies increase the use of technologies that allow multiple parties from different locations to participate in virtual meetings without traveling to a centralized meeting location, such as our hotels. To the extent that such technologies, or new technologies, play an increased role in day-to-day business interactions and the necessity for business-related travel decreases, demand for hotel rooms may decrease and our hotels could be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 Investments in hotels are illiquid and we may not be able to respond in a timely fashion to adverse changes in the performance of our properties. 
 
 Because real estate investments are relatively illiquid, our ability to promptly sell one or more hotel properties or investments in our portfolio in response to changing economic, financial and investment conditions may be limited. Moreover, the Code imposes restrictions on a REIT s ability to dispose of properties that are not applicable to other types of real estate companies. In particular, the tax laws applicable to REITs require that we hold our hotels for investment, rather than primarily for sale in the ordinary course of business, which may cause us to forego or defer sales of hotels that would otherwise be in our best interests. 
 
 In addition, the real estate market is affected by many factors that are beyond our control, including: 
 
 adverse changes in international, national, regional and local economic and market conditions; 
 
 changes in supply of competitive hotels; 
 
 changes in interest rates and in the availability, cost and terms of debt financing; 
 
 changes in tax laws and property tax rates, or an increase in the assessed valuation of a property for real estate tax purposes; 
 
 changes in governmental laws and regulations, fiscal policies and zoning ordinances and the related costs of compliance with laws and regulations, fiscal policies and ordinances; 
 
 fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates; 
 
 the ongoing need for capital improvements, particularly in older structures; 
 
 changes in operating expenses; and 
 
 pandemics and the outbreak of diseases, federal, state and local government shutdowns, airline strikes, civil unrest, active shooter attacks, acts of God, including earthquakes, floods, wildfires, hurricanes and other natural disasters and acts of war or terrorism, including the consequences of terrorist acts such as those that occurred on September 11, 2001, which may result in uninsured losses. 
 
 It may be in the best interest of our stockholders to sell one or more of our hotels in the future. We cannot predict whether we will be able to sell any hotel property or investment at an acceptable price or otherwise on reasonable terms and conditions. We also cannot predict the length of time that will be necessary to find a willing purchaser and to close the sale of a hotel property or loan. 
 
 These facts and any others that would impede our ability to respond to adverse changes in the performance of our hotel properties could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition, as well as our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. 
 
 -16- 

Tabl e of Contents 

 Due to restrictions in our hotel management agreements, franchise agreements, mortgage agreements and ground leases, we may not be able to sell our hotels at the highest possible price, or at all. 
 
 Certain of our current hotel management and franchise agreements are long-term. 
 
 All but four of our hotel management agreements are terminable at our option. The remaining four hotel management agreements have remaining terms ranging from approximately five years to 36 years, inclusive of renewal periods that are exercisable at the option of the property manager. We are subject to franchise agreements at certain of our properties, with remaining terms of up to 28 years, inclusive of renewal periods that are exercisable at the option of the franchisor. See Item 2, Properties, for hotel management and franchise agreement details. Because some of our hotels would have to be sold subject to the applicable agreement, the term length of an agreement may deter some potential purchasers and could adversely impact the price realized from any such sale. To the extent that we receive lower sale proceeds, our business, financial condition, results of operations and our ability to make distributions to stockholders could be materially adversely affected. 
 
 Our mortgage agreements contain certain provisions that may limit our ability to sell our hotels. 
 
 In order to assign or transfer our rights and obligations under certain of our mortgage agreements, we generally must obtain the consent of the lender, pay a fee equal to a fixed percentage of the outstanding loan balance, and pay any costs incurred by the lender in connection with any such assignment or transfer. These provisions of our mortgage agreements may limit our ability to sell our hotels which, in turn, could adversely impact the price realized from any such sale. To the extent that we receive lower sale proceeds, our business, financial condition, results of operations and our ability to make distributions to stockholders could be materially adversely affected. 
 
 Our ground leases contain certain provisions that may limit our ability to sell our hotels. 
 
 Our ground lease agreements with respect to the Embassy Suites by Hilton Bethesda, the Salt Lake City Marriott Downtown at City Creek, the Westin Boston Seaport District, the Hotel Palomar Phoenix, the Courtyard New York Manhattan/Fifth Avenue and Cavallo Point, as well as the ground lease underlying our annex sublease at the Orchards Inn Sedona, require the consent of the lessor for assignment or transfer. These provisions of our ground leases may limit our ability to sell our hotels which, in turn, could adversely impact the price realized from any such sale. In addition, at any given time, investors may be disinterested in buying properties subject to a ground lease and may pay a lower price for such properties than for a comparable property owned in fee simple or they may not purchase such properties at any price. Accordingly, we may find it difficult to sell a property subject to a ground lease or may receive lower proceeds from any such sale. To the extent that we receive lower sale proceeds or are unable to sell the hotel at an opportune time or at all, our business, financial condition, results of operations and our ability to make distributions to stockholders could be materially adversely affected. 
 
 Some of our hotels are subject to rights of first offer that may limit our ability to sell our hotels. 
 
 We are subject to a franchisor s or operator s right of first offer, in some instances under our franchise agreements or management agreements. Such provisions may limit our ability to sell our hotels which, in turn, could adversely impact the price realized from any such sale. To the extent that we receive lower sale proceeds, our business, financial condition, results of operations and our ability to make distributions to stockholders could be materially adversely affected. 
 
 We may be subject to unknown or contingent liabilities related to recently sold or acquired hotels, as well as hotels that we may sell or acquire in the future. 
 
 Our recently sold or acquired hotels, as well as hotels we may sell or acquire in the future, may be subject to unknown or contingent liabilities for which we may be liable to the buyers or for which we may have no recourse, or only limited recourse, against the sellers. In general, the representations and warranties provided under our transaction agreements related to the sale or purchase of a hotel may survive for a defined period of time after the completion of the transaction. 
 
 Furthermore, indemnification under such agreements may be limited and subject to various materiality thresholds, a significant deductible, or an aggregate cap on losses. As a result, there is no guaranty that we will not be obligated to reimburse buyers for their losses or that we will be able to recover any amounts with respect to losses due to breaches by sellers of their representations and warranties. 
 
 In addition, the total amount of costs and expenses that may be incurred with respect to the unknown or contingent liabilities may exceed our expectations, and we may experience other unanticipated adverse effects, all of which could materially and adversely affect our operating results and cash flows. 
 -17- 

Tabl e of Contents 

We are subject to risks associated with our ongoing need for renovations and capital improvements as well as financing for such expenditures. 
 
 In order to remain competitive, our hotels have an ongoing need for renovations and other capital improvements, including replacements, from time to time, of furniture, fixtures and equipment. These capital improvements may give rise to the following risks: 
 
 construction cost overruns and delays, including those caused by supply chain disruptions or inflationary price increases; 
 
 a possible shortage of available cash to fund capital improvements and the related possibility that financing for these capital improvements may not be available to us on affordable terms; 
 
 the renovation investment failing to produce the returns on investment that we expect; 
 
 disruptions in the operations of the hotel as well as in demand for the hotel while capital improvements are underway; and 
 
 disputes with franchisors/hotel managers regarding compliance with relevant franchise/management agreements. 
 
 The costs of these capital improvements or profit displacements during the completion of these capital improvements could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. 
 
 In addition, we may not be able to fund capital improvements or acquisitions solely from cash provided from our operating activities because we generally must distribute at least 90 of our REIT taxable income, determined without regard to the dividends paid deduction and excluding net capital gains, each year to maintain our REIT tax status. As a result, our ability to fund capital expenditures or investments through retained earnings is very limited. Consequently, we rely upon the availability of debt or equity capital to fund our investments and capital improvements. These sources of funds may not be available on reasonable terms or conditions. 
 
 COVID-19 has caused, and COVID-19 or any future pandemic, epidemic or outbreak of any other highly infectious disease could continue to cause, severe disruptions in the U.S., regional and global economies, travel and the hospitality industry and could materially and adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 COVID-19, including the emergence of additional variants, has caused, and COVID-19 or any future pandemic, epidemic or outbreak of any other highly infectious disease could continue to cause, widespread disruptions to the U.S. and global economy and has contributed to significant volatility and negative pressure in financial markets. 
 
 The full extent to which COVID-19, or any future pandemic, epidemic or outbreak of any other highly infectious disease, impacts our operations will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted with confidence, including the scope, severity and duration of such pandemic, the emergence and characteristics of new variants, the actions taken to contain the pandemic or mitigate its impact, including the adoption, administration and effectiveness of available COVID-19 vaccines, and the direct and indirect economic effects of the pandemic and containment measures, among others. COVID-19 has materially and adversely affected, and COVID-19 or any future pandemic, epidemic or outbreak of any other highly infectious disease may continue to materially and adversely affect, our business, financial condition and results of operations, and our ability to pay dividends, and may also have the effect of heightening many of the risks described below and within this Risk Factors section, including: 
 
 a complete or partial closure or re-closure of, or other operational issues at, one or more of our hotels resulting from government, third-party hotel manager or franchisor action, which has materially adversely affected, and could continue to materially adversely affect, our operations; 
 
 the postponement or cancellation of conferences, conventions, festivals, sporting events, public events and other group business that would have otherwise brought individuals to the cities in which our hotels are located, which has caused, and could continue to cause, a decrease in occupancy rates over a prolonged period of time and exacerbated the seasonal volatility at our hotels; 
 
 -18- 

Tabl e of Contents 

 a general decline of in-person business meetings and an increase in the use of teleconferencing and video-conference technology, which could cause a sustained shift away from business-related travel and have a material adverse effect on the overall demand for hotel rooms; and 
 
 a decrease in individuals willingness to travel as a result of the public health risks and social impacts of such outbreak or a decrease in consumer spending, which could affect the ability of our hotels to generate sufficient revenues to meet operating and other expenses in the short- and long-term. 

In the event of natural disasters caused by climate change or otherwise, terrorist attacks, active shooter attacks, significant military actions, outbreaks of contagious diseases or other events for which we may not have adequate insurance, our operations may suffer. 
 
 We are subject to the risks associated with the direct and indirect physical effects of climate change, which can include more frequent and severe storms, hurricanes, flooding, droughts and wildfires, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Seven of our hotels (The Lodge at Sonoma Resort, Westin San Diego Bayview, Hotel Emblem San Francisco, Renaissance Charleston Historic District Hotel, Kimpton Shorebreak Resort, The Landing Lake Tahoe Resort Spa, and Cavallo Point) are located in areas that are seismically active. Nine of our hotels (Havana Cabana Key West, Margaritaville Beach House Key West, Westin Fort Lauderdale Beach Resort, Henderson Park Inn, Henderson Beach Resort, Bourbon Orleans Hotel, Renaissance Charleston Historic District Hotel, Tranquility Bay Beachfront Resort and Kimpton Shorebreak Fort Lauderdale Beach Resort) are located in areas that have experienced, and will continue to experience, many hurricanes. Eleven of our hotels are located in metropolitan markets that have been, or may in the future be, targets of actual or threatened terrorist attacks or active shooter attacks, including New York City, Chicago, Boston, San Francisco and Washington, D.C. These hotels are material to our financial results, having constituted 75 of our total revenues in 2022. In addition, to the extent that climate change causes an increase in storm intensity or rising sea levels, our hotels, which are concentrated in coastal areas and other areas that may be impacted by climate change, may be susceptible to an increase in weather-related damage. Additionally, even in the absence of direct physical damage to our hotels, the occurrence of any natural disasters, terrorist attacks, significant military actions, a changing climate in the area of any of our hotels, outbreaks of pandemics or diseases, such as Zika, Ebola, COVID-19, H1N1 or other similar viruses, or other casualty events, will likely have a material adverse effect on business and commercial travelers and tourists, the economy generally and the hotel and tourism industries in particular. While we cannot predict the impact of the occurrence of any of these events, such events may result in decreases in consumer discretionary spending, including the frequency with which our customers choose to stay at hotels or the amount they spend on hotels, which could result in a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. 
 
 We have acquired and intend to maintain comprehensive insurance on each of our hotels, including liability, terrorism, fire and extended coverage, of the type and amount that we believe are customarily obtained for or by hotel owners. We cannot guarantee that such coverage will continue to be available at reasonable rates or with reasonable deductibles. Our Florida hotels (Havana Cabana Key West, Margaritaville Beach House Key West, Westin Fort Lauderdale Beach Resort, Henderson Park Inn, Henderson Beach Resort, Tranquility Bay Beachfront Resort and Kimpton Shorebreak Fort Lauderdale Beach Resort) each have a deductible of 5 of total insured value for a named storm and the Renaissance Charleston Historic District Hotel and Bourbon Orleans Hotel each has a deductible of 2 of total insured value. In addition, each of our California hotels (Westin San Diego Bayview, Hotel Emblem San Francisco, Kimpton Shorebreak Resort, The Lodge at Sonoma Resort, and Cavallo Point) have a deductible of 5 of total insured value for damage due to an earthquake. We have submitted insurance claims relating to natural disasters at our hotels before and may need to submit similar claims in the future. The prior claims and the increased incidence of substantial claims due to future natural disasters may adversely impact the availability or pricing of insurance available to us. 
 
 Various types of catastrophic losses, like earthquakes, floods, wildfires, losses from foreign terrorist activities, or losses from domestic terrorist activities may not be insurable or are generally not insured because of economic infeasibility, legal restrictions or the policies of insurers. Future lenders may require such insurance, and our failure to obtain such insurance could constitute a default under loan agreements. Depending on our access to capital, liquidity and the value of the properties securing the affected loan in relation to the balance of the loan, a default could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and ability to obtain future financing. 
 
 In the event of a substantial loss, our insurance coverage may not be sufficient to cover the full current market value or replacement cost of our lost investment. Should an uninsured loss or a loss in excess of insured limits occur, we could lose all or a portion of the capital we have invested in a hotel, as well as the anticipated future revenue from that particular hotel. In that event, we might nevertheless remain obligated for any mortgage debt or other financial obligations secured by or related to the 
 -19- 

Tabl e of Contents 

 property. Inflation, changes in building codes and ordinances, environmental considerations and other factors might also prevent us from using insurance proceeds to replace or renovate a hotel after it has been damaged or destroyed. Under those circumstances, the insurance proceeds we receive might be inadequate to restore our economic position with regard to the damaged or destroyed property. 
 
 Our results of operations are highly dependent on the management of our hotel properties by third-party hotel management companies. 
 
 In order to qualify as a REIT, we cannot operate our hotel properties or control the daily operations of our hotel properties. Our TRS lessees may not operate these hotel properties and, therefore, they must enter into third-party hotel management agreements with one or more eligible independent contractors. Thus, third-party hotel management companies that enter into management contracts with our TRS lessees control the daily operations of our hotel properties. 
 
 Under the terms of the hotel management agreements that we have entered into, or that we will enter into in the future, our ability to participate in operating decisions regarding our hotel properties is limited to certain matters, including approval of the annual operating budget. We currently rely, and will continue to rely, on these hotel management companies to adequately operate our hotel properties under the terms of the hotel management agreements. While we and our TRS lessees closely monitor the performance of our hotel managers, we do not have the authority to require any hotel property to be operated in a particular manner or to govern any particular aspect of its operations (for instance, setting room rates and cost structures). Thus, even if we believe that our hotel properties are being operated inefficiently or in a manner that does not result in satisfactory occupancy rates, ADRs and operating profits, we may not have sufficient rights under our hotel management agreements to enable us to force the hotel management company to change its method of operation. We can only seek redress if a hotel management company violates the terms of the applicable hotel management agreement with the TRS lessee, and then only to the extent of the remedies provided for under the terms of the hotel management agreement. Four of our current management agreements are non-terminable, subject to certain exceptions for cause or failure to achieve certain performance targets. In the event that we need to replace any of our hotel management companies pursuant to termination for cause or performance, we may experience significant disruptions at the affected properties and the new management companies may not meet our performance expectations, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. 
 
 We may be unable to maintain good relationships with third-party hotel managers and franchisors. 
 The success of our respective hotel investments and the value of our franchised properties largely depend on our ability to establish and maintain good relationships with the third-party hotel managers and franchisors of our respective hotel management and franchise agreements. If we are unable to maintain good relationships with third-party hotel managers or franchisors, we may be unable to renew existing management or franchise agreements or expand relationships with them. Additionally, opportunities for developing new relationships with additional third-party hotel managers or franchisors may be adversely affected. This, in turn, could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and our ability to execute our repositioning strategy through a change in brand or change in third-party hotel manager. 
 
 A substantial number of our hotels operate under a brand owned by Marriott or Hilton; therefore, we are subject to risks associated with concentrating our portfolio in two brands. 
 
 As of the date of this report, 16 of our 35 hotels operate under brands owned by Marriott and four of our hotels operate under brands owned by Hilton. As a result, our success is dependent in part on the continued success of Marriott and Hilton and their respective brands. Consequently, if market recognition or the positive perception of Marriott or Hilton is reduced or compromised, the goodwill associated with the Marriott- and Hilton-branded hotels in our portfolio may be adversely affected, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. 
 
 Several of our hotels are operated under franchise agreements and we are subject to the risks associated with the franchise brand and the costs associated with maintaining the franchise license. 
 
 As of the date of this report, 20 of our 35 hotels operate under Marriott or Hilton franchise agreements. The maintenance of the franchise licenses for branded hotel properties is subject to the franchisors operating standards and other terms and conditions set forth in the applicable franchise agreement. Franchisors periodically inspect hotel properties to ensure that we, our TRS lessees and management companies follow their brand standards. 
 
 -20- 

Tabl e of Contents 

 If we fail to maintain these required standards, then the brand may terminate its agreement with us and assert a claim for damages for any liability we may have caused, which could include liquidated damages. Moreover, from time to time, we may receive notices from franchisors or the hotel brands regarding alleged non-compliance with the franchise agreements or brand standards, and we may disagree with these claims that we are not in compliance. Any disputes arising under these agreements could also lead to a termination of a franchise or management agreement and a payment of liquidated damages. If we were to lose a franchise or hotel brand for a particular hotel, it could harm the operation, financing, or value of that hotel due to the loss of the franchise or hotel brand name, marketing support and centralized reservation system, all or any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and our ability to make distributions to stockholders. 
 
 Contractual and other disagreements with third-party hotel managers and franchisors could make us liable to them or result in litigation costs or other expenses. 
 Our management and franchise agreements with third-party hotel managers require us and the applicable third-party hotel manager to comply with operational and performance conditions that are subject to interpretation and could result in disagreements, and we expect this will be true of any management and franchise agreements that we enter into with future third-party hotel managers or franchisors. At any given time, we may be in disputes with one or more third-party hotel managers or franchisors. 
 Any such dispute could be very expensive for us, even if the outcome is ultimately in our favor. We cannot predict the outcome of any arbitration or litigation, the effect of any negative judgment against us or the amount of any settlement that we may enter into with any franchisor other third-party hotel manager. In the event we terminate a management or franchise agreement early and the hotel manager or franchisor considers such termination to have been wrongful, they may seek damages. Additionally, we may be required to indemnify our third-party hotel managers and franchisors against disputes with third parties, pursuant to our management and franchise agreements. An adverse result in any of these proceedings could materially and adversely affect our revenues and profitability. 
 If we were to lose a brand license at one or more of our hotels, the value of the affected hotels could decline significantly and we could incur significant costs to obtain new franchise licenses, which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and profitability as well as limit or slow our future growth. 
 If we were to lose a brand license, the underlying value of a particular hotel could decline significantly from the loss of associated name recognition, marketing support, participation in guest loyalty programs and the centralized reservation system provided by the franchisor or brand manager, which could require us to recognize an impairment on the hotel. Furthermore, the loss of a franchise license at a particular hotel could harm our relationship with the franchisor or brand manager, which could impede our ability to operate other hotels under the same brand, limit our ability to obtain new franchise licenses or brand management agreements from the franchisor or brand in the future on favorable terms, or at all, and cause us to incur significant costs to obtain a new franchise license or brand management agreement for the particular hotel. Accordingly, if we lose one or more franchise licenses or brand management agreements, it could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and profitability as well as limit or slow our future growth. 
 
 Our business may be adversely affected by consolidation in the lodging industry. 
 
 Consolidation among companies in the lodging industry may reduce our bargaining power in negotiating management agreements and franchise agreements due to decreased competition among major brand companies. For instance, in 2016, Marriott acquired Starwood Hotels Resorts, resulting in the increased portfolio concentration in the Marriott brand family (16 of our 35 hotels). We believe Marriott may use this leverage when negotiating for property improvement plans upon the acquisition of a hotel in cases where the franchisor or hotel brand requires renovations to bring the physical condition of a hotel into compliance with the specifications and standards each franchisor or hotel brand has developed. 
 
 Industry consolidation could also result in the lack of differentiation among the brands, which could impact the ability to drive higher rates in those brands. In addition, to the extent that consolidation among hotel brand companies adversely affects the loyalty reward program offered by one or more of our hotels, customer loyalty to those hotels may suffer and demand for guestrooms may decrease. Furthermore, because each hotel brand company relies on its own network of reservation systems, hotel management systems and customer databases, the integration of two or more networks may result in a disruption to operations of these systems, such as disruptions in processing guest reservations, delayed bookings or sales, or lost guest reservations, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, following the completion of a merger of companies, the costs to integrate the companies may be absorbed by our impacted hotel or hotels and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 -21- 

Tabl e of Contents 

Our ownership of properties through ground leases exposes us to the risks that we may have difficulty financing such properties, be forced to sell such properties for a lower price, are unable to extend the ground leases at maturity or lose such properties upon breach or termination of the ground leases. 
 
 We hold a leasehold or subleasehold interest in all or a portion of the land underlying eight of our hotels owned as of December 31, 2022 (Embassy Suites by Hilton Bethesda, Courtyard New York Manhattan/Fifth Avenue, Salt Lake City Marriott Downtown at City Creek, Westin Boston Seaport District, Hotel Clio (formerly JW Marriott Denver Cherry Creek), Orchards Inn Sedona, Hotel Palomar Phoenix, and Cavallo Point), and the parking areas at two of our hotels (Worthington Renaissance Fort Worth Hotel and Bourbon Orleans Hotel). We may acquire additional hotels in the future subject to ground leases. In the past, from time to time, secured lenders have been unwilling to lend, or otherwise charged higher interest rates, for loans secured by a leasehold mortgage compared to loans secured by a fee simple mortgage. For this reason, we may have a difficult time selling a property subject to a ground lease or may receive lower proceeds from a sale. Finally, as the lessee under our ground leases, we are exposed to the possibility of losing the hotel, or a portion of the hotel, upon termination, or an earlier breach by us, of the ground lease, which could result in a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. 
 
 Furthermore, unless we purchase a fee simple interest in the land and improvements subject to our ground leases, we will not have any economic interest in the land or improvements at the expiration of our ground leases and therefore we generally will not share in any increase in value of the land or improvements beyond the term of a ground lease, notwithstanding our capital outlay to purchase our interest in the hotel or fund improvements thereon, and will lose our right to use the hotel. 
 
 The failure of tenants to make rent payments under our retail and restaurant leases may adversely affect our results of operation. 
 
 On occasion, retail and restaurant tenants at our hotel properties may fail to make rent payments when due. Generally, we hold security deposits in connection with each lease which may be applied in the event that the tenant under the lease fails or is unable to make payments; however, these security deposits do not provide us with sustained cash flow to pay distributions or for other purposes. In the event that a tenant continually fails to make rent payments, the security deposits may be applied in full to the non-payment of rents, but we face the risk of being able to recover only a portion of the rents due to us or being unable to recover any amounts whatsoever. If we evict a tenant, we also face the risk of delay or inability to find a suitable tenant or replacement tenant that suits the needs of our hotel. 
 
 We face competition for hotel acquisitions and investments and we may not be successful in identifying or completing hotel acquisitions and investments that meet our criteria, which may impede our growth. 
 
 One component of our long-term business strategy is expansion through hotel acquisitions and investments. However, we may not be successful in identifying or completing acquisitions or investments that are consistent with our strategy. We compete with institutional pension funds, private equity funds, REITs, hotel companies and others who are engaged in hotel acquisitions and investments. This competition for hotel investments may increase the price we pay for hotels and these competitors may succeed in acquiring those hotels that we seek to purchase. In addition, the number of entities competing for suitable hotels may increase in the future, which would increase demand for these hotels and the prices we must pay to acquire them. If we pay higher prices for hotels, our returns on investment and profitability may be reduced. Also, future acquisitions of hotels, hotel companies or hotel investments may not yield the returns we expect, especially if we cannot obtain financing without paying higher borrowing costs, and may result in stockholder dilution. 
 
 Even if we successfully complete hotel acquisitions, there can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully integrate the hotels we acquire into our existing operations or otherwise realize the expected benefits of these acquisitions. 
 
 Even if we successfully complete hotel acquisitions, there can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully integrate the hotels we acquire into our existing operations or otherwise realize the expected benefits of these acquisitions. In addition, the acquisition and subsequent integration of the additional hotels into our existing portfolio may require significant time and focus from our management team and may divert attention from the day-to-day operations of our business, which could delay the achievement of our strategic objectives. Acquired properties may be located in markets where we may face risks associated with a lack of market knowledge or understanding of the local economy, lack of business relationships in the area and unfamiliarity with local governmental and permitting procedures. Further, the acquired properties may present other unique risks due to the nature of the assets acquired. Any delay or failure on our part to operate acquired properties to meet our 
 -22- 

Tabl e of Contents 

 financial expectations could impede our growth and have an adverse effect on us, including our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow. 
 
 Actions by organized labor could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 We believe that unions are generally becoming more aggressive about organizing workers at hotels in certain geographic locations. Potential labor activities at these hotels could significantly increase the administrative, labor and legal expenses and reduce the profits that we receive. If hotels in our portfolio are organized, this could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operation and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. 
 
 We have entered into management agreements with third-party managers to operate our hotels. Our hotel managers are responsible for hiring and maintaining the labor force at each of our hotels. From time to time, strikes, lockouts, public demonstrations or other negative actions and publicity may disrupt hotel operations at any of our hotels, negatively impact our reputation or the reputation of our brands, or harm relationships with the labor forces at our hotels. We also may incur increased legal costs and indirect labor costs as a result of contract disputes or other events. Additionally, hotels where our managers have collective bargaining agreements with employees are more highly affected by labor force activities than others. The resolution of labor disputes or new or re-negotiated labor contracts could lead to increased labor costs, either by increases in wages or benefits or by changes in work rules that raise hotel operating costs. Furthermore, labor agreements may limit the ability of our hotel managers to reduce the size of hotel workforces during an economic downturn because collective bargaining agreements are negotiated between the hotel managers and labor unions. We do not have the ability to control the outcome of these negotiations. 
 
 Labor shortages could slow our growth or harm our business. 
 
 Our success depends in part upon our third-party managers ability to attract, motivate and retain a sufficient number of qualified employees. Qualified individuals needed to fill these positions are in increasingly short supply in some areas. The inability to recruit and retain these individuals may adversely impact hotel operations and guest satisfaction, which could harm our business. Additionally, competition for qualified employees may require us to pay meaningfully higher wages to attract enough employees than has historically been the case, and continued tightness in labor markets could result in continued escalation of labor costs. In addition, we could face additional challenges meeting workforce requirements due to changes in workforce dynamics, such as remote work arrangements or more flexibility in work schedules, which could result in increased labor costs in the future. 
 
 Actions by federal, state or local jurisdictions could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 Several local jurisdictions in the U.S. have enacted, or considered, legislation increasing the minimum wage for workers in the jurisdiction. Some of this legislation applies to hotels only. If a jurisdiction in which the Company owns a hotel adopts such legislation, then the cost to operate the hotel may increase significantly and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. 
 
 The Department of Labor has adopted regulations, effective as of January 1, 2020, that have the effect of increasing the number of workers entitled to overtime. These regulations may result in higher operating costs and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. 
 
 Risks Related to the Economy and Credit Markets 
 
 The lack of availability and terms of financing could adversely impact the amounts, sources and costs of capital available to us. 
 
 The ownership of hotels is very capital intensive. We finance the acquisition of our hotels with a mixture of equity and long-term debt, while we traditionally finance renovations and operating needs with cash provided from operations or with borrowings from our corporate credit facility. Our mortgage loans typically have a large balloon payment due at their maturity. Generally, we find it more efficient to place a significant amount of debt on a small number of our hotels while we try to maintain a significant number of our hotels unencumbered. 
 
 During periods of economic recession, it could be difficult for us to borrow money. In recent years, a significant percentage of hotel loans were made by lenders who sold such loans to securitized lending vehicles, such as commercial 
 -23- 

Tabl e of Contents 

 mortgage backed security CMBS pools. If the market for new CMBS issuances results in CMBS lenders making fewer loans, there is a risk that the debt capital available to us could be reduced. 
 
 An uncertain environment in the lodging industry and the economy generally could result in declines in our average daily room rates, occupancy and RevPAR, and thereby have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 
 The performance of the lodging industry has traditionally been closely linked with the general economy. A stall in economic growth or an economic recession could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. When a property's occupancy or room rates drop to the point where its revenues are less than its operating expenses, we are required to spend additional funds in order to cover that property's operating expenses. 
 
 In addition, if the operating results decline at our hotels that are secured by mortgage debt, there may not be sufficient operating profits from the hotel to fund the debt service on the mortgage. In such a case, we may be forced to choose from a number of unfavorable options, including using corporate cash, drawing on our corporate credit facility, selling a hotel on disadvantageous terms, including an unattractive price, or defaulting on the mortgage debt and permitting the lender to foreclose. Any one of these options could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and ability to pay distributions to our stockholders. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Debt and Financing 
 
 The instruments governing our existing indebtedness contain, and instruments governing our future indebtedness may contain, financial covenants that could limit our operations and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. 
 
 Our existing property-level debt instruments contain, and instruments governing property-level debt we incur in the future may contain, restrictions (including cash management provisions) that may, under circumstances specified in the loan agreements, prohibit our subsidiaries that own our hotels from making distributions or paying dividends, repaying loans to us or other subsidiaries or transferring any of their assets to us or another subsidiary. Failure to meet our financial covenants could result from, among other things, changes in our results of operations, the incurrence of additional debt or changes in general economic conditions. In addition, this could cause one or more of our lenders to accelerate the timing of payments and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. The terms of our debt may restrict our ability to engage in transactions that we believe would otherwise be in the best interests of our stockholders. 
 
 Our credit facility and term loans contain financial covenants that may constrain our ability to sell assets and make distributions to our stockholders. 
 
 Our corporate credit facility and term loans contain several financial covenants, the most constraining of which limits the amount of debt that we may incur compared to the value of our hotels (our leverage covenant) and the amount of debt service we pay compared to our cash flow (our debt service coverage covenant). If we were to default under either of these covenants or were unable to obtain a waiver of such default, the lenders may require us to repay all amounts then outstanding under our credit facility and term loans and may terminate our credit facility and term loans. In each of 2020, 2021 and 2022, we executed amendments to the credit agreements in place at the time in order to waive the quarterly tested financial covenants and make certain other modifications to the covenants contained therein. We exited the covenant waivers and modifications as of the second quarter of 2022, and we are in compliance with all financial covenants, but there can be no assurance that we will be able to meet our financial covenants in the future or that we will be able to obtain additional waivers from our lenders, if needed. These and our other financial covenants constrain us from incurring material amounts of additional debt or from selling properties that generate a material amount of income. In addition, our credit facility requires that we maintain a minimum number of our hotels as unencumbered assets. 
 
 Many of our existing mortgage debt agreements contain, and future mortgage debt agreements may contain, cash trap provisions that could limit our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. 
 
 Certain of our loan agreements contain, and future mortgage debt agreements may contain, cash trap provisions that may be triggered if the performance of the affected hotel or hotels declines to a certain level. If the provisions in one or more of these loan agreements are triggered, substantially all of the cash flow generated by the hotel or hotels affected will be deposited directly into lockbox accounts and then swept into cash management accounts for the benefit of the lenders. Cash will be distributed to us only after certain items are paid, including deposits into leasing and maintenance reserves and the payment of debt service, insurance, taxes, operating expenses, and extraordinary capital expenditures and leasing expenses. These cash trap provisions do not provide the lender the right to accelerate repayment of the underlying debt. As of December 31, 2022, 
 -24- 

Tabl e of Contents 

 we had 2.9 million held in cash traps. We do not expect that such cash traps will affect our ability to satisfy our short-term liquidity requirements. However, the triggering of cash traps in the future could affect our liquidity and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. 
 
 There is refinancing risk associated with our debt. 
 
 Our typical debt contains limited principal amortization; therefore, the vast majority of the principal must be repaid at the maturity of the loan in a so-called balloon payment. In the event that we do not have sufficient funds to repay the debt at the maturity of these loans, we will need to refinance this debt. If the credit environment is constrained at the time of our debt maturities, we would have a very difficult time refinancing debt. When we refinance our debt, prevailing interest rates and other factors may result in paying a greater amount of debt service, which will adversely affect our cash flow, and, consequently, our cash available for distribution to our stockholders. If we are unable to refinance our debt on acceptable terms, we may be forced to choose from a number of unfavorable options. These options include agreeing to otherwise unfavorable financing terms on one or more of our unencumbered assets, selling one or more hotels on disadvantageous terms, including unattractive prices or defaulting on the mortgage and permitting the lender to foreclose. Any one of these options could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. 
 
 If we default on our secured debt in the future, the lenders may foreclose on our hotels. 
 
 All of our indebtedness, except our credit facility and term loan, is secured by single property first mortgages on the applicable property. If we default on any of the secured loans, the lender will be able to foreclose on the property pledged to the relevant lender under that loan. While we have maintained certain of our hotels unencumbered by mortgage debt, we have a relatively high loan-to-value on a number of our hotels which are subject to mortgage loans and, as a result, those mortgaged hotels may be at an increased risk of default and foreclosure. In addition, to the extent that we cannot meet any future debt service obligations, we will risk losing some or all of our hotels that are pledged to secure our obligations to foreclosure. This could affect our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. 
 
 In addition to losing the property, a foreclosure may result in recognition of taxable income. Under the Code, a foreclosure of property securing non-recourse debt would be treated as a sale of the property for a purchase price equal to the outstanding balance of the debt secured by the mortgage. If the outstanding balance of the debt secured by the mortgage exceeds our tax basis in the property, we would recognize taxable income on foreclosure even though we did not receive any cash proceeds. As a result, we may be required to identify and utilize other sources of cash for distributions to our stockholders. If this occurs, our financial condition, cash flow and ability to satisfy our other debt obligations or ability to pay distributions may be adversely affected. 
 
 Future debt service obligations may adversely affect our operating results, require us to liquidate our properties, jeopardize our ability to make cash distributions necessary to maintain our tax status as a REIT and limit our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. 
 
 In the future, we and our subsidiaries may incur substantial additional debt, including secured debt. Borrowing costs increased throughout 2022 and may continue to increase near-term as the Federal Reserve acts to address rising inflation and, as a result, borrowing costs on new and refinanced debt may be more expensive. Our existing debt, and any additional debt borrowed in the future could subject us to many risks, including the risks that: 
 
 our cash flow from operations will be insufficient to make required payments of principal and interest or to make cash distributions necessary to maintain our tax status as a REIT; 
 
 we may be vulnerable to adverse economic and industry conditions; 
 
 we may be required to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to the repayment of our debt, thereby reducing the cash available for distribution to our stockholders, operations and capital expenditures, future investment opportunities or other purposes; 
 
 the terms of any refinancing might not be as favorable as the terms of the debt being refinanced; and 
 
 the use of leverage could adversely affect our stock price and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. 
 
 -25- 

Tabl e of Contents 

 If we violate covenants in our future indebtedness agreements, we could be required to repay all or a portion of our indebtedness before maturity at a time when we might be unable to arrange financing for such repayment on favorable terms, if at all. 
 
 Refinanced debt could reduce the amounts available for distribution to our stockholders, as well as reduce funds available for our operations, future investment opportunities or other purposes. 
 
 Increases in interest rates may increase our interest expense. 
 
 Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors that are beyond our control, including general economic conditions and policies of various governmental and regulatory agencies. Higher interest rates could increase debt service requirements on any of our floating rate debt, including our unsecured term loans and any outstanding balance on our senior unsecured credit facility, and could reduce the amounts available for distribution to our stockholders, as well as reduce funds available for our operations, future business opportunities or other purposes. 
 
 Hedging against interest rate exposure may adversely affect us. 
 
 We manage certain exposure to interest rate volatility by using interest rate hedging, such as swap agreements, to hedge against the possible negative effects of interest rate fluctuations. We may continue to do so in the future. However, hedging can be expensive, particularly during periods of volatile interest rates, available interest rate hedges may not correspond directly with the interest rate risk for which protection is sought, the duration of the interest rate hedge may not match the duration of the related liability, and we cannot assure you that any hedging will adequately mitigate the adverse effects of interest rate increases or that counterparties under these agreements will honor their obligations. As a result, our hedging transactions could have a material and adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 
 The discontinuation of LIBOR and the replacement of LIBOR with an alternative reference rate may adversely affect our borrowing costs and could impact our business and results of operations. 
 
 We expect that all LIBOR settings relevant to us will cease to be published or will no longer be representative after June 30, 2023. The discontinuation of LIBOR will not affect our ability to borrow or maintain already outstanding borrowings or hedging transactions, but if our contracts indexed to LIBOR, including contracts governing our interest rate swaps, are converted to the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR ), the differences between LIBOR and SOFR, plus the recommended spread adjustment, could result in interest or hedging costs that are higher than if LIBOR remained available. Additionally, although SOFR is the recommended replacement rate, it is also possible that lenders may instead choose alternative replacements that may differ from LIBOR in ways similar to SOFR or in ways that would result in higher interest or hedging costs for us. It is not yet possible to predict the magnitude of LIBOR s end on our borrowing costs given the remaining uncertainty about which rates will replace LIBOR. As of December 31, 2022, all of our variable rate debt and interest rate swaps have been transitioned to SOFR. 
 
 Risks Related to Regulation and the Environment 
 
 Noncompliance with governmental regulations could adversely affect our operating results. 
 
 Environmental matters. 
 
 Our hotels are, and the hotels that we acquire in the future will be, subject to various federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations relating to environmental protection. Under these laws, courts and government agencies may have the authority to require us, as owner of a contaminated property, to clean up the property, even if we did not know of, or were not responsible for, the contamination. These laws apply to persons who owned a property at the time it became contaminated so we may incur cleanup costs or other environmental liabilities even after we sell a property. In addition to the costs of cleanup, environmental contamination can affect the value of a property and, therefore, an owner s ability to borrow funds using the property as collateral or to sell the property. Additionally, under certain environmental laws, courts and government agencies also have the authority to require that (i) a person who sent waste to a waste disposal facility, such as a landfill or an incinerator, pay for the clean-up of that facility if it becomes contaminated and threatens human health or the environment and (ii) a person who arranges for the disposal or treatment, or transports for disposal or treatment, a hazardous substance at a property owned by another person pay for the costs of removal or remediation of hazardous substances released into the environment at that property. 
 
 -26- 

Tabl e of Contents 

 Our hotels are also subject to various federal, state, and local environmental, health and safety laws and regulations that address a wide variety of issues, including, but not limited to, storage tanks, air emissions from emergency generators, storm water and wastewater discharges, asbestos, lead-based paint, mold and mildew and waste management. Some of our hotels routinely handle and use hazardous or regulated substances and wastes as part of their operations, which substances and wastes are subject to regulation (e.g., swimming pool chemicals). Our hotels incur costs to comply with these laws and regulations and could be subject to fines and penalties for non-compliance. Additionally, various court decisions have established that third parties may recover damages for injury caused by property contamination. For instance, a person exposed to asbestos while staying or working in a hotel may seek to recover damages if he or she suffers injury from the asbestos. 
 
 Although we have taken and will take commercially reasonable steps to assess the condition of our properties, there may be unknown environmental problems associated with our properties. If environmental contamination exists on our properties, we could become subject to strict, joint and several liability for the contamination by virtue of our ownership interest. In addition, we are obligated to indemnify our lenders for any liability they may incur in connection with a contaminated property. 
 
 We could be responsible for the costs associated with a contaminated property, including the costs to clean up a contaminated property or to defend against a claim, and such costs could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition and our ability to pay dividends to our stockholders. Additionally, we regularly incur costs to comply with environmental laws and we cannot assure you that future laws or regulations will not impose material environmental liabilities or that the current environmental condition of our hotels will not be affected by the condition of the properties in the vicinity of our hotels (such as the presence of leaking underground storage tanks) or by third parties unrelated to us. 
 
 Climate change 
 
 In recent years, numerous treaties, laws and regulations have been enacted to regulate or limit carbon emissions and, as a result, we are subject to the risks associated with such transitional effects to a law carbon scenario. These effects may include, but are not limited to, increased regulation for building efficiency and equipment specifications, increased regulations or investor requirements for environmental and social disclosures and increased costs to manage the shift in consumer preferences. For example, in an effort to mitigate the impact of climate change, our hotels could become subject to increased governmental regulations mandating energy efficiency standards, the usage of sustainable energy sources and updated equipment specifications which may require additional capital investments or result in increased operating costs. Additionally, if there is a shift in consumer preferences for more sustainable travel accommodations, we may also incur increased costs to manage such consumer expectations for sustainable buildings and hotel operations. The drive to limit carbon emissions and other climate change related regulations and consumer preferences may require us to make significant investments in our hotels and could result in increased energy costs at our properties which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. 
 
 Americans with Disabilities Act and other changes in governmental rules and regulations. 
 
 Our properties must comply with Title III of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (the ADA ), to the extent that such properties are public accommodations as defined by the ADA. Under the ADA, all public accommodations must meet various federal non-discrimination requirements related to access and use by individuals with disabilities. Compliance with the ADA s requirements could require removal of architectural barriers to access and non-compliance could result in the payment of civil penalties, damages, and attorneys' fees and costs. We believe that our properties are in substantial compliance with the ADA; however, the obligation to comply with the ADA is an ongoing one, and we will continue to assess our properties and to make alterations as appropriate in this regard. If we are required to make substantial modifications to our hotels, whether to comply with the ADA or other changes in governmental rules and regulations, our financial condition, results of operations and ability to make distributions to our stockholders could be adversely affected. 
 
 Our hotel properties may contain or develop harmful mold, which could lead to liability for adverse health effects and costs of remediating the problem. 
 
 When excessive moisture accumulates in buildings or on building materials, mold growth may occur, particularly if the moisture problem remains undiscovered or is not addressed over a period of time. Some molds may produce airborne toxins or irritants. Concern about indoor exposure to mold has been increasing, as exposure to mold may cause a variety of adverse health effects and symptoms, including allergic reactions. As a result, the presence of mold to which our hotel guests or employees could be exposed at any of our properties could require us to undertake a costly remediation program to contain or remove the mold from the affected property, which would reduce our cash available for distribution. In addition, exposure to 
 -27- 

Tabl e of Contents 

 mold by our guests or employees, management company employees or others could expose us to liability if property damage or adverse health concerns arise. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Status as a REIT 
 
 We cannot assure you that we will remain qualified as a REIT. 
 
 We believe that we are qualified to be taxed as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes for our taxable year ended December 31, 2022, and we expect to continue to qualify as a REIT for future taxable years, but we cannot assure you that we have qualified, or will remain qualified, as a REIT. The REIT qualification requirements are extremely complex and official interpretations of the U.S. federal income tax laws governing qualification as a REIT are limited. Certain aspects of our REIT qualification are beyond our control. Accordingly, we cannot be certain that we will be successful in operating so that we can remain qualified as a REIT. At any time, new laws, interpretations or court decisions may change the U.S. federal tax laws or the U.S. federal income tax consequences of our qualification as a REIT. Moreover, our charter provides that our board of directors may revoke or otherwise terminate our REIT election, without the approval of our stockholders, if it determines that it is no longer in our best interest to continue to qualify as a REIT. 
 
 If we fail to qualify as a REIT and do not qualify for certain statutory relief provisions, or otherwise cease to be a REIT, we will be subject to U.S. federal income tax on our taxable income at the corporate rate. We might need to borrow money or sell assets in order to pay any such tax. Also, we would not be allowed a deduction for dividends paid to our stockholders in computing our taxable income and we would no longer be compelled to make distributions under the Code. Unless we were entitled to relief under certain U.S. federal income tax laws, we could not re-elect REIT status until the fifth calendar year after the year in which we failed to qualify as a REIT. If we fail to qualify as a REIT but are eligible for certain relief provisions, then we may retain our status as a REIT, but we may be required to pay a penalty tax, which could be substantial. 
 
 Maintaining our REIT qualification contains certain restrictions and drawbacks. 
 
 Complying with REIT requirements may cause us to forgo otherwise attractive opportunities. 
 
 To remain qualified as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we must continually satisfy tests concerning, among other things, the sources of our income, the nature and diversification of our assets, the amounts we distribute to our stockholders and the ownership of our stock. In order to meet these tests, we may be required to forgo attractive business or investment opportunities. For example, we may not lease to our TRS any hotel which contains gaming. Thus, compliance with the REIT requirements may hinder our ability to operate solely to maximize profits. 
 
 To qualify as a REIT, we must meet annual distribution requirements. 
 
 In order to remain qualified as a REIT, we generally are required to distribute at least 90 of our REIT taxable income, determined without regard to the dividends paid deduction and excluding net capital gains, each year to our stockholders. To the extent that we satisfy this distribution requirement, but distribute less than 100 of our REIT taxable income, we will be subject to U.S. federal corporate income tax on our undistributed REIT taxable income. In addition, we will be subject to a 4 nondeductible excise tax if the actual amount that we pay out to our stockholders in a calendar year is less than a minimum amount specified under U.S. federal tax laws. As a result of differences between cash flow and the accrual of income and expenses for tax purposes, or nondeductible expenditures, for example, our REIT taxable income in any given year could exceed our cash available for distribution. Accordingly, we may be required to borrow money or sell assets at disadvantageous prices, distribute amounts that would otherwise be invested in future acquisitions or capital expenditures or used for the repayment of debt, pay dividends in the form of taxable stock dividends or find another alternative source of funds to make distributions sufficient to enable us to pay out enough of our taxable income to satisfy the distribution requirement and to avoid U.S. federal corporate income tax and the 4 nondeductible excise tax in a particular year. 
 
 The formation of our TRSs and TRS lessees increases our overall tax liability. 
 
 Overall, no more than 20 of the value of a REIT s assets may consist of stock or securities of one or more TRSs. Our domestic TRSs are subject to U.S. federal and state income tax on their taxable income. The taxable income of our TRS lessees currently consists and generally will continue to consist of revenues from the hotels leased by our TRS lessees plus, in certain cases, key money payments (amounts paid to us by a hotel management company in exchange for the right to manage a hotel we acquire) and yield support payments, net of the operating expenses for such properties and rent payments to us. Such taxes could be substantial. 
 
 -28- 

Tabl e of Contents 

 We will be subject to a 100 excise tax to the extent that transactions with our TRSs are not conducted on an arm s-length basis. For example, to the extent that the rent paid by one of our TRS lessees exceeds an arm s-length rental amount, such excess is potentially subject to this excise tax. While we believe that we structure all of our leases on an arm s-length basis, upon an audit, the IRS might disagree with our conclusion. 
 
 If the leases of our hotels to our TRS lessees are not respected as true leases for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we will fail to qualify as a REIT. 
 To qualify as a REIT, we must annually satisfy two gross income tests, under which specified percentages of our gross income must be derived from certain sources, such as rents from real property. Rents paid to us by our TRS lessees pursuant to the leases of our hotels will constitute substantially all of our gross income. In order for such rent to qualify as rents from real property for purposes of the gross income tests, the leases must be respected as true leases for U.S. federal income tax purposes and not be treated as service contracts, financing arrangements, joint ventures or some other type of arrangement. If our leases are not respected as true leases for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we will fail to qualify as a REIT. 
 
 You may be restricted from transferring our common stock and Series A Preferred Stock. 
 
 In order to maintain our REIT qualification, among other requirements, no more than 50 in value of our outstanding stock may be owned, directly or indirectly, by five or fewer individuals (as defined in the U.S. federal income tax laws to include certain entities) during the last half of any taxable year. In addition, the REIT rules generally prohibit a manager of one of our hotels from owning, directly or indirectly, more than 35 of our stock and a person who holds 35 or more of our stock from also holding, directly or indirectly, more than 35 of any such hotel management company. To qualify for and preserve REIT status, our charter contains an aggregate share ownership limit, a common share ownership limit, and a preferred share ownership limit. Generally, any shares of our stock owned by affiliated owners will be added together for purposes of the aggregate share ownership limit, and any shares of common stock or preferred stock, as applicable, owned by affiliated owners will be added together for purposes of the common share ownership limit and the preferred share ownership limit. 
 
 If anyone transfers or owns shares in a way that would violate the aggregate share ownership limit, the common share ownership limit, or the preferred share ownership limit (unless such ownership limits have been waived by our board of directors), or would prevent us from continuing to qualify as a REIT under the U.S. federal income tax laws, those shares instead will be transferred to a trust for the benefit of a charitable beneficiary and will be either redeemed by us or sold to a person whose ownership of the shares will not violate the aggregate share ownership limit, the common share ownership limit, or the preferred share ownership limit. If this transfer to a trust would not be effective to prevent a violation of the ownership restrictions in our charter, then the initial intended transfer or ownership will be null and void from the outset. The intended transferee or owner of those shares will be deemed never to have owned the shares. Anyone who acquires or owns shares in violation of the aggregate share ownership limit, the common share ownership limit, the preferred share ownership limit (unless such ownership limits have been waived by our board of directors) or the other restrictions on transfer or ownership in our charter bears the risk of a financial loss when the shares are redeemed or sold if the market price of our stock falls between the date of purchase and the date of redemption or sale. 
 
 Even if we maintain our status as a REIT, in certain circumstances, we may be subject to U.S. federal and state income taxes, which would reduce our cash available for distribution to our stockholders. 
 
 Even if we qualify and maintain our status as a REIT, we may be subject to U.S. federal income taxes or state taxes in various circumstances. For example, net income from a prohibited transaction will be subject to a 100 tax. In addition, we may not be able to distribute all of our income in any given year, which would result in corporate level taxes, and we may not make sufficient distributions to avoid excise taxes. We may also decide to retain certain gains from the sale or other disposition of our property and pay income tax directly on such gains. In that event, our stockholders would be required to include such gains in income and would receive a corresponding credit for their share of taxes paid by us. We may also be subject to U.S. state and local and non-U.S. taxes on our income or properties, either directly or at the level of our operating partnership or the other companies through which we indirectly own our assets. In addition, we may be subject to U.S. federal, state, local or non-U.S. taxes in other various circumstances. Any U.S. federal or state taxes that we pay will reduce our cash available for distribution to our stockholders. 
 
 Our property taxes could increase due to property tax rate changes or reassessment, which could impact our cash flow. 
 
 Even if we qualify and maintain our status as a REIT, we are required to pay state and local property taxes on our properties. The property taxes on our properties may increase as property tax rates change or as our properties are assessed or reassessed by taxing authorities. Therefore, the amount of property taxes we pay in the future may increase substantially from 
 -29- 

Tabl e of Contents 

 what we have paid in the past and such increases may not be offset by increased room rates at our hotels. If the property taxes we pay increase, our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow, per share trading price of our common stock and Series A Preferred Stock and our ability to satisfy our principal and interest obligations and to make distributions to our stockholders may be negatively impacted. 
 
 Dividends payable by REITs generally do not qualify for reduced tax rates. 
 
 A maximum 20 tax rate applies to qualified dividend income payable to individual U.S. stockholders. Dividends payable by REITs, however, are generally not eligible for the reduced rates on qualified dividend income and are taxed at normal ordinary income tax rates (provided that for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017 and before January 1, 2026, non-corporate taxpayers generally may deduct 20 of their ordinary REIT dividends that are not capital gain dividends or qualified dividend income ). However, to the extent that our dividends are attributable to certain dividends that we receive from a TRS, such dividends generally will be eligible for the reduced rates that apply to qualified dividend income (but will be ineligible for the 20 deduction). The more favorable rates applicable to regular corporate dividends could cause investors who are individuals to perceive investments in REITs to be relatively less attractive than investments in the stocks of non-REIT corporations that pay qualified dividend income, which could adversely affect the value of the stock of REITs, including our common stock and Series A Preferred Stock. In addition, some non-REIT corporations may choose to pay dividends or increase dividends as a result of the lower corporate income tax rate that is effective for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. As a result, the trading price of our common stock and Series A Preferred Stock may be negatively impacted. 
 
 Failure of our operating partnership to be taxable as a partnership could cause us to fail to qualify as a REIT and we could suffer other adverse tax consequences. 
 
 We believe that our operating partnership will continue to be treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a partnership and not as an association or as a publicly traded partnership taxable as a corporation. As a partnership, the operating partnership will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax on its income. Instead, each of its partners, including us, will be allocated that partner s share of the operating partnership s income. No assurance can be provided, however, that the IRS will not challenge the operating partnership s status as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes, or that a court would not sustain such a challenge. If the IRS were to determine that our operating partnership was properly treated as an association or as a publicly traded partnership taxable as a corporation, our operating partnership would be required to pay U.S. federal income tax at corporate rates on its net income, its partners would be treated as stockholders of our operating partnership and distributions to partners would constitute distributions that would not be deductible in computing the operating partnership s taxable income. In addition, we could fail to qualify as a REIT, with the resulting consequences described above. 
 
 Our UPREIT structure may result in potential conflicts of interest with limited partners in our operating partnership whose interests may not be aligned with those of our stockholders. 
 
 Limited partners in our operating partnership have the right to vote on certain amendments to the agreement that governs our operating partnership, as well as on certain other matters. Persons holding such voting rights may exercise them in a manner that conflicts with our stockholders interests. As general partner of our operating partnership, we are obligated to act in a manner that is in the best interests of all partners of our operating partnership. Circumstances may arise in the future when the interests of limited partners in our operating partnership may conflict with the interests of our stockholders. These conflicts may be resolved in a manner that some stockholders believe is not in their best interests. 
 
 Legislative or regulatory action could adversely affect our stockholders. 
 
 In recent years, numerous legislative, judicial and administrative changes have been made to the U.S. federal income tax laws applicable to investments in REITs and similar entities. Additional changes to applicable tax laws are likely to continue to occur in the future, and we cannot assure our stockholders that any such changes will not adversely affect the taxation of a stockholder. Any such changes could have an adverse effect on an investment in our common stock and Series A Preferred Stock. All stockholders are urged to consult with their tax advisors with respect to the status of legislative, regulatory or administrative developments and proposals and their potential effect on an investment in our common stock and Series A Preferred Stock. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Organization and Structure 
 
 Provisions of our charter may limit the ability of a third party to acquire control of our company. 
 
 -30- 

Tabl e of Contents 

 Our charter provides that no person may beneficially own more than 9.8 of the aggregate outstanding shares of our common stock, more than 9.8 of the aggregate outstanding shares of our Series A Preferred Stock, or more than 9.8 of the value of the aggregate outstanding shares of our capital stock, except certain look-through entities, such as mutual funds, which may beneficially own up to 15 of the aggregate outstanding shares of our common stock, up to 15 of the aggregate outstanding shares of our Series A Preferred Stock, or up to 15 of the value of the aggregate outstanding shares of our capital stock. Our board of directors has waived this ownership limitation for certain investors. Our bylaws waive this ownership limitation for certain other classes of investors. These ownership limitations may prevent an acquisition of control of our company by a third party without our board of directors approval, even if our stockholders believe the change of control is in their best interests. 
 
 Our charter also authorizes our board of directors to issue up to 400,000,000 shares of common stock and up to 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, to classify or reclassify any unissued shares of common stock or preferred stock and to set the preferences, rights and other terms of the classified or reclassified shares. Furthermore, our board of directors may, without any action by the stockholders, amend our charter from time to time to increase or decrease the aggregate number of shares of stock of any class or series that we have authority to issue. Issuances of additional shares of stock may have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a transaction or a change in control of our company that might involve a premium to the market price of our common stock or otherwise be in our stockholders best interests. 
 
 Certain advance notice provisions of our bylaws may limit the ability of a third party to acquire control of our company. 
 
 Our bylaws provide that (a) with respect to an annual meeting of stockholders, nominations of individuals for election to our board of directors and the proposal of other business to be considered by stockholders may be made only (i) pursuant to our notice of the meeting, (ii) by the board of directors or (iii) by a stockholder who is entitled to vote at the meeting and has complied with the advance notice procedures set forth in the bylaws and (b) with respect to special meetings of stockholders, only the business specified in our notice of meeting may be brought before the meeting of stockholders and nominations of individuals for election to the board of directors may be made only (A) by the board of directors or (B) provided that the board of directors has determined that directors shall be elected at such meeting by a stockholder who is entitled to vote at the meeting and has complied with the advance notice provisions set forth in the bylaws. These advance notice provisions may have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a transaction or a change in control of our company that might involve a premium to the market price of our common stock or otherwise be in our stockholders best interests. 
 
 Provisions of Maryland law may limit the ability of a third party to acquire control of our company. 
 
 The Maryland General Corporation Law, or the MGCL, has certain restrictions on a business combination and control share acquisition which we have opted out of. If an affirmative majority of votes cast by a majority of stockholders entitled to vote approve it, our board of directors may opt in to such provisions of the MGCL. If we opt in, and the stockholders approve it, these provisions may have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a transaction or a change in control of our company that might involve a premium price for holders of our common stock or otherwise be in their best interests. 
 
 In addition, provisions of Maryland law permit the board of a corporation with a class of equity securities registered under the Exchange Act and at least three independent directors, without stockholder approval, to implement possible takeover defenses, such as a classified board or a two-thirds vote requirement for removal of a director. These provisions, if implemented, may make it more difficult for a third party to affect a takeover. In February 2014, however, we amended our charter to prohibit us from dividing directors into classes unless such action is first approved by the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast on the matter by stockholders entitled to vote generally in the election of directors. 
 
 We have entered into an agreement with each of our senior executive officers that provides each of them benefits in the event that his or her employment is terminated by us without cause, by him or her for good reason or under certain circumstances following a change of control of our company. 
 
 We have entered into an agreement with each of our senior executive officers that provides each of them with severance benefits if his or her employment is terminated under certain circumstances following a change of control of our company. Certain of these benefits and the related tax indemnity in the case of certain executive officers could prevent or deter a change of control of our company that might involve a premium price for our common stock or otherwise be in the best interests of our stockholders. 
 
 We may be unable to generate sufficient cash flows from our operations to make distributions to our stockholders at expected levels, and we cannot assure you of our ability to make distributions in the future. 
 
 -31- 

Tabl e of Contents 

 We intend to pay quarterly dividends that represent at least 90 of our REIT taxable income. Our ability to make these intended distributions may be adversely affected by the factors, risks and uncertainties described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and other reports that we file from time to time with the SEC. For example, in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, our board of directors suspended our quarterly common dividend commencing with the quarterly dividend that would have been paid in April 2020 and resumed quarterly common dividends beginning with the quarterly dividend that was paid in October 2022. In addition, our board of directors has the sole discretion to determine the timing, form and amount of any distribution to our stockholders. Our board of directors will make determinations regarding distributions based upon many facts, including our financial performance, our debt service obligations, our debt covenants, our capital expenditure requirements, the requirements for qualification as a REIT and other factors that our board of directors may deem relevant from time to time. As a result, no assurance can be given that we will be able to make distributions to our stockholders at expected levels, or at all, or that distributions will increase or even be maintained over time, any of which could materially and adversely affect the market price of our common stock and Series A Preferred Stock. 
 
 Changes in market conditions could adversely affect the market price of our common stock and Series A Preferred Stock. 
 
 As with other publicly traded equity securities, the value of our common stock and Series A Preferred Stock depends on various market conditions that may change from time to time. Among the market conditions that may affect the value of our common stock and Series A Preferred Stock are the following: 
 
 the extent of investor interest in our securities; 
 
 the general reputation of REITs and the attractiveness of our equity securities in comparison to other equity securities, including securities issued by other real estate-based companies; 
 
 the underlying asset value of our hotels; 
 
 investor confidence in the stock and bond markets, generally; 
 
 national and local economic conditions; 
 
 changes in tax laws; 
 
 our financial performance; and 
 
 general stock and bond market conditions. 
 
 The market value of our common stock is based primarily upon the market s perception of our growth potential and our current and potential future earnings and cash distributions. Consequently, our common stock may trade at prices that are greater or less than our net asset value per share. If our future earnings or cash distributions are less than expected, it is likely that the market price of our common stock will diminish. 
 
 In addition, interest rates were at historically low levels for an extended period of time but increased during the year ending December 31, 2022 and may continue to increase in the near term. The market for common shares and preferred shares of publicly traded REITs may be influenced by the distribution yield on their shares (i.e., the amount of annual distributions as a percentage of the market price of their shares) relative to market interest rates. If market interest rates increase, prospective purchasers of REIT common shares and preferred shares may seek to achieve a higher distribution yield, which we may not be able to, or may choose not to, provide. Thus, higher market interest rates could cause the returns on investment in our common stock and Series A Preferred Stock to be relatively less attractive to our investors and the market price of our common stock and Series A Preferred Stock to decline. Additionally, higher market interest rates may adversely impact the market values of our hotels. 
 
 The market price of our common stock has been volatile and could decline, resulting in a substantial or complete loss on our common stockholders investment. 
 
 The market price of our common stock has been highly volatile in the past, and investors in our common stock may experience a decrease in the value of their shares, including decreases unrelated to our operating performance or prospects. In the past, securities class action litigation has often been instituted against companies following periods of volatility in their stock price. This type of litigation could result in substantial costs and divert our management s attention and resources. 
 
 -32- 

Tabl e of Contents 

 Future issuances of our common stock, Series A Preferred Stock or our operating partnership s common OP units, may depress the market price of our common stock and have a dilutive effect on our existing stockholders. 
 
 We cannot predict whether future issuances of our common stock or Series A Preferred Stock or the availability of shares for resale in the open market may depress the market price of our common stock or Series A Preferred Stock. Future issuances or sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market, or the issuance of our common stock or Series A Preferred Stock in connection with future property, portfolio or business acquisitions, or the perception that such issuances or sales might occur, may cause the market price of our shares to decline. In addition, future issuances or sales of our common stock or Series A Preferred Stock may be dilutive to existing stockholders. 
 
 Our December 2018 acquisition of Cavallo Point was partially funded by the issuance by our operating partnership of common OP units, which became redeemable by the sellers after the one-year anniversary of such issuance for cash or, at our election, on a one-for-one basis for shares of our common stock. Pursuant to the terms of the contribution agreement governing our acquisition of Cavallo Point, if any of the common OP units are outstanding seven years after their issuance, we have the option to redeem them for cash or shares of our common stock, at our election. In the future, our operating partnership may issue additional common OP units to acquire additional properties or portfolios. Such common OP unit issuances would reduce our ownership interest in the operating partnership and may in the future result in dilution of our shareholders equity interests. 
 
 Holders of our outstanding Series A Preferred Stock have dividend, liquidation and other rights that are senior to the rights of the holders of our common stock. 
 
 Our board of directors has the authority to designate and issue preferred stock with liquidation, dividend and other rights that are senior to those of our common stock. As of December 31, 2022, 4,760,000 shares of our Series A Preferred Stock were issued and outstanding. The aggregate liquidation preference with respect to the outstanding preferred stock is approximately 119.0 million and aggregate annual dividends on these shares are approximately 9.8 million. Holders of the Series A Preferred Stock are entitled to cumulative dividends before any dividends may be declared or set aside on our common stock. Upon our voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up, before any payment is made to holders of our common stock, holders of the Series A Preferred Stock are entitled to receive a liquidation preference of 25.00 per share plus any accrued and unpaid distributions. This will reduce the remaining amount of our assets, if any, available to distribute to holders of our common stock. In addition, holders of our Series A Preferred Stock have the right to elect two additional directors to our board of directors whenever dividends on the preferred shares are in arrears for six or more quarterly dividends, whether or not consecutive. 
 
 The conversion rights of our Series A Preferred Stock may be detrimental to holders of our common stock. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, 4,760,000 shares of our Series A Preferred Stock were outstanding and could be converted, upon the occurrence of limited specified change in control transactions, into shares of our common stock. The conversation of the Series A Preferred Stock would dilute the stockholder ownership in our Company and common OP unit holder ownership in our operating partnership and could adversely affect the market price of our common stock and could impair our ability to raise capital through the sale of additional equity securities. 
 
 Future offerings of debt securities or preferred stock, which would be senior to our common stock upon liquidation and for the purpose of distributions, may cause the market price of our common stock to decline. 
 
 In the future, we may increase our capital resources by making additional offerings of debt or equity securities, which may include senior or subordinated notes, classes of preferred stock and/or common stock. We will be able to issue additional shares of common stock or preferred stock without stockholder approval, unless stockholder approval is required by applicable law or the rules of any stock exchange or automated quotation system on which our securities may be listed or traded. Upon liquidation, holders of our debt securities and shares of preferred stock and lenders with respect to other borrowings will receive a distribution of our available assets prior to the holders of our common stock. Additional equity offerings could significantly dilute the holdings of our existing stockholders or reduce the market price of our common stock, or both. Holders of our common stock are not entitled to preemptive rights or other protections against dilution. Preferred stock and debt, if issued, could have a preference on liquidating distributions or a preference on dividend or interest payments that could limit our ability to make distributions to the holders of our common stock. Because our decision to issue securities in any future offering will depend on market conditions and other factors beyond our control, we cannot predict or estimate the amount, timing or nature of our future offerings. Thus, our stockholders bear the risk of our future offerings reducing the market price of our common stock and diluting their interest. 
 
 -33- 

Tabl e of Contents 

 We cannot guarantee that we will repurchase our common stock pursuant to our share repurchase program or that our share repurchase program will enhance long-term stockholder value. Share repurchases could also increase the volatility of the price of our common stock and could diminish our cash reserves. 
 
 The timing, manner, price and actual number of shares repurchased under our share repurchase program will depend on a variety of factors including stock price, corporate and regulatory requirements, market conditions, and other corporate liquidity requirements and priorities. Our share repurchase program may be limited, suspended or terminated at any time without prior notice. In addition, repurchases of our common stock pursuant to our share repurchase program could affect our stock price and increase its volatility. The existence or use of our share repurchase program may cause our stock price to be higher than it would otherwise be, and could potentially reduce the market liquidity for our stock. Additionally, our share repurchase program could diminish our cash reserves, which may impact our ability to finance future growth and to pursue possible any future strategic opportunities or acquisitions. There can be no assurance that any share repurchases will enhance stockholder value because the market price of our common stock may decline below the levels at which we repurchased shares of stock. Although our share repurchase program is intended to enhance long-term stockholder value, there is no assurance that it will do so, and short-term stock price fluctuations could reduce the program s effectiveness. 
 
 Tax protection agreements may limit our ability to sell or otherwise dispose of certain properties and may require our operating partnership to maintain certain debt levels that otherwise would not be required to operate our business. 
 
 In connection with contributions of properties to our operating partnership, our operating partnership has entered and may in the future enter into tax protection agreements under which it agrees to minimize the tax consequences to the contributing partners resulting from the sale or other disposition of the contributed properties. Tax protection agreements may make it economically prohibitive to sell any properties that are subject to such agreements. In addition, we may be required to maintain a minimum level of indebtedness throughout the term of any tax protection agreement regardless of whether such debt levels are otherwise required to operate our business. 
 
 General Risk Factors 
 
 Our success depends on senior executive officers whose continued service is not guaranteed, and changes in our senior executive officers may adversely affect the operation of our business. 
 
 We depend on the efforts and expertise of our senior executive officers to manage our day-to-day operations and strategic business direction. Finding suitable replacements for senior executive officers could be difficult. The loss of any of their services could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. 
 
 We and our hotel managers rely on information technology in our operations and any material failures, inadequacies, interruptions, security failures, social engineering attacks or cyber-attacks could harm our business. 
 
 We and our hotel managers rely on information technologies and systems, including the Internet, to access, store, transmit, deliver and manage information and processes. Some of these information technologies and systems are provided by third-party vendors. We rely on commercially available systems, software, tools and monitoring to provide security for processing, transmission and storage of certain confidential customer information, such as individually identifiable information, including information relating to financial accounts. Recently, a number of hotels and hotel management companies have been subject to successful cyber-attacks including those seeking guest credit card information. Moreover, the risk of a cybersecurity incident or cyber-attack has generally increased as the number, intensity and sophistication of attempted attacks and intrusions from around the world has increased. 
 
 For these reasons, we and our hotel managers are subject to risks associated with security breaches, whether through cyber-attacks or online fraud schemes, spoofed e-mails and social engineering efforts by hackers aimed at obtaining confidential information. Any compromise of the function, security and availability of our network and systems or the network and systems of our hotel managers or our third-party vendors could result in disruptions to operations, misappropriated or compromised confidential hotel or guest information, systems disruptions, the shutdown of our hotels, exploited security vulnerability of our respective networks, delayed sales or bookings, lost guest reservations and damage to our reputation or the reputations of our hotel managers and third-party vendors. Although we and our hotel managers believe that we have taken commercially reasonable steps to protect the security of these systems, there can be no assurance that such security measures will prevent failures, inadequacies or interruptions in system services, or that system security will not be breached through physical or electronic break-ins, computer viruses, social engineering attacks and cyber-attacks. The costs to us to eliminate or alleviate cybersecurity incidents or cyber-attacks could be significant and may increase as the number, intensity and sophistication of such attacks increases. Disruptions in service, system shutdowns and security breaches in either the information technologies and systems of our hotel managers, our third-party vendors or our own information technologies and 
 -34- 

Tabl e of Contents 

 systems, including unauthorized disclosure of confidential information, could have a material adverse effect on our business operations and results, our financial and compliance reporting and our reputation. 
 
 Many of our hotel managers carry cyber insurance policies to protect and offset a portion of potential costs that may be incurred from a security breach. Additionally, we currently have cyber insurance policies to provide supplemental coverage above the coverage carried by our third-party managers. Despite various precautionary steps to protect our hotels from losses resulting from cyber-attacks, however, any occurrence of a social engineering attack or cyber-attack could still result in losses at our properties, which could affect our results of operations. We are not aware of any cyber incidents that we believe to be material or that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We may be subject to litigation, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow and trading price of our common stock and Series A Preferred Stock. 
 
 We may be subject to litigation. In addition, we generally indemnify third-party hotel managers for legal costs resulting from management of our hotels. Some of these claims may result in defense costs, settlements, fines or judgments against us, some of which are not covered by insurance. The outcome of these legal proceedings cannot be predicted. Payment of any such costs, settlements, fines or judgments that are not insured could have a material adverse impact on our financial position and results of operations. In addition, certain litigation or the resolution of certain litigation may affect the availability or cost of some of our insurance coverage, which could adversely impact our results of operations and cash flows, expose us to increased risks that would be uninsured and/or adversely impact our ability to attract officers and directors. 
 
 You have limited control as a stockholder regarding any changes that we make to our policies. 
 
 Our board of directors determines our major policies, including policies related to our investment objectives, leverage, financing, growth and distributions to our stockholders. Our board of directors may amend or revise these policies without a vote of our stockholders. This means that our stockholders will have limited control over changes in our policies and those changes could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 None. 
 
 -35- 

Tabl e of Contents 

Item 2. Properties 
 
 The following table sets forth certain information for each of our hotels owned as of December 31, 2022. 
 -36- 

Tabl e of Contents 

 Hotel City State Chain Scale Segment (1) 
 Service Category Rooms Manager Chicago Marriott Downtown Magnificent Mile Chicago Illinois Upper Upscale Full Service 1,200 Marriott Westin Boston Seaport District Boston Massachusetts Upper Upscale Full Service 793 Aimbridge Hospitality Salt Lake City Marriott Downtown at City Creek Salt Lake City Utah Upper Upscale Full Service 510 HEI Hotels Resorts Worthington Renaissance Fort Worth Hotel Fort Worth Texas Upper Upscale Full Service 504 Marriott Westin San Diego Bayview San Diego California Upper Upscale Full Service 436 Aimbridge Hospitality Westin Fort Lauderdale Beach Resort Fort Lauderdale Florida Upper Upscale Full Service 433 HEI Hotels Resorts Westin Washington D.C. City Center Washington District of Columbia Upper Upscale Full Service 410 Sage Hospitality Hilton Boston Downtown/Faneuil Hall Boston Massachusetts Upper Upscale Full Service 403 Aimbridge Hospitality The Hythe Vail Vail Colorado Upper Upscale Full Service 344 Vail Resorts Courtyard New York Manhattan/Midtown East New York New York Upscale Select Service 321 HEI Hotels Resorts Atlanta Marriott Alpharetta Atlanta Georgia Upper Upscale Full Service 318 Aimbridge Hospitality The Gwen Hotel Chicago Illinois Luxury Full Service 311 HEI Hotels Resorts Hilton Garden Inn New York/Times Square Central New York New York Upscale Select Service 282 Highgate Hotels Embassy Suites by Hilton Bethesda Bethesda Maryland Upper Upscale Full Service 272 Sage Hospitality Hilton Burlington Lake Champlain Burlington Vermont Upper Upscale Full Service 258 Aimbridge Hospitality Hotel Palomar Phoenix Phoenix Arizona Upper Upscale Full Service 242 Kimpton Hotels Restaurants Henderson Beach Resort Destin Florida Luxury Full Service 233 Aimbridge Hospitality Bourbon Orleans Hotel New Orleans Louisiana Luxury Full Service 220 Aimbridge Hospitality Hotel Clio (formerly JW Marriott Denver Cherry Creek) Denver Colorado Luxury Full Service 199 Sage Hospitality Courtyard New York Manhattan/Fifth Avenue New York New York Upscale Select Service 189 Highgate Hotels Margaritaville Beach House Key West Key West Florida Upper Upscale Full Service 186 Ocean Properties The Lodge at Sonoma Resort Sonoma California Upper Upscale Full Service 182 Sage Hospitality Courtyard Denver Downtown Denver Colorado Upscale Select Service 177 Sage Hospitality Renaissance Charleston Historic District Hotel Charleston South Carolina Upper Upscale Full Service 167 Aimbridge Hospitality Kimpton Shorebreak Resort Huntington Beach California Upper Upscale Full Service 157 Kimpton Hotels Restaurants Cavallo Point, The Lodge at the Golden Gate Sausalito California Luxury Full Service 142 Passport Resorts Havana Cabana Key West Key West Florida Upscale Select Service 106 EOS Hospitality Tranquility Bay Beachfront Resort Marathon Florida Luxury Full Service 103 EOS Hospitality Hotel Emblem San Francisco San Francisco California Upper Upscale Full Service 96 Viceroy Hotels Resorts Kimpton Shorebreak Fort Lauderdale Beach Resort Fort Lauderdale Florida Upper Upscale Full Service 96 HEI Hotels Resorts L'Auberge de Sedona Sedona Arizona Luxury Full Service 88 Evolution Hospitality The Landing Lake Tahoe Resort Spa South Lake Tahoe California Luxury Full Service 82 Evolution Hospitality Orchards Inn Sedona Sedona Arizona Upscale Full Service 70 Evolution Hospitality Lake Austin Spa Resort Austin Texas Luxury Full Service 40 EOS Hospitality Henderson Park Inn Destin Florida Upper Midscale Full Service 37 Aimbridge Hospitality Total 9,607 
 -37- 

Tabl e of Contents 

 _____________ 
 (1) As defined by STR, Inc. 
 
 Hotel Management Agreements 
 
 We are party to hotel management agreements for each hotel we own. The following table sets forth the expiration date of the current term, the terms of termination of the manager by the Company, and the number of remaining renewal terms at the manager's option under the respective hotel management agreements for each of our hotels as of December 31, 2022. Generally, the term of the hotel management agreements, if applicable, renew automatically for a negotiated number of consecutive periods upon the expiration of the initial term unless the manager gives notice to us of its election not to renew the hotel management agreement. 
 -38- 

Tabl e of Contents 

 Property Manager Terminable Expiration Date of Current Term Number of Remaining Renewal Terms at Manager's Exclusive Option (1) 
 Atlanta Marriott Alpharetta Aimbridge Hospitality At will with no fee 9/2025 None Embassy Suites by Hilton Bethesda Sage Hospitality At will with no fee 2/2027 One five-year period Bourbon Orleans Hotel Aimbridge Hospitality At will with no fee 7/2026 Month-to-month Cavallo Point, The Lodge at the Golden Gate Ft. Baker Management LLC At will with fee 6/2023 One five-year period Chicago Marriott Downtown Magnificent Mile Marriott No 12/2038 Two ten-year periods Courtyard Denver Downtown Sage Hospitality At will with fee 7/2026 One five-year period Courtyard New York Manhattan/Fifth Avenue Highgate Hotels At will with no fee 10/2025 None Courtyard New York Manhattan/Midtown East HEI Hotels Resorts At will with fee 8/2027 None The Gwen Hotel HEI Hotels Resorts At will with fee 6/2026 None Havana Cabana Key West EOS Hospitality At will with fee until 5/2023; at will with no fee thereafter 5/2032 Month-to-month Henderson Beach Resort Aimbridge Hospitality 
 At will with fee until 2/2023; at will with no fee thereafter 2/2032 Month-to-month Henderson Park Inn Aimbridge Hospitality At will with no fee 7/2026 Month-to-month Hilton Boston Downtown/Faneuil Hall Aimbridge Hospitality At will with no fee 7/2025 None Hilton Burlington Lake Champlain Aimbridge Hospitality At will with no fee N/A Month-to-month Hilton Garden Inn New York/Times Square Central Highgate Hotels No 12/2024 One five-year period (2) 
 Hotel Clio (formerly JW Marriott Denver Cherry Creek) Sage Hospitality At will with fee 5/2026 One five-year period Hotel Emblem San Francisco Viceroy Hotels Resorts At will with fee 12/2027 One five-year period Hotel Palomar Phoenix Kimpton Hotel Restaurant Group 2023 upon sale with no fee 12/2027 One five-year period (3) 
 The Hythe Vail Vail Resorts At will with fee 1/2024 None Kimpton Shorebreak Fort Lauderdale Beach Resort HEI Hotels Resorts At will with fee until 3/2023; at will with no fee thereafter 3/2028 None Kimpton Shorebreak Resort Kimpton Hotel Restaurant Group At will with fee 2/2025 None Lake Austin Spa Resort EOS Hospitality At will with fee until 11/2023; at will with no fee thereafter 11/2032 Month-to-month The Landing Lake Tahoe Resort Spa Evolution Hospitality At will with fee 9/2024 One five-year period L'Auberge de Sedona Evolution Hospitality At will with fee 10/2024 One five-year period The Lodge at Sonoma Resort Sage Hospitality At will with fee 9/2025 None Margaritaville Beach House Key West Ocean Properties No 7/2027 None Orchards Inn Sedona Evolution Hospitality At will with fee 10/2024 One five-year period Renaissance Charleston Historic District Hotel Aimbridge Hospitality At will with no fee 9/2025 None Salt Lake City Marriott Downtown at City Creek HEI Hotels Resorts At will with no fee 9/2025 None Tranquility Bay Beachfront Resort EOS Hospitality At will with fee until 3/2023; at will with no fee thereafter 4/2032 Month-to-month Westin Boston Seaport District Aimbridge Hospitality At will with fee 1/2025 None Westin Fort Lauderdale Beach Resort HEI Hotels Resorts At will with no fee 12/2024 None Westin San Diego Bayview Aimbridge Hospitality At will with no fee N/A Month-to-month Westin Washington D.C. City Center Sage Hospitality At will with fee 11/2026 One five-year period Worthington Renaissance Fort Worth Hotel Marriott No 12/2031 Two ten-year periods 
 ____________________ 
 (1) Certain agreements allow for other extension rights that may be only at our option. 
 (2) Hotel manager is entitled to one five-year extension option upon achievement of a certain level of net operating income, which is significantly above current net operating income at the hotel. 
 (3) Hotel manager is entitled to one five-year extension option if the manager earns an incentive management fee in both 2026 and 2027. The manager did not earn an incentive management fee in 2022. 
 
 Under our hotel management agreements, the hotel manager receives a base management fee and, if certain financial thresholds are met or exceeded, an incentive management fee. The base management fee is generally payable as a percentage of gross hotel revenues for each fiscal year. The incentive management fee is generally based on hotel operating profits, but the 
 -39- 

Tabl e of Contents 

 fee only applies to that portion of hotel operating profits above a negotiated return on our invested capital, which we refer to as the owner's priority. We refer to this excess of operating profits over the owner's priority as available cash flow. 
 
 The following table sets forth the base management fee, incentive management fee and furniture, fixture and equipment FF E reserve contribution, generally due and payable each fiscal year, for each of our hotels as of December 31, 2022: 
 Property Base Management Fee (1) 
 Incentive Management Fee (2) 
 FF E Reserve Contribution (1) 
 Atlanta Marriott Alpharetta 2 15 (3) 
 4 Embassy Suites by Hilton Bethesda 1.5 (4) 
 10 4 Bourbon Orleans Hotel 1 (5) 
 15 (3) 
 4 Cavallo Point, The Lodge at the Golden Gate 2.5 20 4 Chicago Marriott Downtown Magnificent Mile 3 15 (6) 
 5 Courtyard Denver Downtown 1.5 (4) 
 10 4 Courtyard New York Manhattan/Fifth Avenue 2.5 (7) 
 15 (3) 
 None Courtyard New York Manhattan/Midtown East 1.75 15 4 The Gwen Hotel 2.25 15 4 Havana Cabana Key West 2.5 15 (3) (8) 
 1 Henderson Beach Resort 2.25 15 (3) 
 4 Henderson Park Inn 2.5 15 (3) 
 4 Hilton Boston Downtown/Faneuil Hall 1.25 15 (3) 
 4 Hilton Burlington Lake Champlain 1.5 (9) 
 10 4 Hilton Garden Inn New York/Times Square Central 3 20 4 Hotel Clio (formerly JW Marriott Denver Cherry Creek) 2 15 (3) 
 4 Hotel Emblem San Francisco 2.75 15 4 Hotel Palomar Phoenix 3.5 20 4 The Hythe Vail 2 15 (3) 
 4 Kimpton Shorebreak Fort Lauderdale Beach Resort 2 15 (3) 
 4 Kimpton Shorebreak Resort 2.5 15 4 Lake Austin Spa Resort 2.5 15 (3) (8) 
 1 The Landing Lake Tahoe Resort Spa 1.25 15 4 L'Auberge de Sedona 2.25 15 4 The Lodge at Sonoma Resort 2 15 (3) 
 4 Margaritaville Beach House Key West 3 10 4 Orchards Inn Sedona 2.25 15 4 Renaissance Charleston Historic District Hotel 2 15 (3) 
 4 Salt Lake City Marriott Downtown at City Creek 2 15 (3) 
 4 Tranquility Bay Beachfront Resort 2.5 15 (3) (8) 
 1 Westin Boston Seaport District 1 15 (3) 
 4 Westin Fort Lauderdale Beach Resort 2 15 4 Westin San Diego Bayview 1.5 (9) 
 10 4 Westin Washington D.C. City Center 1.5 (4) 
 10 4 Worthington Renaissance Fort Worth Hotel 3 25 5 
 ______________ 
 (1) As a percentage of gross revenues. 
 (2) As a percentage of hotel operating profits above a specified return on our invested capital or specified operating profit thresholds. 
 (3) Total incentive management fees are capped at 1 of gross revenues. 
 (4) The base management fee is the sum of 1.5 of gross revenues and 1.5 gross operating profit. Total management fees are capped at 3 of gross revenues. 
 (5) The base management fee decreased to 2 (from 2.5 of gross revenues in July 2022 and further decreased to 1 for the period of September 2022 through December 2022. The base management fee increased back to 2 beginning January 2023 for the remainder of the term. 
 (6) Calculated as 15 of net operating income. There is no owner's priority; however, the Company's contribution to the hotel's recent multi-year property renovation is treated as a deduction in calculating net operating income. 
 (7) Beginning January 2023, the base management fee decreases to 2.25 of gross revenues. 
 (8) The incentive management fee increases to 1.5 of gross revenues if the gross operating profit exceeds a specified amount plus any owner's priority. 
 -40- 

Tabl e of Contents 

 (9) Total management fees are capped at 2.5 of gross revenues. 
 
 Additional information regarding fees incurred under hotel management agreements can be found in Note 12 to our accompanying consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Franchise Agreements 
 
 The following table sets forth the terms of the hotel franchise agreements for our 20 franchised hotels as of December 31, 2022: 
 Franchised Hotels Expiration Date of Agreement Franchise Fee Atlanta Marriott Alpharetta 9/2040 (1) 
 6 of gross room sales and 3 of gross food and beverage sales Embassy Suites by Hilton Bethesda 2/2037 3.5 of gross room sales; program fee of 4 of gross room sales (2) 
 Courtyard Denver Downtown 10/2027 5.5 of gross room sales Courtyard New York Manhattan/Fifth Avenue 12/2035 6 of gross room sales Courtyard New York Manhattan/Midtown East 8/2042 6 of gross room sales The Gwen Hotel 9/2035 5 of gross room sales Hilton Boston Downtown/Faneuil Hall 7/2023 5 of gross room sales and 3 of gross food and beverage sales; program fee of 4 of gross room sales Hilton Burlington Lake Champlain 7/2032 (3) 
 5 of gross room sales and 3 of gross food and beverage sales; program fee of 4 of gross room sales (3) 
 Hilton Garden Inn New York/Times Square Central 6/2033 5 of gross room sales; program fee of 4.3 of gross room sales Hotel Clio (formerly JW Marriott Denver Cherry Creek) 10/2036 6 of gross room sales and 3 of gross food and beverage sales (4) 
 The Hythe Vail 12/2041 4 of gross room sales and 1 of gross food and beverage sales (5) 
 Kimpton Shorebreak Fort Lauderdale Beach Resort 4/2041 6 of gross room sales and 2 of gross food and beverage sales The Lodge at Sonoma Resort 12/2035 5 of gross room sales Margaritaville Beach House Key West 4/2041 5 of gross revenues Renaissance Charleston Historic District Hotel 12/2031 5 of gross room sales Salt Lake City Marriott Downtown at City Creek 9/2040 (1) 
 6 of gross room sales and 3 of gross food and beverage sales Westin Boston Seaport District 12/2026 5 of gross room sales and 1 of gross food and beverage sales (6) 
 Westin Fort Lauderdale Beach Resort 12/2034 6 of gross room sales and 2 of gross food and beverage sales Westin San Diego Bayview 12/2040 7 of gross room sales and 3 of gross food and beverage sales Westin Washington D.C. City Center 12/2040 7 of gross room sales and 3 of gross food and beverage sales 
 ______________ 
 (1) The franchise agreement may be extended at Marriott's option for one 10-year term. 
 (2) In February 2026, the franchise fee will increase to 5.5 of gross room sales through the remainder of the term. 
 (3) On August 22, 2022, we entered into a franchise agreement to convert the brand to a Curio Collection Hotel. The new franchise agreement has a term of ten years, and the brand conversion will be effective upon the completion of an agreed-upon renovation. The franchise fees will be 4 of gross rooms sales for the first four years and then increase to 5 through the remainder of the term. There will also be a program fee of 4 of gross rooms sales. 
 (4) In January 2030, the franchise fees will decrease to 5 of gross room sales and 2 of gross food and beverage sales. 
 (5) In November 2023, the franchise fees will increase to 5 of gross room sales and 2 of gross food and beverage sales through the remainder of the term. 
 (6) In January 2023, the franchise fees increased to 6 of gross room sales and 2 of gross food and beverage sales. In January 2026, the franchise fees will increase to 7 of gross room sales and 3 of gross food and beverage sales through the remainder of the term. 
 
 Additional information regarding fees incurred under franchise agreements can be found in Note 12 to our accompanying consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Mortgage Debt 
 
 Four of our hotels are encumbered by mortgage debt. Additional information regarding such hotels can be found in Note 8 to our accompanying consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Ground Leases 
 
 -41- 

Tabl e of Contents 

 Eight of our hotels and two parking areas are subject to ground lease agreements. Additional information regarding our hotels that are subject to ground leases can be found in Notes 4 and 13 to our accompanying consolidated financial statements. 
 -42- 

Tabl e of Contents 

 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 
 Litigation 
 
 We are subject to various claims, lawsuits and legal proceedings, including routine litigation arising in the ordinary course of business, regarding the operation of our hotels and Company matters. While it is not possible to ascertain the ultimate outcome of such matters, management believes that the aggregate amount of such liabilities, if any, in excess of amounts covered by insurance, will not have a material adverse impact on our financial condition or results of operations. The outcome of claims, lawsuits and legal proceedings brought against the Company, however, is subject to significant uncertainties. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 Not applicable. 
 -43- 

Tabl e of Contents 

 Part II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 Market Information 
 
 Our common stock trades on the NYSE under the symbol DRH . The closing price of our common stock on the NYSE on December 31, 2022 was 8.19 per share. 
 
 Stock Performance Graph 
 
 The following graph compares the five-year cumulative total stockholder return on our common stock against the cumulative total returns of the Standard Poor's 500 Index (the S P 500 Total Return and the Dow Jones U.S. Hotels Lodging REITs Index (the Dow Jones U.S. Hotels Total Return ). We believe the Dow Jones U.S. Hotels Lodging REITs Index's total return provides a relevant industry sector comparison to our common stock's total stockholder return given the index is based on REITs that primarily invest in lodging real estate. 
 
 The graph assumes an initial investment on December 31, 2017 of 100 in our common stock in each of the indices and also assumes the reinvestment of dividends. The total return values do not include dividends declared, but not paid, during the period. 

2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 DiamondRock Hospitality Company Total Return 100.00 83.10 107.75 80.23 93.45 80.55 S P 500 Total Return 100.00 95.62 125.72 148.85 191.58 156.88 Dow Jones U.S. Hotel Hotels Total Return 100.00 83.21 91.28 60.95 72.44 67.72 
 
 This performance graph shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or incorporated by reference into any filing by us under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. 
 
 Dividend Information 
 
 -44- 

Tabl e of Contents 

 In order to maintain our qualification as a REIT, we must make distributions to our stockholders each year in an amount equal to at least: 
 
 90 of our REIT taxable income, determined without regard to the dividends paid deduction and excluding net capital gains, plus 
 
 90 of the excess of our net income from foreclosure property over the tax imposed on such income by the Code, minus 
 
 any excess non-cash income. 
 
 We generally pay quarterly cash dividends to common stockholders at the discretion of our board of directors. Our board of directors suspended our quarterly common dividend commencing with the quarterly dividend that would have been paid in April 2020 and resumed quarterly common dividends beginning in the third quarter of 2022. The timing and frequency of future dividends will be determined by our board of directors after considering a variety of factors, including our financial performance, restrictions under applicable law and our current and future loan agreements, our debt service requirements, our capital expenditure requirements, the requirements for qualification as a REIT under the Code and other factors that our board of directors may deem relevant from time to time. 
 
 Stockholder Information 
 
 As of February 21, 2023, there were 14 record holders of our common stock and we believe we have more than one thousand beneficial holders. As of February 21, 2023, there were 11 holders of common OP units (in addition to the Company and executive officers of the Company). 
 
 In order to comply with certain requirements related to our qualification as a REIT, our charter, subject to certain exceptions, limits the number of common shares that may be owned by any single person or affiliated group to 9.8 of the outstanding common shares. 
 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 The following table provides information as of December 31, 2022 regarding shares of common stock that may be issued under the Company s equity compensation plans. 
 Plan Category Number of Securities to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights Weighted-Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans (Excluding Securities Reflected in Column (a)) (a) (b) (c) Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 2,908,956 (1) 
 (2) 
 947,469 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders Total 2,908,956 947,469 
 ______________ 
 (1) Includes 1,958,303 shares of common stock issuable pursuant to our deferred compensation plan and 950,653 shares of common stock issuable upon the achievement of certain performance conditions. 
 (2) Performance stock units and deferred stock units do not have any exercise price. 
 
 Fourth Quarter 2022 Repurchases of Equity Securities 
 
 -45- 

Tabl e of Contents 

 Period (a) Total Number of Shares Purchased (b) Average Price Paid per Share (c) Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (d) 
 Maximum Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (in thousands) (1) 
 October 1 - October 31, 2022 1,569,687 7.81 1,569,687 187,744 November 1 - November 30, 2022 December 1 - December 31, 2022 
 ______________ 
 (1) Represents amounts available under the Company's 200.0 million share repurchase program approved by the board of directors on September 29, 2022 (the Share Repurchase Program ). The Share Repurchase Program does not obligate the Company to acquire any particular amount of shares, and may be suspended or discontinued at any time at the Company s discretion. The Share Repurchase Program expires on February 28, 2025. 
 
 Fourth Quarter 2022 Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 None. 

Item 6. Reserved 
 
 Not applicable. 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto included elsewhere in this report. This discussion contains forward-looking statements about our business. These statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially because of factors discussed in "Special Note About Forward-Looking Statements" and "Risk Factors" contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and in our other reports that we file from time to time with the SEC. 
 
 Overview 
 
 DiamondRock Hospitality Company is a lodging-focused real estate company operating as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes that owns a portfolio of premium hotels and resorts. As of December 31, 2022, we owned a portfolio of 35 premium hotels and resorts that contain 9,607 guest rooms located in 24 different markets in the United States. 
 
 As an owner, rather than an operator of lodging properties, we receive all of the operating profits or losses generated by our hotels after the payment of fees due to hotel managers and hotel brands, which are calculated based on the revenues and profitability of each hotel. 
 
 Key Indicators of Financial Condition and Operating Performance 
 
 We use a variety of operating and other information to evaluate the financial condition and operating performance of our business. These key indicators include financial information that is prepared in accordance with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles U.S. GAAP ), as well as other financial information that is not prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. In addition, we use other information that may not be financial in nature, including statistical information and comparative data. We use this information to measure the performance of individual hotels, groups of hotels and/or our business as a whole. We periodically compare historical information to our internal budgets as well as industry-wide information. These key indicators include: 
 
 Occupancy percentage; 
 
 Average Daily Rate (or ADR); 
 
 Rooms Revenue per Available Room (or RevPAR); 
 
 -46- 

Tabl e of Contents 

 Earnings Before Interest, Income Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization (or EBITDA), Earnings Before Interest, Income Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization for real estate (or EBITDA re) , and Adjusted EBITDA; and 
 
 Funds From Operations (or FFO) and Adjusted FFO. 
 
 Occupancy, ADR and RevPAR are commonly used measures within the hotel industry to evaluate operating performance. RevPAR, which is calculated as the product of ADR and occupancy percentage, is an important statistic for monitoring operating performance at the individual hotel level and across our business as a whole. We evaluate individual hotel RevPAR performance on an absolute basis with comparisons to budget and prior periods, as well as on a company-wide and regional basis. ADR and RevPAR include only room revenue. Room revenue comprised approximately 68 of our total revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 and is dictated by demand, as measured by occupancy percentage, pricing, as measured by ADR, and our available supply of hotel rooms. 
 
 Our ADR, occupancy percentage and RevPAR performance may be impacted by macroeconomic factors such as U.S. economic conditions generally, increasing inflation, rising interest rates, regional and local employment growth, personal income and corporate earnings, office vacancy rates and business relocation decisions, airport and other business and leisure travel, increased use of lodging alternatives, new hotel construction and the pricing strategies of our competitors. In addition, our ADR, occupancy percentage and RevPAR performance is dependent on the continued success of our hotels' global brands. 
 
 We also use EBITDA, EBITDA re , Adjusted EBITDA, FFO and Adjusted FFO as measures of the financial performance of our business. See Non-GAAP Financial Measures for further discussion on these financial measures. 
 
 COVID-19 Pandemic 
 
 COVID-19 has had and continues to have a significant effect on our industry in general and our business in particular. The demand for lodging materially decreased beginning in March 2020 and remained low throughout 2021. During 2022, demand significantly improved as a result of vaccinations, lifting of governmental restrictions, and an overall increase in public demand for leisure travel, among other factors. 
 
 Four of our hotels (one of which was sold on June 30, 2021) had suspended operations for a period of time during the year ended December 31, 2021. All of our hotels were open during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic is expected to continue to contribute to uncertainty and volatility with respect to our results of operations, financial position and cash flows for 2023 as the recovery continues. We expect that the pace will vary from market to market and may be uneven in nature. Although leisure travel has rebounded and there were signs of a robust recovery in business travel in 2022 relative to 2021, there remains significant uncertainty regarding the future pace of recovery and whether and when business travel and larger group meetings will return to pre-pandemic levels. The emergence of new variant strains of COVID-19 has the potential to slow or reverse positive trends expected in 2023 and beyond. 
 
 See also Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A of this report. 
 
 Overview of 2022 
 
 Key highlights for 2022 include the following: 
 
 Hotel Acquisitions. On January 6, 2022, we acquired the Tranquility Bay Beachfront Resort located in Marathon, Florida, for 62.4 million, including prorations and transaction costs. This acquisition included income from 84 units owned by third parties and the majority of the intervals in three units structured as vacation ownership. Subsequent to this purchase, we acquired four of the 84 units. On April 1, 2022, we acquired the Kimpton Shorebreak Fort Lauderdale Beach Resort located in Fort Lauderdale, Florida, for 35.6 million, including prorations and transaction costs. On November 21, 2022, we acquired the Lake Austin Spa Resort located in Austin, Texas, for 75.8 million, including prorations and transaction costs. 
 
 Financing Activity. On September 27, 2022, we entered into an amended and restated credit agreement that provides for a 400 million senior unsecured revolving credit facility and two term loan facilities in the aggregate amount of 800 million. We used the proceeds from the new term loans to repay our previously existing terms loans and amounts outstanding on our prior revolving credit facility, as well as four of our outstanding mortgage loans that were schedule to mature in 2023. 
 
 -47- 

Tabl e of Contents 

 Share Repurchases . On September 29, 2022, our board of directors approved a share repurchase program authorizing us to repurchase up to 200.0 million of our common stock through February 28, 2025. As of December 31, 2022, we have repurchased 1.6 million shares of common stock. 
 
 Common Dividends . In the third quarter, we resumed the payment of quarterly common dividends. 
 
 Outlook for 2023 
 
 Many economists expect that the U.S. economy may contract in the second half of 2023 as a result of actions by the Federal Reserve to restrain inflation. The ultimate timing and magnitude of a potential recession, however, is unknown. Travel demand is highly sensitive to changes in macroeconomic factors and the threat of even a mild recession creates a backdrop of uncertainty for the hospitality industry. The effect is compounded because the industry experienced a disproportionate impact from the COVID-19 pandemic and the subsequent recovery has been uneven across markets and customer segments. 
 
 Our portfolio is composed primarily of luxury and upper-upscale resorts and hotels located in popular leisure destinations and major urban markets. Our destination resorts have outperformed the recovery of the broader U.S. hospitality market and, depending on the macroeconomic environment, we expect the strong consumer preference for drive-to destinations will support strong sales and profits at our resorts in 2023. Longer term, we believe robust secular demand for experiential leisure travel, low growth in directly competitive supply, and targeted investments to renovate and reposition destination hotels can extend and intensify our growth. Urban hotels comprise the majority of our portfolio and we believe these hotels are well positioned for outsized growth in 2023 as employers encourage return-to-office and business travel for their employees. Corporate travel across our portfolio has increased steadily from the depths of the global pandemic and is poised to exceed pre-pandemic levels in 2023 based on strong group booking pace and recent business transient demand patterns. We anticipate industry profitability will be challenged by a short booking window and emerging and shifting travel patterns, as well as pressures on property taxes, insurance and overall labor costs. We continue to work closely with our hotel managers to maximize revenue and identify operating efficiencies. 
 
 We expect the expansion of corporate travel demand will enable the industry to improve profits in 2023 and we enter the year with several favorable factors, including: (1) ownership of a high-quality portfolio, with a meaningful concentration of experiential destination resorts, (2) internal growth from five recent and two pending hotel upbrandings, (3) internal growth from the continuation of our asset management initiatives and return on investment projects, (4) expense savings from the conversion of six formerly Marriott-managed contracts to Marriott franchises, (5) conservative debt capital structure with limited near-term debt maturities, and (6) liquidity of over 550 million as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 
 The following table sets forth certain operating information for the year ended December 31, 2022 for each of the hotels we owned during 2022. The table indicates the operating status of each hotel and the occupancy percentage, ADR and RevPAR for each hotel for the portion of the year ended December 31, 2022 that the hotel was owned by the Company. 
 
 -48- 

Tabl e of Contents 

 Property Location Number of Rooms Occupancy ) ADR ) RevPAR( Change from 2021 RevPAR Chicago Marriott Downtown Magnificent Mile 
 Chicago, Illinois 1,200 54.6 242.34 132.20 114.9 Westin Boston Seaport District 
 Boston, Massachusetts 793 75.3 240.49 181.09 106.9 Salt Lake City Marriott Downtown at City Creek Salt Lake City, Utah 510 59.4 176.24 104.70 66.1 Worthington Renaissance Fort Worth Hotel Fort Worth, Texas 504 68.9 188.68 129.95 55.9 Westin San Diego Bayview San Diego, California 436 72.8 201.64 146.88 75.9 Westin Fort Lauderdale Beach Resort Fort Lauderdale, Florida 433 75.9 269.09 204.22 39.9 Westin Washington D.C. City Center Washington, D.C. 410 60.1 214.53 128.87 190.6 Hilton Boston Downtown/Faneuil Hall Boston, Massachusetts 403 77.7 293.11 227.79 85.2 The Hythe Vail Vail, Colorado 344 53.2 431.18 229.35 42.3 Courtyard New York Manhattan/Midtown East New York, New York 321 83.8 328.22 275.05 77.3 Atlanta Marriott Alpharetta Atlanta, Georgia 318 56.0 150.24 84.16 64.6 The Gwen Hotel 
 Chicago, Illinois 311 73.0 297.88 217.59 59.2 Hilton Garden Inn New York/Times Square Central New York, New York 282 93.2 276.71 257.91 121.4 Embassy Suites by Hilton Bethesda Bethesda, Maryland 272 52.2 143.75 75.01 90.5 Hilton Burlington Lake Champlain 
 Burlington, Vermont 258 73.7 245.87 181.23 26.0 Hotel Palomar Phoenix 
 Phoenix, Arizona 242 65.8 221.10 145.48 45.9 Henderson Beach Resort 
 Destin, Florida 233 61.8 473.56 292.87 3.2 Bourbon Orleans Hotel 
 New Orleans, Louisiana 220 67.1 236.79 158.86 131.7 Hotel Clio Denver, Colorado 199 69.7 304.01 211.87 27.0 Courtyard New York Manhattan/Fifth Avenue New York, New York 189 93.3 277.34 258.80 124.9 Margaritaville Beach House Key West Key West, Florida 186 79.8 449.79 358.95 10.3 The Lodge at Sonoma Resort 
 Sonoma, California 182 62.6 462.85 289.59 35.8 Courtyard Denver Downtown 
 Denver, Colorado 177 74.2 204.49 151.80 61.5 Renaissance Charleston Historic District Hotel Charleston, South Carolina 167 85.4 360.02 307.37 22.3 Kimpton Shorebreak Resort Huntington Beach, California 157 80.7 345.17 278.42 33.8 Cavallo Point, The Lodge at the Golden Gate 
 Sausalito, California 142 51.1 700.56 358.26 20.6 Havana Cabana Key West 
 Key West, Florida 106 85.3 327.22 279.15 8.3 Tranquility Bay Beachfront Resort (1) 
 Marathon, Florida 103 73.3 742.42 544.46 3.4 Hotel Emblem San Francisco 
 San Francisco, California 96 72.4 223.96 162.14 130.4 Kimpton Shorebreak Fort Lauderdale Beach Resort (2) 
 Fort Lauderdale, Florida 96 62.8 207.24 130.24 18.8 L'Auberge de Sedona Sedona, Arizona 88 71.4 995.34 710.81 (3.5) The Landing Lake Tahoe Resort Spa 
 South Lake Tahoe, California 82 49.0 509.26 249.63 14.6 Orchards Inn Sedona Sedona, Arizona 70 66.5 303.69 201.95 (7.7) Lake Austin Spa Resort (3) 
 Austin, Texas 40 49.0 1,367.03 670.18 (3.0) Henderson Park Inn Destin, Florida 37 73.1 642.69 469.90 4.3 TOTAL/WEIGHTED AVERAGE 9,607 68.3 286.50 195.69 51.5 
 ________________ 
 (1) The operating statistics reflect our ownership period from January 6, 2022 to December 31, 2022 and the comparable period of 2021. 
 (2) The operating statistics reflect our ownership period from April 1, 2022 to December 31, 2022 and the comparable period of 2021. 
 (3) The operating statistics reflect our ownership period from November 21, 2022 to December 31, 2022 and the comparable period of 2021. 
 
 Comparison of the Year Ended December 31, 2022 to the Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 
 Our results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 improved relative to the year ended December 31, 2021 as all of our hotels were open for the entire year and travel increased. 
 
 Revenue . Revenue consists primarily of the room, food and beverage and other operating revenues from our hotels, as follows (in millions): 
 -49- 

Tabl e of Contents 

 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change Rooms 681.3 399.1 70.7 Food and beverage 238.2 117.7 102.4 Other 82.0 50.3 63.0 Total revenues 1,001.5 567.1 76.6 
 
 Our total revenues increased 434.4 million from 567.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 1.0 billion for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Rooms revenues increased by 282.2 million from the year ended December 31, 2021 to the year ended December 31, 2022 primarily due to increases in occupancy and ADR primarily at our resort hotels. Additionally, the acquisitions of the Bourbon Orleans Hotel and Henderson Park Inn in July 2021, Henderson Beach Resort in December 2021, Tranquility Bay Beachfront Resort in January 2022, the Kimpton Shorebreak Fort Lauderdale Beach Resort in April 2022 and Lake Austin Spa Resort in November 2022 (collectively, our 2021/2022 Acquisitions accounted for 51.9 million of the increase in rooms revenue. 
 
 The following are key hotel operating statistics for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The 2021 operating statistics reflect the period in 2021 comparable to our ownership period in 2022 for our 2021/2022 Acquisitions. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change Occupancy 68.3 51.5 16.8 ADR 286.50 250.73 14.3 RevPAR 195.69 129.18 51.5 

Food and beverage revenues increased 120.5 million from the year ended December 31, 2021 to the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily due to increases in occupancy which resulted in an increase in outside the room spend at our hotels. Additionally, our 2021/2022 Acquisitions contributed 16.9 million to the increase in food and beverage revenues. 
 
 Other revenues, which primarily represent spa, parking, resort fees and attrition and cancellation fees, increased 31.7 million from the year ended December 31, 2021 to the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily due to increases in occupancy as our hotels continued to recover from the COVID-19 pandemic, as well as increases in resort fees, spa revenues, and attrition and cancellation fees. Additionally, our 2021/2022 Acquisitions contributed 9.9 million to the increase in other revenues. 
 
 Hotel operating expenses. The operating expenses consisted of the following (in millions): 
 -50- 

Tabl e of Contents 

 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change Rooms departmental expenses 163.1 102.2 59.6 Food and beverage departmental expenses 163.6 89.8 82.2 Other departmental expenses 22.8 12.3 85.4 General and administrative 84.4 58.9 43.3 Utilities 23.8 18.3 30.1 Repairs and maintenance 39.3 30.7 28.0 Sales and marketing 63.2 37.7 67.6 Franchise fees 32.7 18.7 74.9 Base management fees 18.6 9.7 91.8 Incentive management fees 4.8 0.5 860.0 Property taxes 33.6 50.5 (33.5) Other fixed charges 34.1 19.4 75.8 Severance costs (0.1) 100.0 Professional fees and pre-opening costs related to Frenchman's Reef 1.4 (100.0) Lease expense (cash and non-cash) 12.8 11.7 9.4 Total hotel operating expenses 696.8 461.7 50.9 
 
 Our hotel operating expenses increased 235.1 million from 461.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 696.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 primarily due to increases in occupancy as our hotels continued to recover from the COVID-19 pandemic and other related operating costs stemming from the timing and extent of the COVID-19 pandemic. Additionally, our 2021/2022 Acquisitions contributed to 58.2 million of the increase in hotel operating expenses. The increase in hotel operating expenses was partially offset by a 5.6 million decrease due to our dispositions of Frenchman's Reef Morning Star Marriott Beach Resort in April 2021 and The Lexington Hotel in June 2021. 
 
 Depreciation and amortization. Depreciation and amortization is recorded on our hotel buildings over 40 years for the periods subsequent to acquisition. Depreciable lives of hotel furniture, fixtures and equipment are estimated as the time period between the acquisition date and the date that the hotel furniture, fixtures and equipment will be replaced. Our depreciation and amortization expense increased 5.9 million from the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily due to our 2021/2022 Acquisitions, as well as the renovations and rebrandings that were completed in 2021 and 2022. 
 
 Impairment losses. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded impairment losses of 2.8 million on the right-to-manage intangible asset related to the rental management agreements acquired as part of our acquisition of Tranquility Bay Beachfront Resort. This impairment was a result of the purchase of four third-party owned units subsequent to the purchase of the hotel. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we recorded impairment losses of 126.7 million related to the dispositions of Frenchman's Reef Morning Star Marriott Beach Resort and The Lexington Hotel. 
 
 Corporate expenses. Corporate expenses principally consist of employee-related costs, including base payroll, bonus, restricted stock and severance. Corporate expenses also include corporate operating costs, professional fees and directors fees. Our corporate expenses decreased 0.8 million, from 32.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 31.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The decrease is primarily due to a decrease in employee-related compensation and other employee-related expenses. 
 
 Business interruption insurance income. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we recognized 0.5 million and 0.7 million, respectively, of business interruption insurance income related to the Caldor wildfires at The Landing Lake Tahoe Resort Spa, which caused the hotel to be closed for 21 days in 2021. 
 
 Interest expense. Our interest expense increased 1.3 million from 37.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 38.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, and was comprised of the following (in millions): 
 -51- 

Tabl e of Contents 

 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Mortgage debt interest 23.3 24.9 Term loan interest 21.2 14.8 Credit facility interest and unused fees 5.3 2.4 Amortization of debt issuance costs and debt premium 2.4 2.6 Interest rate swap mark-to-market (13.9) (7.7) 38.3 37.0 
 
 The increase in interest expense is primarily related to the increase in term loan interest due to rising interest rates, partially offset by the mark-to-market of our interest rate swaps. 
 
 Loss on early extinguishment of debt. On September 27, 2022, we refinanced our senior unsecured credit facility and unsecured term loans. As a result, we recognized a 9.7 million loss on early extinguishment of debt related to the write-off of certain unamortized debt issuance costs and fees paid to the lenders in consideration for our refinancing. We also recognized 0.1 million of loss on early extinguishment of debt related to the write-off of certain unamortized debt issues costs related to the payoff of four mortgage loans during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Income taxes. We recorded income tax expense of 2.6 million in 2022 and 3.3 million in 2021. The 2022 income tax expense was incurred on the 11.6 million pre-tax income of our TRSs. The 2022 income tax provision includes a change in our valuation allowance of 3.9 million. The 2021 income tax provision includes a change in our valuation allowance of 1.4 million. The valuation allowance was initially recognized based on assessments of our ability to utilize our net operating loss carryforwards in future years. 
 
 Comparison of the Year Ended December 31, 2021 to the Year Ended December 31, 2020 
 
 Our results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021 improved relative to the year ended December 31, 2020 as all but four of our hotels were open for the entire year and the U.S. economy recovered from the impacts of COVID-19, government mandates eased, vaccines were distributed, and travel increased. 
 
 Revenue . Revenue consists primarily of the room, food and beverage and other operating revenues from our hotels, as follows (in millions): 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 2020 Change Rooms 399.1 196.7 102.8 Food and beverage 117.7 68.6 71.7 Other 50.3 34.2 47.1 Total revenues 567.1 299.5 89.3 
 
 Our total revenues increased 267.6 million from 299.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 to 567.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 The following are key hotel operating statistics for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. The 2020 amounts reflect the period in 2020 comparable to our ownership period in 2021 for our dispositions of Frenchman's Reef and The Lexington Hotel and the acquisitions of the Bourbon Orleans Hotel, Henderson Park Inn, and Henderson Beach Resort. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 2020 Change Occupancy 49.8 28.1 21.7 ADR 237.13 209.10 13.4 RevPAR 118.15 58.83 100.8 
 
 -52- 

Tabl e of Contents 

 Food and beverage revenues increased 49.1 million from the year ended December 31, 2020, primarily due to an increase in outlet revenues. 
 
 Other revenues, which primarily represent spa, parking, resort fees and attrition and cancellation fees, increased 16.1 million from the year ended December 31, 2020, primarily due to an increase in resort fees and parking. 
 
 Hotel operating expenses. The operating expenses consisted of the following (in millions): 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 2020 Change Rooms departmental expenses 102.2 68.6 49.0 Food and beverage departmental expenses 89.8 58.4 53.8 Other departmental expenses 12.3 8.3 48.2 General and administrative 58.9 45.0 30.9 Utilities 18.3 16.0 14.4 Repairs and maintenance 30.7 24.1 27.4 Sales and marketing 37.7 28.7 31.4 Franchise fees 18.7 10.1 85.1 Base management fees 9.7 3.6 169.4 Incentive management fees 0.5 100.0 Property taxes 50.5 54.5 (7.3) Other fixed charges 19.4 17.0 14.1 Severance costs (0.1) 7.6 (101.3) Professional fees and pre-opening costs related to Frenchman's Reef 1.4 1.0 40.0 Lease expense (cash and non-cash) 11.7 11.4 2.6 Total hotel operating expenses 461.7 354.3 30.3 
 
 Our hotel operating expenses increased 107.4 million from 354.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 to 461.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. For the year ended December 31, 2020, we recognized 7.6 million of severance costs at our properties in connection with the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 
 Depreciation and amortization. Our depreciation and amortization expense decreased 11.8 million from the year ended December 31, 2020. This is primarily due to the timing of fully depreciated capital expenditures and the sale of The Lexington Hotel on June 30, 2021. 
 
 Impairment losses. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we recorded impairment losses of 11.5 million related to Frenchman's Reef, which was sold on April 30, 2021, and 115.2 million related to The Lexington Hotel, which was sold on June 30, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2020, we recorded an impairment loss of 174.1 million related to Frenchman's Reef. 
 
 Corporate expenses. Corporate expenses principally consist of employee-related costs, including base payroll, bonus and restricted stock. Corporate expenses also include corporate operating costs, professional fees and directors fees. Our corporate expenses increased 5.2 million, from 27.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 to 32.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase is primarily due to an increase in employee-related compensation and other employee-related expenses. 
 
 Business interruption insurance income. For the year ended December 31, 2021, we recognized 0.7 million of business interruption insurance income related to the Caldor wildfires at The Landing Lake Tahoe Resort Spa, which caused the hotel to be closed for 21 days. For the year ended December 31, 2020, we recognized 2.2 million of business interruption insurance income related to lost revenue at the Westin Boston Seaport District due to the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 
 Interest expense. Our interest expense was 37.0 million and 54.0 million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, respectively, and is comprised of the following (in millions): 
 -53- 

Tabl e of Contents 

 Year Ended December 31, 2021 2020 Mortgage debt interest 24.9 26.2 Term loan interest 14.8 13.4 Credit facility interest and unused fees 2.4 4.5 Amortization of debt issuance costs and debt premium 2.6 2.0 Capitalized interest (2.1) Interest rate swap mark-to-market (7.7) 10.0 37.0 54.0 
 
 The decrease in interest expense is primarily related to the mark-to-market of our interest rate swaps and lower average outstanding borrowings on our credit facility in 2021, partially offset by the cessation of interest capitalization due to ceasing reconstruction of Frenchman's Reef. 
 
 Income taxes. We recorded income tax expense of 3.3 million in 2021 and income tax benefit of 26.5 million in 2020. The 2021 income tax expense was incurred on the 39.5 million pre-tax income of our TRSs. The 2021 income tax provision includes a valuation allowance of 1.4 million. The 2020 income tax benefit is net of a valuation allowance of 24.9 million. These valuation allowances were recognized based on assessments of our ability to utilize our net operating loss carryforwards in future years. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Our short-term liquidity requirements consist primarily of funds necessary to pay our scheduled debt service, operating expenses, ground lease payments, capital expenditures directly associated with our hotels, any share repurchases, distributions to our common and preferred stockholders, and the cost of acquiring additional hotels. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we repaid four mortgage loans scheduled to mature in 2023 using proceeds from the refinancing of our senior unsecured credit facility and unsecured term loans discussed further below. As a result of these repayments, we have no debt maturities until August 2024. 
 
 Our mortgage debt agreements contain cash trap provisions that are triggered when the hotel s operating results fall below a certain debt service coverage ratio. When these provisions are triggered, all of the excess cash flow generated by the hotel is deposited directly into cash management accounts for the benefit of our lenders until a specified debt service coverage ratio is reached and maintained for a certain period of time. Such provisions do not allow the lender the right to accelerate repayment of the underlying debt. As of December 31, 2022, we had 2.9 million held in cash traps, which is included within the restricted cash on the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. We do not expect that such cash traps will affect our ability to satisfy our short-term liquidity requirements. 
 
 Our long-term liquidity requirements consist primarily of funds necessary to pay for the costs of acquiring additional hotels, renovations and other capital expenditures that need to be made periodically to our hotels, scheduled debt payments, debt maturities, certain redemptions of limited operating partnership units common OP units ), ground lease payments, and making distributions to our common and preferred stockholders. We expect to meet our long-term liquidity requirements through various sources of capital, including cash provided by operations, borrowings, issuances of additional equity, including common OP units, and/or debt securities and proceeds from property dispositions. Our ability to incur additional debt is dependent upon a number of factors, including the state of the credit markets, our degree of leverage, the value of our unencumbered assets and borrowing restrictions imposed by existing lenders. Our ability to raise capital through the issuance of additional equity and/or debt securities is also dependent on a number of factors including the current state of the capital markets, investor sentiment and intended use of proceeds. We may need to raise additional capital if we identify acquisition opportunities that meet our investment objectives and require liquidity in excess of existing cash balances. Our ability to raise funds through the issuance of equity securities depends on, among other things, general market conditions for hotel companies and REITs and market perceptions about us. 
 
 Our Financing Strategy 
 
 Since our formation in 2004, we have been committed to a conservative capital structure with prudent leverage. Our outstanding debt consists of fixed interest rate mortgage debt, unsecured term loans and periodic borrowings on our senior unsecured credit facility. We have a preference to maintain a significant portion of our portfolio as unencumbered assets in 
 -54- 

Tabl e of Contents 

 order to provide balance sheet flexibility. We expect that our strategy will enable us to maintain a balance sheet with an appropriate amount of debt throughout all phases of the lodging cycle. We believe that it is prudent to reduce the inherent risk of highly cyclical lodging fundamentals through a low leverage capital structure. 
 
 We prefer a relatively simple but efficient capital structure. We generally structure our hotel acquisitions to be straightforward and to fit within our capital structure; however, we will consider a more complex transaction, such as the issuance of common OP units in connection with the acquisition of Cavallo Point, The Lodge at the Golden Gate, if we believe that the projected returns to our stockholders will significantly exceed the returns that would otherwise be available. 
 
 We believe that we maintain a reasonable amount of debt. As of December 31, 2022, we had 1.2 billion of debt outstanding with a weighted average interest rate of 4.83 and a weighted average maturity date of approximately 3.4 years. We have limited near-term mortgage debt maturities and 31 of our 35 hotels are unencumbered by mortgage debt. We remain committed to our core strategy of prudent leverage. 
 
 The following table outlines the timing and extent of our debt principal maturities and estimated interest payments for our mortgage debt and unsecured term loans as of December 31, 2022 (in thousands). 
 Principal Interest (1) 
 Total Principal and Interest 2023 9,545 57,375 66,920 2024 82,381 58,970 141,351 2025 595,808 37,814 633,622 2026 29,263 29,263 2027 29,263 29,263 Thereafter 500,000 241 500,241 1,187,734 212,926 1,400,660 
 ______________ 
 (1) The interest expense for our variable rate unsecured term loans is calculated based on the rate as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Information about our financing activities is available in Note 8 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 
 
 ATM Program 
 
 In August 2021, we implemented an at-the-market equity offering program (the ATM Program ), pursuant to which we may issue and sell shares of our common stock from time to time, having an aggregate offering price of up to 200.0 million. We have not sold any shares under the ATM Program. 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 On September 29, 2022, our board of directors approved a share repurchase program authorizing us to repurchase up to 200.0 million of our common stock through February 28, 2025. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we repurchased 1.6 million shares of common stock at an average price of 7.81 per share for an aggregate purchase price of 12.3 million. Information about our share repurchase program is in Note 5 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 
 Short-Term Borrowings 
 
 Other than borrowings under our senior unsecured credit facility, discussed below, we do not utilize short-term borrowings to meet liquidity requirements. 
 
 Senior Unsecured Credit Facility and Unsecured Term Loans 
 
 Prior to September 27, 2022, we were party to a 400 million senior unsecured credit facility expiring in July 2023, a 350 million unsecured term loan maturing in July 2024 and a 50 million unsecured term loan maturing in October 2023. On each of June 9, 2020, August 14, 2020, January 20, 2021 and February 4, 2022, we executed amendments to the credit agreements for our corporate credit facility and term loans. These amendments provided for a waiver of the applicable quarterly 
 -55- 

Tabl e of Contents 

 tested financial covenants beginning with the second quarter of 2020 through the first quarter of 2022 and allowed for certain other modifications to the covenants thereafter through the second quarter of 2023. As of June 30, 2022, we were in compliance with all of the original unmodified financial covenants under the credit agreements for two consecutive quarters and had exited the covenant waiver restrictions. 
 
 On September 27, 2022, we entered into a Sixth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the Amended Credit Agreement ). The Amended Credit Agreement provides for a 400 million senior unsecured revolving credit facility and two term loan facilities in the aggregate amount of 800 million. The revolving credit facility under the Amended Credit Agreement matures on September 27, 2026. We may extend the maturity date of the revolving credit facility for an additional year upon the payment of applicable fees and satisfaction of certain standard conditions. We also have the right to increase the aggregate amount of the facilities to 1.4 billion upon the satisfaction of certain standard conditions. The term loan facilities consist of a 500 million term loan that matures on January 3, 2028 and a 300 million term loan that matures January 3, 2025. The maturity date of the 300 million term loan may be extended for an additional year upon the payment of applicable fees and satisfaction of certain standard conditions. 
 
 We utilized the proceeds from the term loans to repay the 350 million term loan in the prior facility, the 50 million term loan facility that was scheduled to mature in October 2023 and the 150 million that was outstanding on our revolving credit facility. We utilized the proceeds from the Amended Credit Agreement to repay the Westin Washington, D.C. City Center mortgage loan on October 6, 2022, the Salt Lake City Marriott Downtown at City Creek and The Lodge at Sonoma Resort mortgage loans on November 1, 2022 and the Westin San Diego Bayview mortgage loan on December 6, 2022. As a result of these repayments we have no debt maturities until August 2024. 
 
 Additional information about the credit agreements, including a summary of significant covenants, can be found in Note 8 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Sources and Uses of Cash 
 
 We expect that our principal sources of cash will include one or more of the following: net cash flow from hotel operations, sales of our equity and debt securities, debt financings and proceeds from any hotel dispositions. Our principal uses of cash are acquisitions of hotel properties, debt service and maturities, share repurchases, capital expenditures, operating costs, ground lease payments, corporate expenses, and distributions to holders of common stock, common units and preferred stock. As of December 31, 2022, we had 67.6 million of unrestricted corporate cash and 39.6 million of restricted cash, and no outstanding borrowings on our senior unsecured credit facility. 
 
 Our net cash provided by operations was 206.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. Our cash from operations generally consists of the net cash flow from hotel operations, offset by cash paid for corporate expenses and other working capital changes. 
 
 Our net cash used in investing activities was 248.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, which consisted of 67.7 million of capital expenditures and 181.9 million paid for the acquisitions of the Tranquility Bay Beachfront Resort, the subsequent purchase of four third-party owned units at the resort, Kimpton Shorebreak Fort Lauderdale Beach Resort and Lake Austin Spa Resort, offset by 1.0 million of deferred key money received for the Henderson Beach Resort. 
 
 Our net cash provided by financing activities was 74.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, which consisted of proceeds of 800.0 million from unsecured term loans, offset by net repayments of 90.0 million on our senior unsecured credit facility, 400.0 million of repayments of unsecured term loans, 178.1 million of repayments of mortgage loans, 14.6 million of scheduled mortgage debt principal payments, 13.8 million of financing costs related to the amendment and restatement of our credit agreements and the extension of the Salt Lake City Marriott Downtown at City Center mortgage loan, 12.3 million paid to repurchase shares under our share repurchase program, 0.8 million paid to repurchase shares upon the vesting of restricted stock for the payment of tax withholdings obligations, 6.4 million of distributions paid to holders of common stock and common units, and 9.8 million of distributions paid to holders of preferred stock. 
 
 We currently anticipate our significant sources of cash for the year ending December 31, 2023 will be the net cash flow from hotel operations and any potential hotel dispositions. We expect our estimated uses of cash for the year ending December 31, 2023 will be scheduled debt service payments, capital expenditures, distributions to preferred and common stockholders, corporate expenses and potential hotel acquisitions. 
 
 Dividend Policy 
 
 -56- 

Tabl e of Contents 

 We intend to distribute to our stockholders dividends at least equal to our REIT taxable income to avoid paying corporate income tax and excise tax on our earnings (other than the earnings of our taxable REIT subsidiaries, which are all subject to tax at regular corporate rates) and to qualify for the tax benefits afforded to REITs under the Code. In order to qualify as a REIT under the Code, we generally must make distributions to our stockholders each year in an amount equal to at least: 
 
 90 of our REIT taxable income determined without regard to the dividends paid deduction and excluding net capital gains, plus 
 
 90 of the excess of our net income from foreclosure property over the tax imposed on such income by the Code, minus 
 
 any excess non-cash income. 
 
 The timing and frequency of distributions will be authorized by our board of directors and declared by us based upon a variety of factors, including our financial performance, restrictions under applicable law and our current and future loan agreements, our debt service requirements, our capital expenditure requirements, the requirements for qualification as a REIT under the Code and other factors that our board of directors may deem relevant from time to time. 
 
 Our board of directors suspended the quarterly common dividend commencing with the quarterly dividend that would have been paid in April 2020 and resumed quarterly common dividends beginning with the quarterly dividend that was paid in October 2022. We have paid the following dividends to holders of our common stock and distributions to holders of common OP units and LTIP units during 2022 and 2021: 
 Payment Date Record Date Dividend per Share October 12, 2022 September 30, 2022 0.03 January 12, 2023 December 30, 2022 0.06 
 
 We have paid the following dividends to holders of our Series A Preferred Stock during 2020 and 2021, and through the date of this report: 
 Payment Date Record Date Dividend per Share March 31, 2021 March 18, 2021 0.515625 June 30, 2021 June 18, 2021 0.515625 September 30, 2021 September 17, 2021 0.515625 December 31, 2021 December 20, 2021 0.515625 March 31, 2022 March 18, 2022 0.515625 June 30, 2022 June 17, 2022 0.515625 September 30, 2022 September 16, 2022 0.515625 December 30, 2022 December 19, 2022 0.515625 
 
 Capital Expenditures 
 
 The management and franchise agreements for each of our hotels provide for the establishment of separate property improvement reserves to cover, among other things, the cost of replacing and repairing furniture, fixtures and equipment at our hotels and other routine capital expenditures. Contributions to the property improvement fund are calculated as a percentage of hotel revenues. In addition, we may be required to pay for the cost of certain additional improvements that are not permitted to be funded from the property improvement reserves under the applicable management or franchise agreement. As of December 31, 2022, we have set aside 30.6 million for capital projects in property improvement funds, which are included in restricted cash. 
 
 We invested approximately 67.7 million in capital improvements at our hotels during the year ended December 31, 2022. Significant projects in 2022 included the following: 
 
 Hotel Clio : We completed renovations in March 2022 to rebrand the JW Marriott Denver Cherry Creek as the Hotel Clio, a Luxury Collection Hotel. 
 -57- 

Tabl e of Contents 

 Kimpton Hotel Palomar Phoenix : We are in the process of completing a comprehensive rebranding and repositioning of the rooftop bar and pool at the hotel. 
 
 In 2023, we expect to spend 100 million to 115 million on capital improvements at our hotels. Significant projects in 2023 are expected to include the following: 
 
 Hilton Boston Downtown/Faneuil Hall: We have commenced a comprehensive renovation in the fourth quarter of 2022 to reposition the hotel as an experiential lifestyle property with completion expected in mid-2023. 
 Hilton Burlington Lake Champlain: We have commenced a repositioning of the hotel to rebrand it as a Curio Collection hotel. The repositioning is expected to be completed in early 2023 and includes a new restaurant concept by a well-known and award-winning chef. 
 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 
 We use the following non-GAAP financial measures that we believe are useful to investors as key measures of our operating performance: EBITDA, EBITDA re , Adjusted EBITDA, FFO and Adjusted FFO. These measures should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for measures of performance in accordance with U.S. GAAP. EBITDA, EBITDA re , Adjusted EBITDA, FFO and Adjusted FFO, as calculated by us, may not be comparable to other companies that do not define such terms exactly as the Company. 
 
 Use and Limitations of Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 
 Our management and Board of Directors use EBITDA, EBITDA re , Adjusted EBITDA, FFO and Adjusted FFO to evaluate the performance of our hotels and to facilitate comparisons between us and other lodging REITs, hotel owners who are not REITs and other capital intensive companies. The use of these non-GAAP financial measures has certain limitations. These non-GAAP financial measures as presented by us, may not be comparable to non-GAAP financial measures as calculated by other real estate companies. These measures do not reflect certain expenses or expenditures that we incurred and will incur, such as depreciation, interest and capital expenditures. We compensate for these limitations by separately considering the impact of these excluded items to the extent they are material to operating decisions or assessments of our operating performance. Our reconciliations to the most comparable U.S. GAAP financial measures, and our consolidated statements of operations and cash flows, include interest expense, capital expenditures, and other excluded items, all of which should be considered when evaluating our performance, as well as the usefulness of our non-GAAP financial measures. 
 
 These non-GAAP financial measures are used in addition to and in conjunction with results presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP. They should not be considered as alternatives to operating profit, cash flow from operations, or any other operating performance measure prescribed by U.S. GAAP. These non-GAAP financial measures reflect additional ways of viewing our operations that we believe, when viewed with our U.S. GAAP results and the reconciliations to the corresponding U.S. GAAP financial measures, provide a more complete understanding of factors and trends affecting our business than could be obtained absent this disclosure. We strongly encourage investors to review our financial information in its entirety and not to rely on a single financial measure. 
 
 EBITDA, EBITDA re and FFO 
 
 EBITDA represents net income (calculated in accordance with U.S. GAAP) excluding: (1) interest expense; (2) provision for income taxes, including income taxes applicable to sale of assets; and (3) depreciation and amortization. The Company computes EBITDA re in accordance with the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts Nareit guidelines, as defined in its September 2017 white paper Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization for Real Estate. EBITDA re represents net income (calculated in accordance with U.S. GAAP) adjusted for: (1) interest expense; (2) provision for income taxes, including income taxes applicable to sale of assets; (3) depreciation and amortization; (4) gains or losses on the disposition of depreciated property, including gains or losses on change of control; (5) impairment write-downs of depreciated property and of investments in unconsolidated affiliates caused by a decrease in value of depreciated property in the affiliate; and (6) adjustments to reflect the entity's share of EBITDA re of unconsolidated affiliates. 
 
 We believe EBITDA and EBITDA re are useful to an investor in evaluating our operating performance because they help investors evaluate and compare the results of our operations from period to period by removing the impact of our capital structure (primarily interest expense) and our asset base (primarily depreciation and amortization, and in the case of EBITDA re , impairment and gains or losses on dispositions of depreciated property) from our operating results. In addition, covenants included in our debt agreements use EBITDA as a measure of financial compliance. We also use EBITDA and EBITDA re as measures in determining the value of hotel acquisitions and dispositions. 
 -58- 

Tabl e of Contents 

The Company computes FFO in accordance with standards established by the Nareit, which defines FFO as net income determined in accordance with U.S. GAAP, excluding gains or losses from sales of properties and impairment losses, plus real estate related depreciation and amortization. The Company believes that the presentation of FFO provides useful information to investors regarding its operating performance because it is a measure of the Company's operations without regard to specified non-cash items, such as real estate related depreciation and amortization and gains or losses on the sale of assets. The Company also uses FFO as one measure in assessing its operating results. 
 
 Adjustments to EBITDAre and FFO 
 
 We adjust EBITDA re and FFO when evaluating our performance because we believe that the exclusion of certain additional items described below provides useful supplemental information to investors regarding our ongoing operating performance and that the presentation of Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted FFO, when combined with U.S. GAAP net income, EBITDA re and FFO, is beneficial to an investor's complete understanding of our consolidated operating performance. We adjust EBITDA re and FFO for the following items: 
 
 Non-Cash Lease Expense and Other Amortization : We exclude the non-cash expense incurred from the straight line recognition of expense from our ground leases and other contractual obligations and the non-cash amortization of our favorable and unfavorable contracts, originally recorded in conjunction with certain hotel acquisitions. We exclude these non-cash items because they do not reflect the actual cash amounts due to the respective lessors in the current period and they are of lesser significance in evaluating our actual performance for that period. 
 
 Cumulative Effect of a Change in Accounting Principle : The Financial Accounting Standards Board promulgates new accounting standards that require or permit the consolidated statement of operations to reflect the cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle. We exclude the effect of these adjustments, which include the accounting impact from prior periods, because they do not reflect the Company s actual underlying performance for the current period. 
 
 Gains or Losses from Early Extinguishment of Debt : We exclude the effect of gains or losses recorded on the early extinguishment of debt because these gains or losses result from transaction activity related to the Company s capital structure that we believe are not indicative of the ongoing operating performance of the Company or our hotels. 
 
 Hotel Acquisition Costs : We exclude hotel acquisition costs expensed during the period because we believe these transaction costs are not reflective of the ongoing performance of the Company or our hotels. 
 
 Severance Costs : We exclude corporate severance costs, or reversals thereof, incurred with the termination of corporate-level employees and severance costs incurred at our hotels related to lease terminations or structured severance programs because we believe these costs do not reflect the ongoing performance of the Company or our hotels. 
 
 Hotel Manager Transition Items : We exclude the transition items associated with a change in hotel manager because we believe these items do not reflect the ongoing performance of the Company or our hotels. 
 
 Other Items : From time to time we incur costs or realize gains that we consider outside the ordinary course of business and that we do not believe reflect the ongoing performance of the Company or our hotels. Such items may include, but are not limited to the following: pre-opening costs incurred with newly developed hotels; lease preparation costs incurred to prepare vacant space for marketing; management or franchise contract termination fees; gains or losses from legal settlements; costs incurred related to natural disasters; and gains on property insurance claim settlements, other than income related to business interruption insurance. 
 
 In addition, to derive Adjusted FFO we exclude any unrealized fair value adjustments to interest rate swaps. We exclude these non-cash amounts because they do not reflect the underlying performance of the Company. 
 
 The following table is a reconciliation of our U.S. GAAP net income to EBITDA, EBITDA re and Adjusted EBITDA (in thousands): 
 -59- 

Tabl e of Contents 

 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in thousands) Net income (loss) 109,705 (195,405) (396,027) Interest expense 38,283 37,043 53,995 Income tax expense (benefit) 2,607 3,267 (26,452) Real estate related depreciation and amortization 108,849 102,963 114,716 EBITDA 259,444 (52,132) (253,768) Impairment losses 2,843 126,697 174,120 Loss on sale of hotel properties (1) 
 1,659 EBITDA re 
 263,946 74,565 (79,648) Non-cash lease expense and other amortization 6,226 6,673 6,910 Professional fees and pre-opening costs related to Frenchman's Reef (2) 
 1,388 1,012 Uninsured costs related to natural disasters (3) 
 298 Loss on early extinguishment of debt 9,766 Hotel manager transition items 1,164 651 (434) Severance costs (4) 
 (532) (37) 7,648 Adjusted EBITDA 280,570 83,538 (64,512) 
 _______________ 
 (1) During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recognized an incremental loss of 1.7 million due to post-closing adjustments related to hotels sold in 2021. (2) Represents pre-opening costs and professional fees relate to the reopening of Frenchman's Reef, as well as legal an other costs incurred at Frenchman's Reef as a result of Hurricane Irma that are not covered by insurance. (3) Represents costs incurred at the Bourbon Orleans Hotel as a result of Hurricane Ida that were not recovered by insurance. (4) Consists of severance costs incurred, and adjustments thereto, associated with the elimination of positions at our hotels, which are classified within other hotel expenses on the consolidated statement of operations. 

The following table is a reconciliation of our U.S. GAAP net income to FFO, FFO available to common stock and unit holders, and Adjusted FFO available to common stock and unit holders (in thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in thousands) Net income (loss) 109,705 (195,405) (396,027) Real estate related depreciation and amortization 108,849 102,963 114,716 Impairment losses, net of tax 2,843 127,282 174,120 Loss on sale of hotel properties (1) 
 1,659 FFO 223,056 34,840 (107,191) Distributions to preferred stockholders (9,817) (9,817) (3,300) FFO available to common stock and unit holders 213,239 25,023 (110,491) Non-cash lease expense and other amortization 6,226 6,673 6,910 Professional fees and pre-opening costs related to Frenchman's Reef (2) 
 1,388 1,012 Uninsured costs related to natural disasters (3) 
 298 Loss on early extinguishment of debt 9,766 Hotel manager transition items 1,164 651 (434) Gain on property insurance settlement, net of income tax Severance costs (4) 
 (532) (37) 7,648 Fair value adjustments to interest rate swaps (13,914) (7,690) 10,072 Adjusted FFO available to common stock and unit holders 215,949 26,306 (85,283) 
 -60- 

Tabl e of Contents 

 _______________ 
 (1) During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recognized an incremental loss of 1.7 million due to post-closing adjustments related to hotels sold in 2021. (2) Represents pre-opening costs and professional fees relate to the reopening of Frenchman's Reef, as well as legal an other costs incurred at Frenchman's Reef as a result of Hurricane Irma that are not covered by insurance. (3) Represents costs incurred at the Bourbon Orleans Hotel as a result of Hurricane Ida that were not recovered by insurance. (4) Consists of severance costs incurred, and adjustments thereto, associated with the elimination of positions at our hotels, which are classified within other hotel expenses on the consolidated statement of operations. 

Critical Accounting Estimates and Policies 
 
 Our consolidated financial statements include the accounts of DiamondRock Hospitality Company and all consolidated subsidiaries. The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amount of assets and liabilities at the date of our financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. While we do not believe the reported amounts would be materially different, application of these policies involves the exercise of judgment and the use of assumptions as to future uncertainties and, as a result, actual results could differ materially from these estimates. We evaluate our estimates and judgments, including those related to the impairment of long-lived assets, on an ongoing basis. We base our estimates on experience and on various assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. All of our significant accounting policies are disclosed in the notes to our consolidated financial statements. The following represent certain critical accounting policies that require us to exercise our business judgment or make significant estimates: 
 
 Investment in Hotels 
 
 Investment purchases of hotel properties, land, land improvements, building and furniture, fixtures and equipment, lease assets and liabilities, and identifiable intangible assets that are not businesses are accounted for as asset acquisitions and recorded at relative fair value based upon total accumulated cost of the acquisition. Property and equipment purchased after the hotel acquisition date is recorded at cost. 
 
 Identifiable intangible assets are typically related to contracts, including ground lease agreements and hotel management agreements, which are recorded at fair value. Above-market and below-market contract values are based on the present value of the difference between contractual amounts to be paid pursuant to the contracts acquired and our estimate of the fair market contract rates for corresponding contracts. Contracts acquired that are at market do not have significant value. We enter into a hotel management agreement at the time of acquisition and such agreements are generally based on market terms. Intangible assets are amortized using the straight-line method over the remaining non-cancelable term of the related agreements. In making estimates of fair values for purposes of allocating purchase price, we may utilize a number of sources that may be obtained in connection with the acquisition or financing of a property and other market data. Management also considers information obtained about each property as a result of its pre-acquisition due diligence in estimating the fair value of the tangible and intangible assets acquired. 
 
 We review our investments in hotels for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the hotel properties may not be recoverable. Events or circumstances that may cause us to perform a review include, but are not limited to, adverse changes in the demand for lodging at our properties, current or projected losses from operations, and an expectation that the property is more likely than not to be sold significantly before the end of its previously estimated useful life. If such events or circumstances are identified, management performs an analysis to compare the estimated undiscounted future cash flows from operations and the net proceeds from the ultimate disposition of a hotel to the carrying amount of the asset. If the estimated undiscounted future cash flows are less than the carrying amount of the asset, an adjustment to reduce the carrying amount to the related hotels' estimated fair value is recorded and an impairment loss is recognized. The fair value is determined through various valuation techniques, including discounted cash flow models with estimated discount and terminal capitalization rates, comparable market transactions, third-party appraisals, the net sales proceeds from pending offers, or from transactions that closed subsequent to the end of the reporting period. 
 
 Inflation 
 
 Operators of hotels, in general, possess the ability to adjust room rates daily to reflect the effects of inflation. Generally, our management companies may adjust room rates daily, excluding previous contractually committed reservations. However, competitive pressures or other factors may limit the ability of our management companies to raise room rates. Inflation may 
 -61- 

Tabl e of Contents 

 also affect our expenses and cost of capital improvements, including, without limitation, by increasing the costs of labor, employee-related benefits, food, commodities and other materials, taxes, property and casualty insurance and utilities. 
 
 Inflation has increased recently to levels not seen in years. The United States Federal Reserve has raised, and may contine to raise, interest rates in response to concerns about inflation. Increases in interest rates, especially if coupled with reduced government spending and volatility in financial markets, may have the effect of further increasing economic uncertainty, and increasing the cost of new indebtedness and servicing our outstanding variable rate debt. 
 
 Seasonality 
 
 The periods during which our hotels experience higher revenues vary from property to property, depending principally upon location and the customer base served. Accordingly, we expect some seasonality in our business. Volatility in our financial performance from the seasonality of the lodging industry could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 New Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Implemented 
 
 See Note 2 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional information relating to recently issued accounting pronouncements. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 
 Market risk includes risks that arise from changes in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, commodity prices, equity prices and other market changes that affect market sensitive instruments. In pursuing our business strategies, the primary market risk to which we are currently exposed, and, to which we expect to be exposed in the future, is interest rate risk. The face amount of our outstanding debt as of December 31, 2022 was 1.2 billion, of which 575.0 million was variable rate. If market rates of interest on our variable rate debt fluctuate by 100 basis points, interest expense would increase or decrease, depending on rate movement, future earnings and cash flows, by 5.8 million annually. 
 
 We expect that all LIBOR settings relevant to us will cease to be published or will no longer be representative after June 30, 2023. The discontinuation of LIBOR will not affect our ability to borrow or maintain already outstanding borrowings or swaps, but if our contracts indexed to LIBOR, including contracts governing our interest rate swaps, are converted to SOFR, the differences between LIBOR and SOFR, plus the recommended spread adjustment, could result in interest or hedging costs that are higher than if LIBOR remained available. Additionally, although SOFR is the recommended replacement rate, it is also possible that lenders may instead choose alternative replacements that may differ from LIBOR in ways similar to SOFR or in ways that would result in higher interest or hedging costs for us. As of December 31, 2022, all of our variable rate debt and interest rate swaps have been transitioned to SOFR. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 See Index to the Financial Statements on page F-1. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 The Company s management has evaluated, under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )), as required by paragraph (b) of Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act, and our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that as of the end of the period covered by this report, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective to give reasonable assurances that information we disclose in reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (i) is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms and (ii) is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding disclosure. 
 -62- 

Tabl e of Contents 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 There was no change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by paragraph (d) of Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act during the Company s most recent fiscal quarter that materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 The report of our management regarding internal control over financial reporting is set forth on page F-2 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the caption Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Attestation Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 The report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding our internal control over financial reporting is set forth on page F-3 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the caption Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm and incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 
 None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 Not applicable. 
 -63- 

Tabl e of Contents 

 PART III 
 
 The information required by Items 10-14 is incorporated by reference to our proxy statement for the 2023 annual meeting of stockholders (to be filed with the SEC not later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this report) 2023 proxy statement ). 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 Information required by this item is incorporated by reference to our 2023 proxy statement. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to our 2023 proxy statement. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to our 2023 proxy statement. Information regarding our equity plans set forth in Item 5 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 12. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to our 2023 proxy statement. 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to our 2023 proxy statement. 
 
 Our independent public accounting firm is , , PCAOB Auditor ID: . 
 
 -64- 

Tabl e of Contents 

 PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 1. Financial Statements 
 
 Included herein at pages F-1 through F-32. 
 
 2. Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 The following financial statement schedule is included herein on pages F-33 and F-35: 
 
 Schedule III - Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 
 All other schedules for which provision is made in Regulation S-X are either not required to be included herein under the related instructions or are inapplicable or the related information is included in the footnotes to the applicable financial statement and, therefore, have been omitted. 
 
 3. Exhibits 
 
 The following exhibits are included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 (and are numbered in accordance with Item 601 of Regulation S-K): 

Exhibit Number Description of Exhibit 3.1.1 
 Articles of Amendment and Restatement of the Articles of Incorporation of DiamondRock Hospitality Company (incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-11 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 1, 2005 (File no. 333-123065)) 
 3.1.2 
 Amendment to the Articles of Amendment and Restatement of the Articles of Incorporation of DiamondRock Hospitality Company (incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 10, 2007) 
 3.1.3 
 Amendment to the Articles of Amendment and Restatement of the Articles of Incorporation of DiamondRock Hospitality Company (incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 9, 2012) 
 3.1.4 
 Articles Supplementary Prohibiting DiamondRock Hospitality Company From Electing to be Subject to Section 3-803 of the Maryland General Corporation Law Absent Stockholder Approval (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 26, 2014) 
 
 3.1.5 
 Amendment to the Articles of Amendment and Restatement of the Articles of Incorporation of DiamondRock Hospitality Company (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 5, 2016) 
 
 3.1.6 
 Articles of Amendment to the Articles of Amendment and Restatement of the Articles of Incorporation of DiamondRock Hospitality Company (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 13, 2019) 
 3.1.7 
 Articles Supplementary Designating DiamondRock Hospitality Company's 8.250 Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.7 to the Registrant s Form 8-A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 28, 2020 (File No. 001-32514) 
 3.2.1 
 Fourth Amended and Restated Bylaws of DiamondRock Hospitality Company (incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 5, 2016) 
 3.2.2 
 First Amendment to the Fourth Amended and Restated Bylaws of DiamondRock Hospitality Company (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 7, 2017) 
 4.1 
 Form of Certificate for Common Stock for DiamondRock Hospitality Company (incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 5, 2010) 
 4.2 
 Form of Specimen Certificate for DiamondRock Hospitality Company's 8.250 Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 28, 2020 (File No. 001-32514) 
 
 -65- 

Tabl e of Contents 

 4.3 
 Description of Securities of DiamondRock Hospitality Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 1, 2021) 
 10.1 
 Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of DiamondRock Hospitality Limited Partnership, dated as of August 28, 2018 (incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 31, 2018) 
 10.2 
 Amendment No. 1 to the Agreement of Limited Partnership of DiamondRock Hospitality Limited Partnership, dated August 28, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 31, 2020) 
 10.3 
 DiamondRock Hospitality Company Deferred Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 8, 2014) 
 
 10.4 
 First Amendment to DiamondRock Hospitality Company Deferred Compensation Plan, approved by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors on December 15, 2014 (incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 27, 2015) 
 10.5 
 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 5, 2010) 
 10.6 
 Form of Market Stock Unit Agreement (incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 9, 2010) 
 10.7 
 Relative TSR Performance Stock Unit Agreement (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 25, 2014) 
 
 10.8 
 Form of Deferred Stock Unit Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 5, 2010) 
 10.9 
 Form of Director Election Form (incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 5, 2010) 
 10.10 
 Form of Incentive Stock Option Agreement (incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-11 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (File no. 333-123065)) 
 10.11 
 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement (incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-11 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (File no. 333-123065)) 
 10.12 
 Sixth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of September 27, 2022, by and among DiamondRock Hospitality Limited Partnership, DiamondRock Hospitality Company, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent, each of Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, BofA Securities, Inc., U.S. Bank National Association, KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Regions Capital Markets, a Division of Regions Bank, PNC Capital Markets LLC, TD Securities (USA) LLC, Capital One, National Association and BMO Harris Bank, N.A., as Joint Lead Arrangers, each of Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, BofA Securities, Inc., U.S. Bank National Association and TD Securities (USA LLC, as Joint Bookrunners, each of Bank of America, N.A., U.S. Bank National Association and TD Bank, N.A., as Syndication Agents, each of KeyBank National Association, Regions Bank, PNC Bank, National Association, BMO Harris Bank, N.A. and Capital One, National Association, as Documentation Agents, and each of Wells Fargo Bank, National Association and PNC Bank, National Association, as Sustainability Structuring Agents (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 28, 2022) 
 10.13 
 Form of Severance Agreement (and schedule of material differences thereto) (incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 30, 2012) 
 10.14 
 Form of Stock Appreciation Right (incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 6, 2008) 
 10.15 
 Form of Dividend Equivalent Right (incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 6, 2008) 
 10.16 
 Form of Amendment No. 1 to Dividend Equivalent Rights Agreement under the DiamondRock Hospitality Company 2004 Stock Option and Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 30, 2008) 
 10.17 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 16, 2009) 
 10.18 
 Severance Agreement between DiamondRock Hospitality Company and William J. Tennis, dated as of December 16, 2009 (incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 30, 2012) 
 10.19 
 Letter Agreement, dated as of December 9, 2009, by and between DiamondRock Hospitality Company and William J. Tennis (incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 26, 2010) 
 
 -66- 

Tabl e of Contents 

 10.20 
 First Amendment to Severance Agreement between DiamondRock Hospitality Company and William J. Tennis, dated March 12, 2021 (incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 15, 2021) 
 10.21 
 Severance Agreement between DiamondRock Hospitality Company and Troy G. Furbay, dated as of April 9, 2014 (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on From 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 12, 2014) 
 10.22 
 Letter Agreement between DiamondRock Hospitality Company and Thomas G. Healy, dated as of December 21, 2016 (incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 4, 2017) 
 10.23 
 Severance Agreement between DiamondRock Hospitality Company and Thomas G. Healy, dated as of January 17, 2017 (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 5, 2017) 
 10.24 
 DiamondRock Hospitality Company 2016 Equity Incentive Plan, effective as of May 3, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Appendix B to the Registrant's Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 24, 2016) 
 10.25 
 First Amendment to the DiamondRock Hospitality Company 2016 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 26, 2018) 
 10.26 
 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement under the 2016 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 5, 2016) 
 10.27 
 Form of Performance Stock Unit Agreement under the 2016 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 5, 2016) 
 10.28 
 Form of Deferred Stock Unit Award Agreement under the 2016 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 5, 2016) 
 10.29 
 Form of LTIP Unit Award Agreement under the 2016 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 9, 2019) 
 10.30 
 Severance Agreement between DiamondRock Hospitality Company and Jeffrey J. Donnelly, dated as of August 8, 2019 (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 8, 2019) 
 10.31 
 Severance Agreement between DiamondRock Hospitality Company and Justin L. Leonard, effective July 18, 2022 (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 4, 2022) 
 21.1 
 List of DiamondRock Hospitality Company Subsidiaries 23.1 
 Consent of KPMG LLP 31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Required by Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Required by Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 32.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Required by Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Definition Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and with applicable taxonomy extension information contained in Exhibits 101. Exhibit is a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. Filed herewith Furnished herewith 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 -67- 

Tabl e of Contents 

Not applicable. 
 
 -68- 

Tabl e of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Bethesda, State of Maryland, on February 24, 2023. 
 DIAMONDROCK HOSPITALITY COMPANY By: /s/ WILLIAM J. TENNIS Name: William J. Tennis Title: Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Signature Title Date /s/ MARK W. BRUGGER Chief Executive Officer and Director February 24, 2023 Mark W. Brugger (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ JEFFREY J. DONNELLY Executive Vice President and Chief February 24, 2023 Jeffrey J. Donnelly Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) /s/ BRIONY R. QUINN Senior Vice President and Treasurer February 24, 2023 Briony R. Quinn (Principal Accounting Officer) /s/ WILLIAM W. McCARTEN Chairman February 24, 2023 William W. McCarten /s/ TIMOTHY R. CHI Director February 24, 2023 Timothy R. Chi /s/ MICHAEL A. HARTMEIER Director February 24, 2023 Michael A. Hartmeier /s/ KATHLEEN A. MERRILL Director February 24, 2023 Kathleen A. Merrill /s/ WILLIAM J. SHAW Director February 24, 2023 William J. Shaw /s/ BRUCE D. WARDINSKI Director February 24, 2023 Bruce D. Wardinski /s/ TABASSUM S. ZALOTRAWALA Director February 24, 2023 Tabassum S. Zalotrawala 
 -69- 

Tabl e of Contents 

Index to Financial Statements 
 Page Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting F- 2 
 Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm F- 3 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 F- 6 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 F- 7 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 F- 8 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 F- 9 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F- 11 
 Schedule III - Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation as of December 31, 2022 F- 33 

F-1 

Tabl e of Contents 

Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the Company. Internal control over financial reporting refers to the process designed by, or under the supervision of, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, and effected by our board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and includes those policies and procedures that: 
 
 (1) Pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; 
 
 (2) Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and 
 
 (3) Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Internal control over financial reporting cannot provide absolute assurance of achieving financial reporting objectives because of its inherent limitations. Internal control over financial reporting is a process that involves human diligence and compliance and is subject to lapses in judgment and breakdowns resulting from human failures. Internal control over financial reporting also can be circumvented by collusion or improper management override. Because of such limitations, there is a risk that material misstatements may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis by internal control over financial reporting. However, these inherent limitations are known features of the financial reporting process. Therefore, it is possible to design into the process safeguards to reduce, though not eliminate, this risk. 
 
 Management has used the framework set forth in the report entitled Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) published by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission to evaluate the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Management has concluded that the Company's internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. KPMG LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, audited the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 as stated in their report, which appears below. 
 /s/ Mark W. Brugger Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Jeffrey J. Donnelly Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) /s/ Briony R. Quinn Senior Vice President and Treasurer (Principal Accounting Officer) 
 
 February 24, 2023 

F-2 

Tabl e of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Stockholders and Board of Directors 
 DiamondRock Hospitality Company: 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited DiamondRock Hospitality Company and subsidiaries' (the Company) internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and financial statement schedule III (collectively, the consolidated financial statements), and our report dated February 24, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

/s/ KPMG LLP 
 McLean, Virginia 
 February 24, 2023 
 
 F-3 

Tabl e of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Stockholders and Board of Directors 
 DiamondRock Hospitality Company: 
 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of DiamondRock Hospitality Company and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and financial statement schedule III (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, and our report dated February 24, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 
 Evaluation of investments in hotel properties for impairment 
 As discussed in Notes 2 and 3 to the consolidated financial statements, property and equipment, net as of December 31, 2022, was 2,748.5 million, which primarily consists of investments in hotel properties. The Company reviews its investments in hotel properties for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the hotel properties may not be recoverable. If such events or circumstances are identified, management performs an analysis to compare the estimated undiscounted future cash flows from operations and the proceeds from the ultimate disposition of a hotel, to the carrying amount of the hotel property. If the estimated undiscounted future cash flows are less than the carrying amount of the hotel property, an adjustment to reduce the carrying amount to the related hotel s estimated fair value is recorded and an impairment loss is recognized. 
 
 We identified the evaluation of investments in hotel properties for impairment as a critical audit matter. Identifying and evaluating the Company s judgments about events or changes in circumstances that indicate the carrying amount of a hotel property may not be recoverable involved a high degree of auditor judgment. This included judgments regarding the likelihood that a property will be sold significantly before the end of its previously estimated useful life, and the impact of the COVID-19 
 F-4 

Tabl e of Contents 

 pandemic on the recoverability of investments in hotel properties. Changes in these judgments could have a significant impact on the determination of whether the carrying amount of the investments in hotel properties may not be recoverable. 
 
 The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls over the Company s process to identify and evaluate events or changes in circumstances that indicate the carrying amount of investments in hotel properties may not be recoverable, and when applicable, the Company s process to evaluate whether a hotel s carrying amount is recoverable based on its undiscounted future cash flows. We assessed management s assumptions related to the recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic and the likelihood of a potential decrease in expected future cash flows caused by a shortened hold period that may indicate an investment in a hotel property would not be recoverable. We assessed the Company s intent and ability to hold each hotel property by examining documents to assess the Company s plans, if any, to dispose of individual hotel properties. We inquired of Company officials and obtained written representations regarding the status of potential plans, if any, to dispose of individual hotel properties, corroborated the Company s plans with others in the organization who are responsible for, and have the authority over, potential disposition activities. When events or changes in circumstances indicated the carrying amount of a hotel property may not be recoverable, we challenged the methodology and significant assumptions used by the Company to estimate undiscounted future cash flows. 
 
 Fair value of right-to-manage intangible asset 
 
 As discussed in Note 10 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company acquired Tranquility Bay Beachfront Resort for 62.4 million on January 6, 2022, which was accounted for as an asset acquisition. The purchase price in an asset acquisition is allocated to the net assets acquired based on their relative fair values. The Company recognized a right-to-manage intangible asset of 45.2 million at fair value, determined by discounting the estimated future cash flows to the Company associated with the right to manage third-party owned units included in the acquisition. 
 
 We identified the evaluation of the estimated fair value of the right-to-manage intangible asset as a critical audit matter. Subjective auditor judgment was required to evaluate the Company s assumptions related to the estimated life of the asset including renewal periods, the discount rate, and the reversion rate. 
 
 The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls related to the Company s process to estimate the fair value of the right-to-manage intangible asset, including controls related to the assumptions noted above. We inspected the purchase and sale agreement to evaluate that the relevant terms were reflected in the valuation model. We performed a sensitivity analysis over the discount rate and reversion rate assumptions to assess the impact of changes in those assumptions on the Company s determination of fair value. We assessed the useful life including the use of assumed renewal periods by evaluating the expected use of the asset, the expected useful life of other assets to which the intangible asset relates, and the Company s historical experience in renewing or extending similar arrangements. We involved valuation professionals with specialized skills and knowledge, who assisted in evaluating the discount rate and reversion rate assumptions by developing independent expectations of the assumptions using published market data for the hospitality industry. 

/s/ KPMG LLP 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2004. 
 McLean, Virginia 
 February 24, 2023 
 F-5 

Tabl e of Contents 

DIAMONDROCK HOSPITALITY COMPANY 
 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 
 2022 2021 ASSETS Property and equipment, net Right-of-use assets Restricted cash Due from hotel managers Prepaid and other assets Cash and cash equivalents Total assets LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Liabilities: Mortgage and other debt, net of unamortized debt issuance costs Unsecured term loans, net of unamortized debt issuance costs Senior unsecured credit facility Total debt Lease liabilities Due to hotel managers Deferred rent Unfavorable contract liabilities, net Accounts payable and accrued expenses Distributions declared and unpaid Deferred income related to key money, net Total liabilities Equity: Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized: 
 Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock (liquidation preference per share), shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Common stock, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Distributions in excess of earnings ) ) Total stockholders' equity Noncontrolling interests Total equity Total liabilities and equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-6 

Tabl e of Contents 

 DIAMONDROCK HOSPITALITY COMPANY 
 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 
 2022 2021 2020 Revenues: Rooms Food and beverage Other Total revenues Operating expenses: Rooms Food and beverage Other hotel expenses Management fees Franchise fees Depreciation and amortization Impairment losses Corporate expenses Business interruption insurance income ) ) ) Total operating expenses, net Interest (income) and other expense (income), net ) ) Interest expense Loss on early extinguishment of debt Total other expenses, net Income (loss) before income taxes ) ) Income tax (expense) income ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) Less: Net (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interests ) Net income (loss) attributable to the Company ) ) Distributions to preferred stockholders ) ) ) Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders ) ) Earnings (loss) earnings per share: Earnings (loss) per share available to common stockholders basic ) ) Earnings (loss) per share available to common stockholders diluted ) ) Weighted-average number of common shares outstanding: Basic Diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-7 

Tabl e of Contents 

 DIAMONDROCK HOSPITALITY COMPANY 
 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 
 Preferred Stock Common Stock Shares Par Value Shares Par Value Additional Paid-In Capital Distributions in excess of earnings Total Stockholders' Equity Noncontrolling Interests Total Equity Balance at December 31, 2019 ) Distributions on preferred stock per preferred share) 
 ) ) ) Share-based compensation Redemption of common OP units ) ) ) ) Sale of common stock Common stock repurchased and retired ) ) ) ) ) Sale of preferred stock, net of placement fees of 
 Net loss ) ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2020 ) Distributions on preferred stock per preferred share) 
 ) ) ) Share-based compensation Redemption of common OP units ) Net loss ) ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 ) Distributions on common stock/units per common share/unit) 
 ) ) ) ) Distributions on preferred stock per preferred share) 
 ) ) ) Share-based compensation Redemption of common OP units ) Common stock repurchased and retired ) ) ) ) ) Net Income Balance at December 31, 2022 ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-8 

Tabl e of Contents 

 DIAMONDROCK HOSPITALITY COMPANY 
 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income (loss) ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Corporate asset depreciation as corporate expenses Loss on early extinguishment of debt Gain on property insurance settlement Non-cash lease expense and other amortization Non-cash interest rate swap fair value adjustment ) Amortization of debt issuance costs Impairment losses Amortization of deferred income related to key money ) ) ) Share-based compensation Deferred income tax expense ) ) Changes in assets and liabilities: Prepaid expenses and other assets ) ) Due to/from hotel managers ) ) Accounts payable and accrued expenses ) ) Net cash provided (used in) by operating activities ) ) Cash flows from investing activities: Capital expenditures for operating hotels ) ) ) Capital expenditures for Frenchman's Reef reconstruction ) ) Property acquisitions ) ) Proceeds from sale of properties, net Acquisition of interest in the land underlying the Kimpton Shorebreak Resort ) Extension of the Salt Lake City Marriott Downtown ground lease ) Proceeds from property insurance Receipt of deferred key money Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Scheduled mortgage debt principal payments ) ) ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) Proceeds from sale of common stock, net Proceeds from sale of preferred stock, net Proceeds from mortgage debt Repayments of mortgage debt ) ) ) Proceeds from senior unsecured term loans Repayments of senior unsecured term loans ) Draws on senior unsecured credit facility Repayments of senior unsecured credit facility ) ) ) Payment of financing costs ) ) ) Distributions on common stock and units ) ) ) Distributions on preferred stock ) ) ) Redemption of Operating Partnership units ) Shares redeemed to satisfy tax withholdings on vested share-based compensation ) ) ) Net cash provided by financing activities Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) ) Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash beginning of year Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, end of year 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-9 

Tabl e of Contents 

 DIAMONDROCK HOSPITALITY COMPANY 
 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS - (CONTINUED) 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (in thousands) 
 Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow Information: 2022 2021 2020 Cash paid for interest Cash paid (refunded) for income taxes ) Capitalized interest Non-cash Investing and Financing Activities: Unpaid dividends and distributions declared Accrued capital expenditures Transfer of land interest in consideration for extension of ground lease (see Note 4) Redemption of Operating Partnership units for common stock 
 
 The following table provides a reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash reported within the consolidated balance sheets to the amount shown within the consolidated statements of cash flows: 
 2022 2021 2020 Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Total cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-10 

Tabl e of Contents 

 DIAMONDROCK HOSPITALITY COMPANY 
 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

1. 
 
 hotels with rooms, located in the following markets: Atlanta, Georgia; Austin, Texas; Boston, Massachusetts ); Burlington, Vermont; Charleston, South Carolina; Chicago, Illinois ); Denver, Colorado ); Destin, Florida ); Fort Lauderdale, Florida ); Fort Worth, Texas; Huntington Beach, California; Key West, Florida ); Marathon, Florida; New Orleans, Louisiana; New York, New York ); Phoenix, Arizona; Salt Lake City, Utah; San Diego, California; San Francisco, California ); Sedona, Arizona ); Sonoma, California; South Lake Tahoe, California; Washington D.C. ); and Vail, Colorado. 
 
 During 2022, we acquired the Tranquility Bay Beachfront Resort located in Marathon, Florida, the Kimpton Shorebreak Fort Lauderdale Beach Resort located in Fort Lauderdale, Florida, and the Lake Austin Spa Resort located in Austin, Texas. See Note 10 for further discussion of these acquisitions. 
 
 We conduct our business through a traditional umbrella partnership real estate investment trust, or UPREIT, in which our hotel properties are owned by our operating partnership, DiamondRock Hospitality Limited Partnership, or subsidiaries of our operating partnership. The Company is the sole general partner of our operating partnership and owns of the limited partnership units common OP units of our operating partnership as of December 31, 2022. The remaining of the common OP units are held by third parties and executive officers of the Company. See Note 5 for additional disclosures related to common OP units. 
 
 COVID-19 Update 
 
 The novel coronavirus (COVID-19) has had and may continue to have a significant effect on our industry and our business in particular. The demand for lodging materially decreased beginning in March 2020 and remained low throughout 2021. In 2022, demand significantly improved as a result of vaccinations, lifting of governmental restrictions, and overall increase in public demand for leisure travel, among other factors. of our hotels (one of which was sold on June 30, 2021) had suspended operations for a period of time during 2021. As of December 31, 2022, all of our hotels were open. 

2. 

F-11 

Tabl e of Contents 

to years for buildings, land improvements and building improvements and to years for furniture, fixtures and equipment. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of the lease term or the useful lives of the related assets. 
 
 We review our investments in hotel properties for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the hotel properties may not be recoverable. Events or circumstances that may cause a review include, but are not limited to, adverse changes in the demand for lodging at the properties, current or projected losses from operations, and an expectation that the property is more likely than not to be sold significantly before the end of its useful life. If present, management performs an analysis to determine if the estimated undiscounted future cash flows from operations and the proceeds from the ultimate disposition of a hotel, less costs to sell, exceed its carrying amount. If the estimated undiscounted future cash flows are less than the carrying amount of the asset, an adjustment to reduce the carrying amount to the related hotel s estimated fair market value is recorded and an impairment loss is recognized. 
 
 We will classify a hotel as held for sale in the period that we have made the decision to dispose of the hotel, a binding agreement to purchase the property has been signed under which the buyer has committed a significant amount of nonrefundable cash and no significant financing or other contingencies exist which could cause the transaction to not be completed in a timely manner. If these criteria are met, we will record an impairment loss if the fair value less costs to sell is lower than the carrying amount of the hotel and related assets and will cease recording depreciation expense. We will classify the assets and related liabilities as held for sale on the balance sheet. 
 
 hotels we sold during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

F-12 

Tabl e of Contents 

million and million, respectively, on our deferred tax assets. 
 
 We have elected to be treated as a REIT under the provisions of the Internal Revenue Code, which requires that we distribute at least 90 of our taxable income annually to our stockholders and comply with certain other requirements. In addition to paying federal and state taxes on any retained income, we may be subject to taxes on built-in gains on sales of certain assets. Our taxable REIT subsidiaries will generally be subject to federal, state, local and/or foreign income taxes. In order for the income from our hotel property investments to constitute rents from real properties for purposes of the gross income tests required for REIT qualification, the income we earn cannot be derived from the operation of any of our hotels. Therefore, we lease each of our hotel properties to wholly owned taxable REIT subsidiaries. 
 
 uncertain tax positions as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

F-13 

Tabl e of Contents 

F-14 

Tabl e of Contents 

of total revenues, of total assets and of the income metric monitored by our chief operating decision maker. 

F-15 

Tabl e of Contents 

3. 
 
 Land improvements Buildings Furniture, fixtures and equipment Construction in progress Less: accumulated depreciation ) ) 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had accrued capital expenditures of million and million, respectively. 

4. 
 
 of our hotels and parking areas. The lease liabilities for our operating leases assume the exercise of all available extension options, as we believe they are reasonably certain to be exercised. Additional information regarding the terms of our ground leases can be found in Note 13. As of December 31, 2022, our operating leases have a weighted-average remaining lease term of and a weighted-average discount rate of . 
 
 Variable lease payments Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of operating lease liabilities 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Less imputed interest ) Total lease liabilities 
 
 F-16 

Tabl e of Contents 

 years to December 31, 2106. In consideration for the extension, we transferred our interest in the land to the majority ground owners and provided a cash payment of million. 

5. 
 
 million shares of common stock, par value per share. Each outstanding share of common stock entitles the holder to vote on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders. Holders of our common stock are entitled to receive dividends out of assets legally available for the payment of dividends when authorized by our board of directors. 
 
 In August 2021, we implemented an at-the-market equity offering program (the ATM Program ), pursuant to which we may issue and sell shares of our common stock from time to time, having an aggregate offering price of up to million. We have sold any shares under the ATM Program. 
 
 In September 2022, our board of directors approved a share repurchase program (the Share Repurchase Program authorizing us to repurchase up to million of our common stock through February 28, 2025. The timing and actual number of shares repurchased will depend on a variety of factors, including price and general business and market conditions. Under the Share Repurchase Program, repurchases can be made from time to time using a variety of methods, including open market purchases or privately negotiated transactions, all in compliance with the rules of the United States Securities and Exchange Commission and other applicable legal requirements. The Share Repurchase Program does not obligate us to acquire any particular amount of shares, and may be suspended or discontinued at any time at our discretion. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we repurchased million shares of common stock at an average price of per share for an aggregate purchase price of million. As of February 24, 2023, we have million of authorized capacity remaining under the Share Repurchase Program. 
 
 Preferred Shares 
 
 We are authorized to issue up to million shares of preferred stock, par value per share. Our board of directors is required to set for each class or series of preferred stock the terms, preferences, conversion or other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to dividends or other distributions, qualifications, and terms or conditions of redemption. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were shares of Series A Cumulative Redeemed Preferred Stock Series A Preferred Stock issued and outstanding with a liquidation preference of per share. On or after August 31, 2025, the Series A Preferred Stock will be redeemable at the Company's option, in whole or in part, at any time or from time to time, for cash at a redemption price of per share, plus accrued and unpaid dividends up to, but not including, the redemption date. 
 
 Operating Partnership Units 
 
 In connection with the acquisition of Cavallo Point in December 2018, we issued common OP units to third parties, otherwise unaffiliated with the Company, at per unit. Each common OP unit is redeemable at the option of the holder. Holders of common OP units have certain redemption rights, which enable them to cause our operating partnership to redeem their units in exchange for cash per unit equal to the market price of our common stock, at the time of redemption, or, at our option, for shares of our common stock on a -for-one basis, subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of stock splits, mergers, consolidations or similar pro-rata share transactions. 
 
 Long-Term Incentive Partnership units LTIP units ), which are also referred to as profits interest units, may be issued to eligible participants under the 2016 Plan (as defined in Note 6 below) for the performance of services to, or for the benefit of, our operating partnership. LTIP units are a class of partnership unit in our operating partnership and will receive, whether vested or not, the same per-unit distributions as the outstanding common OP units, which equal per-share dividends on shares of our common stock. Initially, LTIP units have a capital account balance of zero, do not receive an allocation of operating income (loss), and do not have full parity with common OP units with respect to liquidating distributions. If such parity is reached, vested LTIP units are converted into an equal number of common OP units, and thereafter will possess all of the rights and interests of common OP units, including the right to exchange the common OP units for cash per unit equal to the market price of our common stock, at the time of redemption, or, at our option, for shares of our common stock on a -for-one basis, 
 F-17 

Tabl e of Contents 

 and common OP units held by unaffiliated third parties and executive officers of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. There were and LTIP units outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. All vested LTIP units have reached economic parity with common OP units and have been converted into common OP units. 
 
 Dividends and Distributions 
 
 Our board of directors suspended our quarterly common dividend commencing with the quarterly dividend that would have been paid in April 2020 and resumed quarterly common dividends beginning with the quarterly dividend that was paid in October 2022. 
 
 January 12, 2023 December 30, 2022 
 
 We have paid the following dividends to holders of our Series A Preferred Stock for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and through the date of this report: 
 Payment Date Record Date Dividend per Share March 31, 2021 March 18, 2021 June 30, 2021 June 18, 2021 September 30, 2021 September 17, 2021 December 31, 2021 December 20, 2021 March 31, 2022 March 18, 2022 June 30, 2022 June 17, 2022 September 30, 2022 September 16, 2022 December 30, 2022 December 19, 2022 

6. 
 
 shares of our common stock under our 2016 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2016 Plan ), of which we have issued or committed to issue shares as of December 31, 2022. In addition to these shares, additional shares of common stock could be issued in connection with the performance stock unit awards as further described below. 
 
 Restricted Stock Awards 
 
 Restricted stock awards issued to our officers and employees generally vest over a three to period from the date of the grant based on continued employment. We measure compensation expense for the restricted stock awards based upon the fair market value of our common stock at the date of grant. Compensation expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the vesting period and is included in corporate expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 
 F-18 

Tabl e of Contents 

 Granted Forfeited ) Vested ) Unvested balance at December 31, 2020 Granted Forfeited ) Vested ) Unvested balance at December 31, 2021 Granted Forfeited ) Vested ) Unvested balance at December 31, 2022 
 
 The total unvested restricted stock awards as of December 31, 2022 are expected to vest as follows: during 2023, during 2024, during 2025, and during 2026. As of December 31, 2022, the unrecognized compensation cost related to restricted stock awards was million and the weighted-average period over which the unrecognized compensation expense will be recorded is approximately months. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, we recorded million, million and million, respectively, of compensation expense related to restricted stock awards. The compensation expense recorded for the year ended December 31, 2022 includes the reversal of million of previously recognized compensation expense in connection with the resignation of our former Executive Vice President, Asset Management and Chief Operating Officer, as well as certain other employees. 
 
 Performance Stock Units 
 
 Performance stock units PSUs are restricted stock units that vest three to from the date of grant. Each executive officer is granted a target number of PSUs (the PSU Target Award ). The actual number of shares of common stock issued to each executive officer is based on the Company's achievement of certain performance targets. Under this framework, of the PSUs are based on relative total stockholder return and on hotel market share improvement. The achievement of certain levels of total stockholder return relative to the total stockholder return of a peer group of publicly-traded lodging REITs is measured over a performance period. There is no payout of shares of our common stock if our total stockholder return falls below the th percentile of the total stockholder returns of the peer group. The maximum number of shares of common stock issued to an executive officer is equal to of the PSU Target Award and is earned if our total stockholder return is equal to or greater than the th percentile of the total stockholder returns of the peer group. The number of PSUs earned is limited to of the PSU Target Award if the Company's total stockholder return is negative for the performance period. The improvement in market share for each of our hotels is generally measured over a performance period based on a report prepared for each hotel by STR, Inc., a well-recognized benchmarking service for the hospitality industry. There is no payout of shares of our common stock if the percentage of our hotels with market share improvements is less than . The maximum number of shares of common stock issued to an executive officer is equal to of the PSU Target Award and is earned if the percentage of our hotels with market share improvements is greater than or equal to . 
 
 We measure compensation expense for the PSUs based upon the fair market value of the award at the grant date. Compensation expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the vesting period and is included in corporate expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. The grant date fair value of the portion of the PSUs based on our relative total stockholder return is determined using a Monte Carlo simulation performed by a third-party valuation firm. The grant date fair value of the portion of the PSUs based on hotel market share improvement is the closing price of our common stock on the grant date. 
 F-19 

Tabl e of Contents 

 March 2, 2021 February 22, 2022 August 9, 2022 
 
 Granted Additional units from dividends Vested (1) 
 ) Unvested balance at December 31, 2020 Granted Vested (2) 
 ) Unvested balance at December 31, 2021 Granted Additional units from dividends Vested (3) 
 ) Forfeited ) Unvested balance at December 31, 2022 
 ______________________ 
 (1) The number of shares of common stock earned for the PSUs vested in 2020 was equal to of the PSU Target Award. 
 (2) The number of shares of common stock earned for the PSUs vested in 2021 was equal to of the PSU Target Award. 
 (3) The number of shares of common stock earned for the PSUs vested in 2022 was equal to of the PSU Target Award. 
 
 The remaining unvested PSUs expected to vest as follows: during 2023, during 2024, in 2025 and units during 2026 and 2027. As of December 31, 2022, the unrecognized compensation cost related to the PSUs was million and is expected to be recognized on a straight-line basis over a period of months. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, we recorded approximately million, million, and million, respectively, of compensation expense related to the PSUs. The compensation expense recorded for the year ended December 31, 2022 includes the reversal of million of previously recognized compensation expense in connection with the resignation of our former Executive Vice President, Asset Management and Chief Operating Officer. 
 
 LTIP Units 
 
 LTIP units are designed to offer executives a long-term incentive comparable to restricted stock, while potentially allowing them a more favorable income tax treatment. Each LTIP unit awarded is deemed equivalent to an award of share of common stock reserved under the 2016 Plan. At the time of award, LTIP units do not have full economic parity with common OP units, but can achieve such parity over time upon the occurrence of specified events in accordance with partnership tax rules. 

F-20 

Tabl e of Contents 

 Granted Vested (1) 
 ) Unvested balance at December 31, 2020 Vested (1) 
 ) Unvested balance at December 31, 2021 Granted Vested (1) 
 ) Unvested balance at December 31, 2022 
 ______________________ 
 (1) As of December 31, 2022, all vested LTIP units have achieved economic parity with common OP units and have been converted to common OP units. 
 
 during 2023, during 2024, 2025, and 2026, and during 2027. As of December 31, 2022, the unrecognized compensation cost related to LTIP unit awards was million and the weighted-average period over which the unrecognized compensation expense will be recorded is approximately months. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, we recorded million, million, and million, respectively, of compensation expense related to LTIP unit awards. 

7. 

F-21 

Tabl e of Contents 

 ) ) Dividends declared on unvested share-based compensation Net income (loss) available to common stockholders ) ) Denominator: Weighted-average number of common shares outstanding basic Effect of dilutive securities: Unvested restricted common stock Shares related to unvested PSUs Weighted-average number of common shares outstanding diluted Earnings (loss) per share: Net income (loss) per share available to common stockholders basic ) ) Net income (loss) per share available to common stockholders diluted ) ) 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, of unvested restricted common shares were excluded from diluted weighted-average common shares outstanding, as their effect would be anti-dilutive. For the year ended December 31, 2020, there were unvested restricted common shares excluded from the diluted weighted-average common shares outstanding. For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, and of unvested PSU's, respectively, were excluded from diluted weighted-average common shares outstanding, as their effect would be anti-dilutive. There were unvested restricted common shares or PSUs excluded from the diluted weighted-average common shares outstanding for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 The common OP units held by the noncontrolling interest holders have been excluded from the denominator of the diluted EPS calculation as there would be no effect on the amounts since the common OP units' share of income or loss would also be added or subtracted to derive net income (loss) available to common stockholders. 

8. 

F-22 

Tabl e of Contents 

 (1) 
 January 2023 (2) 
 Westin Washington D.C. City Center mortgage loan January 2023 (3) 
 The Lodge at Sonoma Resort mortgage loan April 2023 (2) 
 Westin San Diego Bayview mortgage loan April 2023 (4) 
 Courtyard New York Manhattan / Midtown East mortgage loan August 2024 
 Worthington Renaissance Fort Worth Hotel mortgage loan May 2025 
 Hotel Clio (formerly JW Marriott Denver Cherry Creek) mortgage loan July 2025 
 Westin Boston Seaport District mortgage loan November 2025 
 Unamortized debt issuance costs ) ) Total mortgage and other debt, net of unamortized debt issuance costs Unsecured term loan LIBOR + (5) (6) 
 October 2023 (7) 
 Unsecured term loan LIBOR + (5) (6) 
 July 2024 (8) 
 Unsecured term loan SOFR + 
 January 2028 
 Unsecured term loan SOFR + 
 January 2025 (9) 
 Unamortized debt issuance costs ) ) Unsecured term loans, net of unamortized debt issuance costs Senior unsecured credit facility SOFR + 
 September 2026 (9) 
 Total debt, net of unamortized debt issuance costs Weighted-Average Interest Rate (10) 
 
 _____________ 
 (1) LIBOR is subject to a floor of . 
 (2) The loan was prepaid on November 1, 2022. 
 (3) The loan was prepaid on October 6, 2022. 
 (4) The loan was prepaid on December 6, 2022. 
 (5) Prior to August 1, 2022, the applicable margin was . 
 (6) LIBOR is subject to to a floor of . 
 (7) The loan was prepaid on September 28, 2022 
 (8) The loan was prepaid on September 27, 2022. 
 (9) Maturity date may be extended for an additional year upon the payment of applicable fees and the satisfaction of certain customary conditions. 
 (10) Weighted-average interest rate as of December 31, 2022 includes effect of interest rate swaps. 

F-23 

Tabl e of Contents 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter 
 
 Mortgage and Other Debt 
 
 We have incurred limited recourse, property specific mortgage debt secured by certain of our hotels. In the event of default, the lender may only foreclose on the pledged assets; however, in the event of fraud, misapplication of funds or other customary recourse provisions, the lender may seek payment from us. As of December 31, 2022, of our hotel properties were secured by mortgage debt. During 2022, we utilized the proceeds from the refinancing of our senior unsecured revolving credit facility and unsecured term loans, as discussed below, to repay our 2023 mortgage loan maturities. On October 6, 2022, we paid off million outstanding on the Westin Washington, D.C. City Center mortgage loan. On November 1, 2022, we paid off million outstanding on the Salt Lake City Marriott Downtown at City Creek mortgage loan and million outstanding on the The Lodge at Sonoma Resort mortgage loan. On December 6, 2022, we paid off million outstanding on the Westin San Diego Bayview mortgage loan. 
 
 Our mortgage debt contains certain property specific covenants and restrictions, including minimum debt service coverage ratios or debt yields that trigger cash trap provisions, as well as restrictions on incurring additional debt without lender consent. Such cash trap provisions are triggered when the hotel s operating results fall below a certain debt service coverage ratio or debt yield. When these provisions are triggered, all of the excess cash flow generated by the hotel is deposited directly into cash management accounts for the benefit of our lenders until a specified debt service coverage ratio or debt yield is reached and maintained for a certain period of time. Such provisions do not provide the lender the right to accelerate repayment of the underlying debt. As of December 31, 2022, we have million held in cash traps, which is included within restricted cash on the accompanying balance sheet. We do not expect that such cash traps affect our ability to satisfy our short-term liquidity requirements. 
 
 Senior Unsecured Credit Facility and Unsecured Term Loans 
 
 Prior to September 27, 2022, we were party to credit agreements (the Credit Agreements that provide for a million senior unsecured credit facility (the Revolving Credit Facility ), which was scheduled to mature in July 2023, a million unsecured term loan that was scheduled to mature in July 2024 (the Facility Term Loan and a million unsecured term loan that was scheduled to mature in October 2023 (the 2023 Term Loan ). The interest rate on the Revolving Credit Facility and unsecured term loans was based upon LIBOR, plus an applicable margin based upon the Company s leverage ratio. In addition to the interest payable on amounts outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility, we were required to pay an amount equal to of the unused portion of the Revolving Credit Facility if the average usage is greater than or of the unused portion of the Revolving Credit Facility if the average usage is less than or equal to . 
 
 On each of June 9, 2020, August 14, 2020, January 20, 2021 and February 4, 2022, we executed amendments (the Amendments to the Credit Agreements. These Amendments provided for a waiver of the quarterly tested financial covenants 
 beginning with the second quarter of 2020 through the first quarter of 2022 (the Covenant Relief Period and allowed for certain other modifications to the covenants thereafter through the second quarter of 2023 (the Ratio Adjustment Period ). During the Covenant Relief Period and the Ratio Adjustment Period, the Amendments also set the applicable interest rate to LIBOR plus a margin of for the Revolving Credit Facility and LIBOR plus a margin of for the Facility Term Loan and 2023 Term Loan. The Amendments also added a LIBOR floor of to the variable interest rate calculation. As of 
 June 30, 2022, we were in compliance with all of the original, unmodified financial covenants under the Credit Agreements for two consecutive quarters, and had exited covenant waiver restrictions. 
 
 On September 27, 2022, we entered into a Sixth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the Amended Credit Agreement ). The Amended Credit Agreement provides for a million senior unsecured revolving credit facility and term loan facilities in the aggregate amount of million. The revolving credit facility under the Amended Credit Agreement matures on September 27, 2026. We may extend the maturity date of the revolving credit facility for an additional year upon the payment of applicable fees and satisfaction of certain standard conditions. We also have the right to increase the aggregate amount of the facilities to billion upon the satisfaction of certain standard conditions. The term loan facilities consist of a 
 F-24 

Tabl e of Contents 

 million term loan that matures on January 3, 2028, and a million term loan that matures January 3, 2025. The maturity date of the million term loan may be extended for an additional year upon the payment of applicable fees and satisfaction of certain standard conditions. 
 
 We utilized the proceeds from the term loans to repay the Facility Term Loan, the 2023 Term Loan, million that was outstanding on our Revolving Credit Facility, and our mortgage loans scheduled to mature in 2023. As a result, we have no debt maturities until August 2024. We recognized a million loss on early extinguishment of debt related to the write-off of certain unamortized debt issuance costs and fees paid to the lenders in consideration for the Amended Credit Agreement. 
 
 Interest is paid on the term loans and the periodic advances on the revolving credit facility at varying rates, based upon the adjusted Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR ), as defined in the Amended Credit Agreement, plus an applicable margin. 

Greater than or equal to 30 but less than 35 
 
 Greater than or equal to 35 but less than 40 
 
 Greater than or equal to 40 but less than 45 
 
 Greater than or equal to 45 but less than 50 
 
 Greater than or equal to 50 but less than 55 
 
 Greater than or equal to 55 

Minimum fixed charge coverage ratio (2) 
 x 
 x Secured recourse indebtedness Less than of Total Asset Value 
 Unencumbered leverage ratio 
 Unencumbered implied debt service coverage ratio x 
 x 
 _____________________________ 
 (1) Leverage ratio is net indebtedness, as defined in the Amended Credit Agreement, divided by total asset value, defined in the Amended Credit Agreement as the value of our owned hotels based on hotel net operating income divided by a defined capitalization rate. 

We incurred interest and unused fees on the Revolving Credit Facility of million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. We incurred interest on the unsecured term loans of million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

9. 
 
 million in cash upon closing, as well as a participation right in the future profits of the hotel once certain return metrics are achieved. Although we expect the profit participation could be meaningful, there can be no assurance that the property will satisfy such return metrics. The Purchase Agreement was a recognized subsequent event to the first quarter of 2021 in accordance with FASB ASC 855, Subsequent Events . Accordingly, we recorded an impairment loss of million during the first quarter of 2021 to adjust the hotel's carrying amount to the contractual consideration. The fair value was determined based on the contractual sales price pursuant to an executed purchase and sale agreement (a Level 2 measurement in the fair value hierarchy). Upon classifying 
 F-25 

Tabl e of Contents 

 million in the second quarter of 2021. 
 
 On June 30, 2021, we sold The Lexington Hotel to an unaffiliated third party for million. During the first quarter of 2021, we evaluated the recoverability of the carrying amount of The Lexington Hotel as a result of our assessment in the first quarter of 2021 that it was more likely than not that the hotel would be sold significantly before the end of its previously estimated useful life. As a result, we recorded an impairment loss of million during the first quarter of 2021 to adjust the hotel's carrying amount to its estimated fair value. The fair value was determined based on the contractual sales price pursuant to an executed purchase and sale agreement (a Level 2 measurement in the fair value hierarchy). Upon classifying The Lexington Hotel as held for sale, we recognized an additional impairment loss of approximately million in the second quarter of 2021. 

10. 
 
 -room Tranquility Bay Beachfront Resort located in Marathon, Florida, for million, including prorations and transaction costs. The acquisition was funded with corporate cash. The acquisition includes income from units owned by third parties that currently participate in the hotel's rental management program and the majority of the intervals in units that are structured as vacation ownership. In March 2022, we entered into agreements to purchase of the third-party owned units for million in aggregate. In connection with the purchase agreements, we evaluated the recoverability of the right-to-manage intangible asset related to the long-term rental agreements ("RMAs"), and as a result, we recorded an impairment loss of million. On March 23, 2022, we closed on the purchase of of the third-party owned units and on April 7, 2022, we closed on the purchase of the remaining third-party owned units. 
 
 We recognized a million right-to-manage intangible asset related to the RMAs that were purchased as part of the acquisition. We estimated the fair value of the right-to-manage intangible using a discounted cash flow model, which calculated a present value of expected future cash flows over the remaining term of agreements, including expected renewal periods, with a discount rate of and reversion rate of . The intangible asset will be amortized over a period of years, which is our estimate of its useful life, inclusive of expected renewal periods. The remaining useful life of this intangible asset as of December 31, 2022 is approximately years. The intangible asset, net of accumulated amortization of million, was million as of December 31, 2022 and is recorded within prepaid and other assets on the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. Amortization expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 totaled million. Amortization expense is expected to be million annually for the remaining useful life of the asset. 
 
 On April 1, 2022, we acquired the -room Kimpton Shorebreak Fort Lauderdale Beach Resort located in Fort Lauderdale, Florida for million, including prorations and transaction costs. The acquisition was funded with corporate cash. 
 
 On November 21, 2022, we acquired the -room Lake Austin Spa Resort located in Austin, Texas for million, including prorations and transaction costs. The acquisition was funded with corporate cash. 

11. 

F-26 

Tabl e of Contents 

 Qualified dividends Series A Preferred Stock Ordinary non-qualified income Qualified dividends Return of capital 
 
 State Foreign Deferred - Federal ) State ) ) Foreign ) Change in valuation allowance ) ) ) Income tax provision (benefit) ) 
 
 ) ) Tax impact of REIT election ) State income tax (benefit) provision, net of federal tax benefit ) ) Foreign income tax expense (benefit) Change in valuation allowance ) Permanent differences ) Other ) ) Income tax provision (benefit) ) 
 
 Deferred income taxes are recognized for temporary differences between the financial reporting bases of assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases and for operating loss and tax credit carryforwards based on enacted tax rates expected to be in effect when such amounts are paid. However, deferred tax assets are recognized only to the extent that it is more likely than not that they will be realizable based on consideration of available evidence, including future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences, projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies. Deferred tax assets are included in prepaid and other assets and deferred tax liabilities are included in accounts payable and accrued expenses on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 
 F-27 

Tabl e of Contents 

 Deferred income Other Depreciation and amortization ) ) Less: Valuation allowance ) ) Federal - Deferred tax assets (liabilities), net ) State Net operating loss carryforwards Deferred income Alternative minimum tax credit carryforwards Other Depreciation and amortization ) ) Less: Valuation allowance ) ) State - Deferred tax assets, net 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had deferred tax assets of million consisting of federal and state net operating loss carryforwards. The state loss carryforwards generally expire in 2032 through 2041 if not utilized by then; however, for certain states some loss carryforwards do not expire. The federal loss carryforwards do not expire. 
 
 We analyze our deferred tax assets for each jurisdiction and record a valuation allowance when we deem it more likely than not that future results will not generate sufficient taxable income to realize the deferred tax assets. As of December 31, 2022, we have a valuation allowance of million on our deferred tax assets as we can no longer be assured that we will be able to realize most of these assets due to uncertainties regarding how long the COVID-19 pandemic will last or what the long-term impact will be on our hotels' operations. 

12. 
 
 Incentive management fees Amortization of deferred income related to key money (1) 
 ) ) ) Amortization of unfavorable contract liabilities ) ) ) Total management fees, net 
 _____________________________ 

F-28 

Tabl e of Contents 

 of our hotels earned incentive management fees for the year ended December 31, 2022. of our hotels earned incentive management fees for the year ended December 31, 2021. of our hotels earned incentive management fees for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 
 Performance Termination Provisions 
 
 Our management agreements provide us with termination rights upon a manager's failure to meet certain financial performance criteria and manager's decision not to cure the failure by making a cure payment. 
 
 Key Money 
 
 Our managers and franchisors have contributed to us certain amounts in exchange for the right to manage or franchise hotels we have acquired and in connection with the completion of certain brand enhancing capital projects. We refer to these amounts as key money. Key money is classified as deferred income in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets and amortized against management fees or franchise fees on the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. During 2022, we received million of key money from Aimbridge Hospitality as a result of the change in manager of the Henderson Beach Resort. During 2021, we received million of key money as a result of the change in manager of the Westin Washington D.C. City Center. 
 
 Franchise Agreements 
 
 We are party to franchise agreements for of our hotels as of December 31, 2022. Pursuant to these franchise agreements, we pay franchise fees based on a percentage of gross room sales, and, under certain agreements, a percentage based on gross food and beverage sales. Further, we pay certain other fees for marketing and reservation services. 
 
 Amortization of deferred income related to key money (1) 
 ) ) ) Total franchise fees, net 
 _____________________________ 

13. 
 
 of our hotels are subject to ground lease agreements that cover all of the land underlying the respective hotel as of December 31, 2022: 
 
 The Embassy Suites by Hilton Bethesda hotel is subject to a ground lease that runs until 2087. There are renewal options. 
 
 The Courtyard New York Manhattan/Fifth Avenue is subject to a ground lease that runs until 2085, inclusive of -year renewal option. 
 F-29 

Tabl e of Contents 

ground leases: one ground lease covers the land under the hotel and the other ground lease covers the portion of the hotel that extends into the adjacent City Creek Center. The term of the ground lease covering the land under the hotel runs through 2106. The term of the ground lease covering the extension into the City Creek Center runs through 2056. 
 
 The Westin Boston Seaport District is subject to a ground lease that runs until 2099. There are renewal options. 
 
 The Hotel Palomar Phoenix is subject to a ground lease that runs until 2085, inclusive of renewal options of each. 
 
 Cavallo Point is subject to a ground lease with the United States National Park Service that runs until 2066. There are renewal options. 
 
 A portion of the parking garage relating to the Worthington Renaissance Fort Worth Hotel is subject to ground leases that cover, contiguously with each other, approximately one-fourth of the land on which the parking garage is constructed. The remainder of the land on which the parking garage is constructed is owned by us in fee simple. Each of the ground leases expired on July 31, 2022 and we are currently holdover tenants on a month-to-month basis. 
 
 A portion of the Hotel Clio (formerly JW Marriott Denver Cherry Creek) is subject to a ground lease that covers approximately square feet. The term of the ground lease runs through December 2030, inclusive of -year renewal options. The lease may be indefinitely extended thereafter in increments. The remainder of the land on which the hotel is constructed is owned by us in fee simple. 
 
 We lease the buildings and sublease the underlying land containing of the rooms at the Orchards Inn Sedona, which expires in 2070, including all extension options. The remainder of the land underlying the hotel is owned by us in fee simple. 
 
 We sublease a parking area near the Bourbon Orleans Hotel. The sublease runs through July 2069. There are renewal options. 
 
 These ground leases generally require us to make rental payments (including a percentage of gross receipts as percentage rent with respect to the Courtyard New York Manhattan/Fifth Avenue, Westin Boston Seaport District, Salt Lake City Marriott, and Cavallo Point ground leases). Most of our ground leases require us to make payments for all charges, costs, expenses, assessments and liabilities, including real property taxes and utilities. Furthermore, these ground leases generally require us to obtain and maintain insurance covering the subject property. 

F-30 

Tabl e of Contents 

 (2) 
 Courtyard New York Manhattan/Fifth Avenue (3) 
 10/2017 - 9/2027 10/2027 - 9/2037 10/2037 - 9/2047 10/2047 - 9/2057 10/2057 - 9/2067 10/2067 - 9/2077 10/2077 - 9/2085 Salt Lake City Marriott (Ground lease for hotel) Through 12/2106 Greater of or of annual gross room sales 
 Salt Lake City Marriott (Ground lease for extension) 1/2018 - 12/2056 (4) 
 Westin Boston Seaport District (5) (Base rent) 
 1/2021 - 12/2025 1/2026 - 12/2030 1/2031 - 12/2035 1/2036 - 5/2099 base rent 
 Westin Boston Seaport District (Percentage rent) 6/2016 - 5/2026 of annual gross revenue 
 6/2026 - 5/2036 of annual gross revenue 
 6/2036 - 5/2046 of annual gross revenue 
 6/2046 - 5/2056 of annual gross revenue 
 6/2056 - 5/2066 of annual gross revenue 
 6/2066 - 5/2099 of annual gross revenue 
 Hotel Clio (formerly JW Marriott Denver Cherry Creek) 1/2021 - 12/2025 1/2026 - 12/2030 (6) 
 Orchards Inn Sedona 7/2018 - 12/2070 (7) 
 Hotel Palomar Phoenix (Base Rent) 4/2022 - 3/2085 (8) 
 Hotel Palomar Phoenix (Government Property Lease Excise Tax) (9) 
 1/2022 - 6/2033 7/2033 - 6/2043 7/2043 - 6/2053 7/2053 - 6/2063 7/2063 - 3/2085 Cavallo Point (Base Rent) 1/2019 - 12/2066 (10) 
 Cavallo Point (11) (Percentage Rent) 
 1/2019 - 12/2023 of adjusted gross revenue over threshold 
 1/2024 - 12/2028 of adjusted gross revenue over threshold 
 1/2029 - 12/2033 of adjusted gross revenue over threshold 
 1/2034 - 12/2066 of adjusted gross revenue over threshold 
 Cavallo Point (12) (Participation Rent) 
 Through 12/2066 of adjusted gross revenue over threshold 
 Bourbon Orleans Hotel parking sublease Through 7/2069 (13) 
 Worthington Renaissance Fort Worth Hotel garage ground lease (14) 
 8/2013 - 7/2022 
 __________ 
 (1) These terms assume our exercise of all renewal options. (2) Represents rent for the year ended December 31, 2022. Rent increases annually by . 
 (3) The total annual rent includes the fixed rent noted in the table plus a percentage rent equal to of gross receipts for each lease year, but only to the extent that of gross receipts exceeds the minimum fixed rent in such lease year. There was no such percentage rent earned during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 (4) Represents rent for the year ended December 31, 2022. Rent increases annually based on the greater of or a Consumer Price Index calculation. 
 (5) Total annual rent under the ground lease is capped at of hotel gross revenues during the initial years of the ground lease. 
 (6) Beginning January 2031, we have the right to renew the ground lease in increments at the prior year's annual rent plus . 
 (7) Represents rent for the year ended December 31, 2022. Rent increases annually in June based on a Consumer Price Index calculation. (8) Represents rent for the year ended March 31, 2023. Rent increases annually each April by . 
 
 F-31 

Tabl e of Contents 

 based on the average of the previous of adjusted gross revenues, as defined in the ground lease, multiplied by . The next base rent reset will be January 2024. 
 (11) Percentage rent is applied to annual adjusted gross revenues, as defined in the ground lease, between million and the participation rent threshold. Base rent is deducted from the percentage rent. 
 (12) Participation rent is applied to annual adjusted gross revenues, as defined in the ground lease, over million plus an annual increase based on a Consumer Price Index calculation beginning January 1, 2020, and every year thereafter through the end of the lease term. 
 (13) Represents rent for the year ending December 31, 2022. Annual rent increases by every . The next rent increase will be January 2027. 
 (14) Each of the ground leases expired on July 31, 2022 and we are currently holdover tenants on a month-to-month basis. 

14. 

_______________ 
 (1) The carrying amount of debt is net of unamortized debt issuance costs. 
 
 The fair value of our debt is a Level 2 measurement under the fair value hierarchy (see Note 2). We estimate the fair value of our debt by discounting the future cash flows of each instrument at estimated market rates. 

1-Month LIBOR January 7, 2019 October 18, 2023 (1) 
 ) Senior unsecured term loans Swap 1-Month LIBOR July 25, 2019 July 25, 2024 (1) 
 ) Senior unsecured term loans Swap 1-Month SOFR December 28, 2022 October 18, 2023 Senior unsecured term loans Swap 1-Month SOFR November 28, 2022 July 25, 2024 ) 
 _______________ 
 (1) On December 12, 2022, we transitioned our existing LIBOR interest rate swaps to SOFR. 
 
 The fair values of the interest rate swap agreements are included in accounts payable and accrued expenses on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The fair value of our interest rate swaps is a Level 2 measurement under the fair value hierarchy. We estimate the fair value of the interest rate swap based on the interest rate yield curve and implied market volatility as inputs and adjusted for the counterparty's credit risk. We concluded the inputs for the credit risk valuation adjustment are Level 3 inputs, however these inputs are not significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety. On February 1, 2023, we entered into additional interest rate swap agreements for an aggregate notional amount of million that will be effective March 1, 2023. 
 
 The carrying value of our other financial instruments approximate fair value due to the short-term nature of these financial instruments. 
 F-32 

Tabl e of Contents 

 DiamondRock Hospitality Company 
 ) 2005 Years Bourbon Orleans Hotel ) 2021 Years Cavallo Point, The Lodge at Golden Gate ) 2018 Years Chicago Marriott Downtown, Magnificent Mile ) 2006 Years Embassy Suites by Hilton Bethesda ) 2004 Years The Gwen Hotel ) 2006 Years Courtyard Denver Downtown ) 2011 Years Courtyard New York Manhattan/Fifth Avenue ) 2004 Years Courtyard New York Manhattan/Midtown East ) ) 2004 Years Havana Cabana Key West ) 2014 Years Henderson Beach Resort ) 2021 Years Henderson Park Inn ) 2021 Years Hilton Boston Downtown/Faneuil Hall ) 2012 Years Hilton Burlington Lake Champlain ) 2012 Years Hilton Garden Inn New York/Times Square Central ) 2014 Years Hotel Clio ) ) 2011 Years Hotel Emblem San Francisco ) 2012 Years Hotel Palomar Phoenix ) 2018 Years The Hythe Vail ) 2005 Years Kimpton Shorebreak Fort Lauderdale Beach Resort ) 2022 Years Kimpton Shorebreak Resort ) 2015 Years Margaritaville Beach House Key West ) 2015 Years Lake Austin Spa Resort ) 2022 Years The Landing Lake Tahoe Resort Spa ) 2018 Years L'Auberge de Sedona ) 2017 Years Orchards Inn Sedona ) 2017 Years Renaissance Charleston Historic District Hotel ) 2010 Years Salt Lake City Marriott Downtown at City Creek ) 2004 Years The Lodge at Sonoma Resort ) 2004 Years Tranquility Bay Beachfront Resort ) 2022 Years Westin Boston Seaport District ) ) 2007 Years Westin Fort Lauderdale Beach Resort ) 2014 Years Westin San Diego Bayview ) 2012 Years Westin Washington D.C City Center ) 2012 Years 
 F-33 

Tabl e of Contents ) 2005 Years Total ) ) 
 
 Notes: 
 
 A) The change in total cost of properties for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 is as follows (in thousands): 
 Balance at December 31, 2019 Additions: Acquisitions Capital expenditures Deductions: Impairment losses ) Dispositions and other Balance at December 31, 2020 Additions: Acquisitions Capital expenditures Deductions: Impairment losses ) Dispositions and other ) Balance at December 31, 2021 Additions: Acquisitions Capital expenditures Deductions: Impairment losses Dispositions and other Balance at December 31, 2022 

B) The change in accumulated depreciation of real estate assets for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 is as follows (in thousands): 
 F-34 

Tabl e of Contents 

 Depreciation and amortization Impairment losses ) Dispositions and other Balance at December 31, 2020 Depreciation and amortization Impairment losses ) Dispositions and other Balance at December 31, 2021 Depreciation and amortization Impairment losses Dispositions and other Balance at December 31, 2022 
 
 C) The aggregate cost of properties for U.S. Federal income tax purposes (in thousands) is approximately as of December 31, 2022. 
 F-35 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 drh_exhibit211x12312022.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 21.1 
 DiamondRock Hospitality Company 
 Subsidiaries 
 Subsidiary Jurisdiction of Organization Bloodstone TRS, Inc. Delaware CPFB Holdings, LLC Delaware CPFB Owner, LLC Delaware CPFB Tenant, LLC Delaware DiamondRock Acquisition, LLC Delaware DiamondRock Alpharetta Owner, LLC Delaware DiamondRock Alpharetta Tenant, LLC Delaware DiamondRock AZ LA Owner, LLC Delaware DiamondRock AZ LA Tenant, LLC Delaware DiamondRock AZ OR Owner, LLC Delaware DiamondRock AZ OR Tenant, LLC Delaware DiamondRock Bethesda General, LLC Delaware DiamondRock Bethesda Limited, LLC Delaware DiamondRock Bethesda Owner Limited Partnership Maryland DiamondRock Bethesda Tenant, LLC Delaware DiamondRock Boston Broad Street Owner, LLC Delaware DiamondRock Boston Broad Street Tenant, LLC Delaware DiamondRock Boston Owner, LLC Delaware DiamondRock Boston Retail Owner, LLC Delaware DiamondRock Boston Tenant, LLC Delaware DRH Bourbon Owner, LLC Delaware DRH Bourbon Tenant, LLC Delaware DiamondRock Burlington Owner, LLC Delaware DiamondRock Burlington Tenant, LLC Delaware DiamondRock Charleston Owner, LLC Delaware DiamondRock Charleston Tenant, LLC Delaware DiamondRock Cherry Creek Owner, LLC Delaware DiamondRock Cherry Creek Tenant, LLC Delaware DiamondRock Chicago Conrad Owner, LLC Delaware DiamondRock Chicago Conrad Tenant, LLC Delaware DiamondRock Chicago Owner, LLC Delaware DiamondRock Chicago Tenant, LLC Delaware DiamondRock DC Holdings, LLC Delaware DiamondRock DC M Street Owner, LLC Delaware DiamondRock DC M Street Tenant, LLC Delaware DiamondRock Denver Downtown Owner, LLC Delaware DiamondRock Denver Downtown Tenant, LLC Delaware DiamondRock East 40th Street NYC Owner Holdings, LLC Delaware DiamondRock East 40th Street NYC Owner, LLC Delaware DiamondRock East 40th Street NYC Tenant, LLC Delaware DiamondRock FL Owner, LLC Delaware DiamondRock FL Tenant, LLC Delaware DiamondRock HB Owner, LLC Delaware 

DiamondRock HB Tenant, LLC Delaware DRH HBR Owner, LLC Delaware DRH HBR Tenant, LLC Delaware DiamondRock Hospitality Limited Partnership Delaware DRH HPI Owner, LLC Delaware DRH HPI Tenant, LLC Delaware DiamondRock Key West North Owner, LLC Delaware DiamondRock Key West North Tenant, LLC Delaware DiamondRock KW South Owner, LLC Delaware DiamondRock KW South Tenant, LLC Delaware DRH Lake Austin Owner, LLC Delaware DRH Lake Austin Tenant, LLC Delaware DiamondRock Manhattan Midtown East Owner, LLC Delaware DiamondRock Manhattan Midtown East Tenant, LLC Delaware DiamondRock PHX Owner, LLC Delaware DiamondRock PHX Tenant, LLC Delaware DRH Riomar Owner, LLC Delaware DRH Riomar Tenant, LLC Delaware DiamondRock Salt Lake Owner, LLC Delaware DiamondRock Salt Lake Tenant, LLC Delaware DiamondRock San Diego Owner, LLC Delaware DiamondRock San Diego Tenant, LLC Delaware DiamondRock SF Sutter Street Owner, LLC Delaware DiamondRock SF Sutter Street Tenant, LLC Delaware DiamondRock Sonoma Owner, LLC Delaware DiamondRock Sonoma Tenant, LLC Delaware DiamondRock Tahoe Owner, LLC Delaware DiamondRock Tahoe Tenant, LLC Delaware DiamondRock Times Square Owner, LLC Delaware DiamondRock Times Square Tenant, LLC Delaware DRH Tranquility, LLC Delaware DiamondRock Vail Owner, LLC Delaware DiamondRock Vail Tenant, LLC Delaware DRH Worthington Owner General, LLC Delaware DRH Worthington Owner Limited, LLC Delaware DRH Worthington Owner Limited Partnership Delaware DRH Worthington Tenant General, LLC Delaware DRH Worthington Tenant Limited, LLC Delaware DRH Worthington Tenant Limited Partnership Delaware 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 drh_exhibit231x12312022.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 23.1 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements (No. 333-258573) on Form S-3 and (Nos. 333-166713, 333-197987 and 333-211191) on Form S-8 of our reports dated February 24, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule III of DiamondRock Hospitality Company and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. 

s KPMG LLP 
 
 McLean, Virginia 
 February 24, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 drh_exhibit311x12312022.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) 
 
 I, Mark W. Brugger, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of DiamondRock Hospitality Company 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 24, 2023 
 s Mark W. Brugger Mark W. Brugger Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 drh_exhibit312x12312022.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer 
 Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) 
 
 I, Jeffrey J. Donnelly, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of DiamondRock Hospitality Company 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 24, 2023 
 s Jeffrey J. Donnelly Jeffrey J. Donnelly Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 drh_exhibit321x12312022.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 Certification 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
 
 The undersigned officers, who are the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of DiamondRock Hospitality Company (the Company ), each hereby certifies to the best of his knowledge, that the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Report to which this certification is attached, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and that the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 s Mark W. Brugger s Jeffrey J. Donnelly 
 Mark W. Brugger 
 Jeffrey J. Donnelly Chief Executive Officer Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer February 24, 2023 February 24, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 drh-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 drh-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 drh-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 drh-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 drh-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

