<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230328_10-K_edgar_data_1321828_0001493152-23-009208.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3072586</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>101007</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>651860</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>794558</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>683373</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>777033</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-009208.hdr.sgml : 20230328
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230328090048
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-009208
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		49
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230328
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230328

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Data Call Technologies
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001321828
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-BUSINESS SERVICES, NEC [7389]
		IRS NUMBER:				300062823
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CA

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-54696
		FILM NUMBER:		23766378

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		700 SOUTH FRIENDSWOOD DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE E
		CITY:			FRIENDSWOOD
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77546
		BUSINESS PHONE:		866-219-2025

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		700 SOUTH FRIENDSWOOD DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE E
		CITY:			FRIENDSWOOD
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77546

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-009208.txt : 20230328

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIESEXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the year ended , 

Commission
file number 

(Exact
Name Of Registrant As Specified In Its Charter) 

(State
 of Incorporation) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer Identification No.) 

, , , 

(Address
 of Principal Executive Offices) 
 
 (ZIP
 Code) 

Registrant s
Telephone Number, Including Area Code: 

Securities
Registered Pursuant to Section 12(g) of The Act: Common Stock, 0.001 

Indicate
if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data
File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (Section 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding
12 months. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act of 1934
during the preceding 12 months, and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained,
to the best of the registrant s knowledge, in the definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part
III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

On
June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of the 109,136,655 shares of common stock held by non-affiliates was approximately 
based on the closing price on June 30, 2022. On March 27, 2023, the Registrant had shares of common stock outstanding. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer (as defined in Rule
12b-2 of the Exchange Act) or a smaller reporting company. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 Accelerated
 filer 
 
 Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

Indicate
whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Item 
 
 Description 
 
 Page 

PART I 

ITEM
 1. 
 
 DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS 
 
 3 
 
 ITEM
 1A. 
 
 RISK FACTORS 
 
 7 
 
 ITEM
 1B. 
 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 13 
 
 ITEM
 2. 
 
 DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY 
 
 13 
 
 ITEM
 3. 
 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 13 
 
 ITEM
 4. 
 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURE 
 
 13 

PART II 

ITEM
 5. 
 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 14 
 
 ITEM
 6. 
 
 SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 
 
 14 
 
 ITEM
 7. 
 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITIONS AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 14 
 
 ITEM
 7A. 
 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURE ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 15 
 
 ITEM
 8. 
 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 16 
 
 ITEM
 9. 
 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 28 
 
 ITEM
 9A. 
 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 28 
 
 ITEM
 9B. 
 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 30 

PART III 

ITEM
 10. 
 
 DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 30 
 
 ITEM
 11. 
 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 31 
 
 ITEM
 12. 
 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 32 
 
 ITEM
 13. 
 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 32 
 
 ITEM
 14. 
 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 32 
 
 ITEM
 15. 
 
 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 33 

2 

PART
I 

Cautionary
Statement regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K of Data Call Technologies, Inc. (hereinafter the Company , the Registrant , we ,
 us , or Data Call includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The Registrant has based these forward-looking
statements on its current expectations and projections about future events. These forward-looking statements are subject to known and
unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions about the Registrant that may cause its actual results, levels of activity, performance
or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied
by such forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may, 
 will, should, could, would, expect, plan, anticipate, 
 believe, estimate, continue, or the negative of such terms or other similar expressions. Factors
that might cause or contribute to such a discrepancy include, but are not limited to, those described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K/A
and in the Registrant s other Securities and Exchange Commission filings. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize,
or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in the forward-looking
statements. For a more detailed discussion of the foregoing risks and uncertainties, see Risk Factors . 

ITEM
1. DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS. Table of Contents 

Data
Call Technologies, Inc. was incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada as Data Call Wireless, Inc. on April 4, 2002, and is sometimes
referred to herein as we , us , our , Data Call or the Company. On
March 1, 2006, we changed our name to Data Call Technologies, Inc. Since our inception, we have been engaged in the business of offering
real-time information/content via digital signage and kiosk networks to our clients, who we consider to be our partners rather than simply
as customers. 

Our
mission is to continue to exponentially grow our offering of our proprietary subscription services by integrating cutting-edge information/content
delivery solutions to and within the control of retail and commercial resellers CMS manufacturers and end-users. Our Company s
services put its clients in control of real-time news, sports, weather and other dynamic content, displayed within one or multiple locations,
spanning from local, regional to global end points, through Digital Signage and Kiosk networks. 

Our
business plan continues to focus on growing our client base by effectively offering this real-time and licensed information/content displayed
through Digital Signage and Kiosk networks, seeking to improve the delivery, security, and variety of information/content services to
the growing Digital Signage and Kiosk community. 

Overview
- What Is Digital Signage? 

You ve
seen Digital Signage, it s everywhere. Whether you re shopping, trying to find your way through the airport, in a taxi, or
even along the highway on your way home, it s there. LED and LCD displays are continually replacing printed marketing materials
such as signs and placards, as well as the old-school whiteboard, for product and corporate branding, marketing and assisted selling.
The appeal of instantly updating product videos and promotional messages on one or thousands of remotely located displays is driving
the adoption of this growing marketing platform. Digital Signage presentations are typically comprised of repeating loops (playlists)
of information used to brand, market or sell the owner s products and services or corporate messaging. But once viewed, this information
becomes repetitive and the viewer tunes it out, resulting in low retention of the client s message. As digital signage has matured,
the characteristics of the digital signage presentations have taken center-stage requiring fresh, relevant and dynamic content mixed
within the marketing messages. Dynamic Content is key. 

Digital
Signage Matures 

We
are experiencing the Digital Signage Industry (back then called connected signage) steadily maturing and Data Call, through its multiple
industry specific relationships, continues its engagement and influence in the direction of the Digital Signage industry. Data Call has
been performing in this space for well over a decade. Our company has staked claim in assisting the industry s birth and maintains
its prime position to enjoy and benefit from this industry s growth. 

3 

Early
on, a business desiring to achieve commercial benefits from the use of digital signage was often confronted by a plethora of hardware
and software solutions, all offering their own standard of what digital signage should be. Typical customers for digital
signage were most-often offered expensive hardware to present digital signage with a very minimalistic content management solution (CMS),
lacking the full package of content with which to build and tailor their systems for their target customer base. 

Those
early adopters of digital signage, often had to realize that their digital signage hardware vendors lacked the acumen to fully provide
best practice of content strategy. The tools to manage content were provided, but not the content. From our inception, Data Call recognized
that early signage providers and their typical customers lacked that key component - the offering of a comprehensive content package. 

As
the cost of platforms supporting infrastructure and digital displays has fallen significantly, digital signage has become more accessible
to a wider range of potential users. Companies in our industry have come to understand, as we have preached since our inception, that
the cost of Data Call s integrated, content-flexible subscription service is extremely cost effective - and licensed for redistribution
over their networks. The benefit that Data Call continues to provide our client base, in the form of ongoing content development, is
expected to continue to provide our customers with desirable user-friendly content and content services. 

The
Need for Speed - Active Content 

Active
and dynamic content is the integral part of digital signage presentations that must be constantly updated with timely and relevant information
to attract and retain target viewers to the products, services, or messaging offered by typical Digital Signage clients. For instance,
a typical presentation may contain ten 15-second loops that provide the primary message of the presentation, but the active dynamic content,
such as that provided by Data Call, is updated with new information constantly throughout the day. Those seeking to add active and dynamic
content to their digital signage presentations are educated and advised to subscribe to Data Call s dynamic content rather than
attempting to illegally cut and paste or scrape broadcast content or RSS Feeds not for commercial
use of others into their digital signage presentation. 

By
integrating Data Call s content as a meaningful component of digital signage presentations, our clients can legally provide the
entertainment and information content necessary to enhance the target customer s information retention without disrupting the core
message of the presentation. Some of the Infotainment categories provided by Data Call include news, sports, weather, financial data,
the latest traffic alerts, among many others. With such a broad range of offerings, our clients have access to this active and dynamic
content they need, regardless of the target customers and market they are addressing. 

Our
Business Opportunities 

Our
many opportunities for client development in the digital signage industry are growing exponentially. While many companies in our industry
have traditionally outsourced all or part of their content creation, Data Call serves as a provider of dynamic active content to clients
on a tailored basis. Whether a client desires general entertainment information for customers, such as news, sports, stock market quotes,
etc. or location-specific content, such as local weather, traffic, etc., our research and experience has validated our long-held mantra
that dynamic content draws and retains our clients target viewers to their digital signage and keeps viewers engaged throughout
the client presentation. 

Since
our inception, management has developed and maintains strong relationships working with the leaders and associations of the digital signage
industry. Collaborative efforts have successfully created, now industry standard, data formats and methods to facilitate the delivery
of our dynamic content more easily and efficiently for integration into most hardware and software products. 

4 

Partners,
Not Customers 

Data
Call s enduring approach to our clients is to build long-lasting partnerships by creating client relationships that we believe
are unique in the digital signage industry. We understand that each client has their own content requirements. In developing dynamic
content for individual digital signage clients, we have identified three content-related factors: (i) reliability; (ii) objectivity;
and (iii) ease of implementation. To address the reliability requirement, we are engaged in multiple license arrangements with the leading
providers of news, weather, sports and financial information, among other client-desired content rather than either: (i) downloading
and repackaging content sourced from the Internet (which may be illegal); or (ii) Scraping RSS feeds from news organizations (which may
come and go at the provider s whim - not to mention this practice is also illegal). 

Licensing
data from these premier providers has also served us by satisfying the second criteria, objectivity. Because it is commonly recognized
that Internet content may often be unreliable, unverifiable and biased, early on, we determined that we could not simply use unfiltered
Internet content for delivery to our clients. Our proper licensing of data facilitates the standard of delivery and implementation by
our client/partners. Data Call does the heavy lifting by taking care of not just the licensing, but the proper formatting of that data
for consumption by the industry utilizing our multiple formats offered. Data Call has understood that it s Digital Signage and
Kiosk clients needed a more complete service than to endeavor the sourcing of active content from multiple vendors. As a result, our
flexible content plans permit our clients to do one stop shopping for all dynamic content requirements by licensing subscriptions
through us. 

We
empower our clients to receive customized dynamic content subscriptions to be displayed in a multitude of ways (banners, tickers, scrolls
or visualizations integrated with the overall presentations). We have created Playlist Ready offerings and produced and
distribute multiple sets of common data layouts in the industry-standard formats such as XML (extensible markup language), JSON (JavaScript
Object Notation), JPEG (Joint Photographic Experts Group), RSS (Rich Site Summary, often called Really Simple Syndication),
 MRSS (Media RSS) and MPEG (Moving Pictures Expert Group). With the advent of HTML5 (5 th version of Hypertext
Markup Language), even more delivery methods have been made available to our clients, many of whom have found any one or a combination
of these formats to be easily integrated into their products. Nevertheless, we have also produced customized data formats and visualizations
to the exact and specific requirements of our clients/partners, which, we believe ensures a higher level of reliability and ease of implementation. 

Market
demand, opportunity and technology converge at a single point in time, and Data Call continues hold its position. Our integrity persistently
builds our business. Digital signage platforms steadily evolve to meet mass market requirements, costs for hardware and software are
falling to the point of becoming commodities and the markets for digital signage are clarifying through historical trial and error. 

Business
Operations 

March
of 2017, we released our Direct Lynk Manager (DLManager) customer portal at the Digital Signage Expo in Las Vegas. The DLManager incorporates
In the Direct Lynk Media platform with major enhancements and options that enable the client to self-serve in a webstore environment.
This is a moderated space that allows proper white glove treatment by our staff that our clients have come to expect and
appreciate. Once the client is comfortable with navigation of the portal, they may then set up multiple groups and displays within their
account for testing results in a demo fashion free of charge. Upon completion of their content selections and distribution points, the
client may purchase the proper number of licenses needed to support their sections through various plans offered within the portal. 

5 

Some
of the current types of data and information, for which a client may subscribe to through the Direct Lynk System, in multiple formats
include: 

Headline
 News - top world and national news headlines; 

Business
 News - top business headlines; 

Financial
 Highlights - world-based financial indicators; 

Entertainment
 News - top entertainment headlines; 

Health/Science
 News - top science/health headlines; 

Strange
 News- latest off-beat news headlines; 

Sports
 Headlines - top sports headlines; 

AP
 News Minute Video 

AP
 This Day In History Videos 

AP
 Entertainment Minute Videos 

Latest
 Sports Lines - latest sports odds for NFL, NBA, NHL, NCAA Football and NCAA Basketball; 

National
 Football League - latest game schedule, and in-game updates; 

National
 Basketball Association - latest game schedule, and in-game updates; 

Major
 league soccer - latest game schedule, and in-game updates; 

National
 Hockey League - latest game schedule, and in-game updates; 

NCAA
 Football - latest game schedule, and in-game updates; 

NCAA
 Men s Basketball - latest game schedule, and in-game updates; 

Professional
 Golf Association top 10 leaders continuously updated throughout the four-day tournament; 

NASCAR
 top 10 race positions updated every 20 laps throughout the race; 

Traffic
 Mapping; 

Animated
 Doppler Radar and Forecast Maps; 

Listings
 of the day s horoscopes; 

Listings
 of the birthdays of famous persons born on each day; 

Health
 and Wellness; 

Listings
 of historical events which occurred on each day in history; and 

Localized
 Traffic and Weather Forecasts. 

We
continually add different types of content per client requests. We provide our DLM services to our clients and other potential customers
through the Internet. All DLM Services are real-time information services providing a wide range of up-to-date information for display.
These services are designed to work concurrently with customers existing digital signage systems. The Direct Lynk Messenger product
has been retired, with DLMedia being sunset this year. The DLManager portal is taking the fore front and has been well received by existing
and new clients. 

Since
our inception in 2002, we have come to deeply understand that this industry provides an exciting platform for advertisers, including
our clients, to promote, inform, educate, and entertain their customers and employees regarding their business products, services, and
corporate communications. Through Digital Signage, and Digital Out of Home (DOOH) businesses can use a single display or a complex, networked
series of displays and video walls to market their products and services directly at their facilities and elsewhere to their customers
and employees in real time. Additionally, because the core of Digital Signage advertising takes place in real time, businesses can change
their marketing and messaging efforts literally from moment to moment and over the course of a day or such other period as they may determine. 

We
believe that the ability of our clients to display in real-time, the information and content we deliver, better allows our clients to
tailor their products, services, advertising and messaging to individual and target-group customers, thereby advertising and offering,
for example, inventory and sales discounts that may be designed to appeal to those individual customers and target customer groups, increasing
sales and revenues. We believe that the benefits of on-site, real-time Digital Signage displays compared to regular print or video advertising
are substantial and include, among other advantages, being able to immediately change digitally-displayed images/advertisements depending
on our client s customers own situation, not simply being restricted by in-store print circulars produced days, weeks or even months
in advance, which may become stale or obsolete prior to or shortly after publication and dissemination. 

We
specialize in enabling our clients to create their own Digital Signage content feeds which are delivered online directly to their chosen,
electronic digital display devices at their various facilities. The only requirements our clients must have are: (i) a supported, third-party
Digital Signage or Kiosk equipment solution - through a CMS or a standalone player, or similar device, which receives the data from our
servers online; and (ii) an Internet connection. Our DLM System is supported by various, readily available third-party systems, varying
in costs from inexpensive monthly cloud-based licenses to much more extensive and expensive content management/playback systems. Our
Systems allow customers to select from their pre-determined data and information subscriptions offered. We enable our clients to also
select location specific content they wish to receive based on how and where their Digital Signage network is configured. 

6 

In
December of 2017 the company completed the arduous task of reconstructing our back-end systems architecture. This task was initialized
to exploit the latest technology advances within our space, utilizing our data center efficiencies to further streamline our processes.
One of the greater culminations of this effort yielded the Data Call API (Application Programming Interface) allowing our enterprise
channel partners to embed our products within their offerings to further widen our reach. 

Data
Call continues to grow its client base through relationships that are gained through industry events such as seminars and trade shows.
Our company has become a leader in syndicated content and custom content development for Digital Signage. Our licensed content is utilized
on thousands of screens in hundreds of deployments. We are truly excited of our continued growth through our resellers, CMS manufacturers
and end users. 

We were dependent upon two major customers, who accounted for approximately
77 our revenues. 

At
December 31, 2022, we had customer/subscribers for our DL Manager, which customers are relatively small, paying cumulatively an average
monthly fee to Data Call. We also have several larger new potential partner/clients that are using our DL Manager products, and we expect
that some or all of them may be expected to become significant clients in the near future. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we
were dependent upon two major customers, who accounted for approximately 77 our revenues. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we
were dependent upon two major customers, who accounted for approximately 76 of our revenues. 

Notwithstanding
the forgoing, based upon recent communications with several potential clients who are volume users and/or wholesale distributors of digital
signage content and content management systems, we believe that during 2022, several new clients will contribute significant revenue
which should materially reduce our reliance on our two major customers to less than 76 . As a result, we believe that that we should
become far less reliant on a few business clients for our source of revenue. However, there can be no assurance that our belief will
prove to be justified or, if justified, that such trend will continue for any future period, if at all. 

Employees 

At
December 31, 2022, we had 2 full-time employees, including our two executive officers. Depending upon our level of our growth, if any,
we expect that we may or will be required to hire additional personnel in the areas of sales and marketing, software design, research
and development and otherwise, during 2022 and continuing into 2022. However, we will be dependent upon revenue growth and profitability,
of which there can be no assurance, to fund any increase in staff. None of our employees are covered by a selective bargaining agreement 

Estimate
Of The Amount Spent On Research And Development Activities 

Since
our inception in April 2002, the majority of our expenditures have been on research and development to create our Direct Lynk Messenger
Systems, including software and hardware development and testing costs. The amount spent on this research and development from inception
through December 31, 2022 is approximately 3,000,000. 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS. Table of Contents 

Investing
in our common stock, while providing investors with an equity ownership interest, involves a high degree of risk, including the potential
loss of all or a significant portion of their investment. Shareholders will be subject to risks inherent in our business relative to,
among other things, general economic and industry conditions, market conditions and competition. The value of the investment may increase
or decrease and could result in a loss, the size and extent of which cannot be predicted. An investor should carefully consider the following
factors as well as other information contained in this annual report on Form 10-K for our year-ended December 31, 2022. 

7 

This
annual report on Form 10-K also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ
materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements because of many factors, including the risk factors described below
and the other factors described elsewhere in this Form 10-K. 

Since
our inception, we have had a history of generating operating losses. However, in the past two calendar years, we have reversed that trend
and have been able to generate positive cash flow from operations. We anticipate being profitable in the near future. We currently expect
to significantly increase our revenues by increasing our client base and/or generating additional revenue streams by offering new and
enhanced products and services. However, there can be no assurance that our plan will be successful, either in whole or in part. If we
fail to grow our revenues, our ability to achieve and fulfill our business plan may be delayed, which could adversely impact our results
of operations. 

Unforeseen
events. 

There
can be no assurance that unforeseen events, such as: (i) the length of time necessary to generate increasing market acceptance of our
DL Manager; (ii) any unexpected material increased development costs; (iii), the general economy in the markets where we offer our DL
Manager. 

We
have competition. 

There
are many different sectors in the Digital Signage industry, including but not limited to (i) content Management providers, (ii) content
Creation services, (III) hardware manufacturers, (iv) network management providers and (v) installation service providers. These sectors
are extremely vas and well capitalized. We are in the content sector within a more specific niche of providing subscriptions of dynamic
content. We provide subscription service of a wide variety of dynamic infotainment to the industry. As the leader in our subsector of
the industry, other companies have attempted to duplicate us and we expect competition to increase in the future. To be competitive,
we must continue to invest significant resources in research and development, sales and marketing and customer support. Few have sufficient
resources to make these investments or are unable to make the technological advances necessary to continue to remain the leader, our
competitive position may suffer. Increased competition could result in price reductions, fewer customer orders, reduced margins and loss
of market share. Our failure to compete successfully against current or future competitors could adversely affect our business and financial
condition. 

We
rely on key management personnel. 

We
are highly dependent upon the services and efforts of key persons, as follows: Tim Vance, our founder and full-time CEO and Chief Operating
Officer. Our ability to operate and implement our business plan is heavily dependent upon the continued services of Mr. Vance to grow
as anticipated, our ability to attract, retain and motivate qualified, newly hired, full and part-time personnel. The loss of Mr. Vance,
in particular, and our inability, in the future to hire and retain qualified sales and marketing, software engineers and additional management
personnel, as needed, could have a material adverse effect on our business and operations. We do not have key man life
insurance on Mr. Vance. 

We
are highly dependent upon our ability to successfully market DL Manager to subscribers. 

We
are dependent on the abilities of our sales and marketing activities to generate new clients for subscriptions to our DL Manager and
to broaden our customer base. While the number of paying subscribers for our DL Manager decreased during December 31, 2022, compared
to December 31, 2021, there can be no assurance that our sales and marketing efforts will be able to market acceptance for our DL Manager
and increase our customer base to a level that will permit continued profitable operations. If our sales and marketing cannot continue
to achieve market acceptance for our DL Manager and increase our customer base to a level that will permit profitable operations. If
our sales and marketing efforts are unable to continue to generate new customers, we may not be able to generate sufficient revenues
to continue with planned research and development on new products and improve our current products. 

8 

Difficult
and volatile conditions in the capital, credit and commodities markets and general economic uncertainty have prompted companies to cut
capital spending worldwide and could continue to affect our business materially adversely. 

Disruptions
in the economy and constraints in the capital markets have caused companies to reduce or delay capital investment. Some of our prospective
customers may cancel or delay spending on the development or roll-out of technology projects with us due to continuing economic uncertainty.
Our financial position, results of operations and cash flow could continue to be materially adversely affected by continuing difficult
economic conditions and significant volatility in the capital. The continuing impact that these factors might have on us, and our business
is uncertain and cannot be predicted at this time. Such economic conditions have accentuated each of the risks we face and magnified
their potential effect on us and our business. The difficult conditions in these markets and the overall economy affect our business
in several ways. For example: 

Market volatility has exerted downward pressure on our stock price, which may make it more difficult for us to raise additional capital
in the future. Economic conditions could continue to result in our customers experiencing financial difficulties or electing to limit
spending because of the declining economy, which may result in decreased revenue for us. 

Difficult economic conditions have adversely affected certain industries, including the automotive and restaurant industries, in which
we have major customers. We could also experience lower than anticipated order levels from current customers, cancellations of existing
but unfulfilled orders, and extended payment terms. Economic conditions could materially impact us through insolvency of our suppliers
or current customers. 

Economic conditions combined with the weakness in the credit markets could continue to lead to increased price competition for our products,
and higher overhead costs as a percentage of revenue. 

If
the markets in which we participate experience further economic downturns or slow recovery, this could continue to negatively impact
our revenue generation, margins and operating expenses, and consequently have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition
and results of operations. If customer demand were to decline further, we might be unable to adjust expense levels rapidly enough in
response to falling demand or without changing the way in which we operate. If revenue were to decrease further and we were unable to
adequately reduce expense levels, we might incur significant losses that could adversely affect our overall financial performance and
the market price of our common stock. 

Potential
future government regulation of the Internet may adversely affect our business. 

We
are dependent upon the Internet in connection with our business operations and the delivery of content for our Direct Lynk Systems. The
United States Federal Communications Commission (the FCC does not currently regulate companies that provide services over
the Internet, as it does common carriers or tele-communications service providers. Notwithstanding the current state of the FCC s
rules and regulations, the potential jurisdiction of the FCC over the Internet is broad and if the FCC should determine in the future
to regulate the Internet, our operations, as well as those of other Internet service providers, could be adversely. Compliance with future
government regulation of the Internet could result in increased costs and because of our limited resources; it would have a material
adverse effect on our business operations and operating results and financial condition. 

9 

We
are dependent on the security of the Internet to serve our customers; any security breaches or other Internet difficulties could adversely
affect our business. 

We
offer most of our services through, the secure transmission of confidential information over public networks are a critical element of
our operations. A party who can circumvent security measures (hacker) could misappropriate proprietary information or cause interruptions
in our operations. If we are unable to prevent unauthorized access to our users information and transactions, our customer relationships
could be irreparably harmed. Although we currently have in place security measures that we feel are adequate to protect our business
and those of our customers, these measures may not prevent future security breaches. Nature s events placed on our systems could
cause our systems to fail or cause our systems to operate at speeds unacceptable to our users, in which event we could lose customers
and experience a material impact on our financial condition. 

We
must rely on other companies to maintain the Internet infrastructure if we hope to be successful. 

Our
future success depends, in large part, on other companies maintaining the Internet system infrastructure, including maintaining a reliable
network backbone that provides adequate speed, data capacity and security. If the Internet continues to experience anticipated significant
growth in the number of users, frequency of use and amount of data transmitted, as well as the number of malicious viruses and worms
introduced onto the Internet by hackers and others, the infrastructure of the Internet may be unable to support the demands placed on
it at any particular time or from time-to-time. Because we rely heavily on the Internet and our limited capital, any disruption of the
Internet could adversely affect us to a greater degree than our competitors and other users of the Internet. 

Our
website and systems are hosted by a third party, and we are vulnerable to disruptions or other events that are beyond our control. 

Our
website and systems are hosted by a third party. We are dependent on our systems ability to distribute information over the Internet
to customers. If our systems fail, it will harm our reputation, resulting in a loss of current and potential future customers and could
cause us to breach existing agreements. Our success depends, in part, on the performance, reliability and availability of our services,
which in turn are dependent on our third-party provider. Our systems and operations could be damaged or interrupted by fire, flood, power
loss, telecommunications failure, Internet breakdown, break-in, earthquake and similar events. We would face significant damage because
of these events. As a result, we may be unable to develop or successfully manage the infrastructure necessary to meet current or future
demands for reliability and scalability of our systems, which would have a negative impact on our business and financial conditions. 

Our
Direct Lynk Systems use sophisticated software which could be found to contain bugs or could be compromised by viruses. While we have
not experienced any material bugs and viruses to date, if such event could occur, it could be costly for us to identify and repair, and
until such bugs or viruses, if any, are fixed, they could cause interruptions in our service, which could cause our reputation to decline
and/or cause us to lose clients. 

Risk
Factors Related to Our Common Stock 

We
are subject to financial reporting and other requirements for which our accounting, other management systems and resources may not be
adequately prepared. 

As
a public company, we incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses, including costs associated with reporting requirements and
corporate governance requirements, including requirements under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010,
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, and rules implemented by the SEC. 

If
we identify significant deficiencies or material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting that we cannot remediate
in a timely manner, investors and others may lose confidence in the reliability of our financial statements, and the trading price of
our common stock and ability to obtain any necessary equity or debt financing could suffer. In addition, if our independent registered
public accounting firm is unable to rely on our internal control over financial reporting in connection with its audit of our financial
statements, and if it is unable to devise alternative procedures in order to satisfy itself as to the material accuracy of our financial
statements and related disclosures, it is possible that we would be unable to file our annual report with the SEC, which could also adversely
affect the trading price of our common stock and our ability to secure any necessary additional financing. 

10 

In
addition, the foregoing regulatory requirements could make it difficult or costly for us to obtain certain types of insurance, including
directors and officers liability insurance, and we may be forced to accept reduced policy limits and coverage or incur
substantially higher costs to obtain the same or similar coverage. The impact of these events could also make it more difficult for us
to attract and retain qualified persons to serve on our board of directors, on board committees or as executive officers. 

Market
prices of our equity securities can fluctuate significantly. 

The
market prices of our common stock may change significantly in response to various factors and events beyond our control, including the
following: 

the
 other risk factors described in this Form 10-K; 

changing
 demand for our products and services and ability to develop and generate sufficient revenues; 

any
 delay in our ability to generate operating revenue or net income; 

general
 conditions in markets we operate in; 

issuance
 of a significant number of shares, whether for compensation under employee stock options, conversion of debt, potential acquisitions,
 additional financing or otherwise. 

There
is only a limited trading market for our common stock. 

Our
Common Stock is subject to quotation on the OTC market. There has only been limited trading activity in our common stock. There can be
no assurance that a more active trading market will commence in our securities as a result of the increasing operations of Data Call.
Further, in the event that an active trading market commences, there can be no assurance as to the level of any market price of our shares
of common stock, whether any trading market will provide liquidity to investors, or whether any trading market will be sustained. 

State
blue sky registration; potential limitations on resale of our securities. 

Our
common stock, the class of the Company s securities that is registered under the Exchange Act, has not been registered for resale
under the Securities Act of 1933 or the blue sky laws of any state. The holders of such shares and persons, who desire
to purchase them in any trading market that might develop in the future, should be aware that there may be significant state blue-sky
law restrictions upon the ability of investors to resell our securities. Accordingly, investors should consider the secondary market
for the Company s securities to be a limited one. 

It
is the intention of the management to seek coverage and publication of information regarding the Company in an accepted publication which
permits a manual exemption. This manual exemption permits a security to be distributed in a particular state without being registered
if the Company issuing the security has a listing for that security in a securities manual recognized by the state. However, it is not
enough for the security to be listed in a recognized manual. The listing entry must contain (1) the names of issuers, officers, and directors,
(2) an issuer s balance sheet, and (3) a profit and loss statement for either the fiscal year preceding the balance sheet or for
the most recent fiscal year of operations. Furthermore, the manual exemption is a nonissuer exemption restricted to secondary trading
transactions, making it unavailable for issuers selling newly issued securities. 

Most
of the accepted manuals are those published in Standard and Poor s, Moody s Investor Service, Fitch s Investment Service,
and Best s Insurance Reports, and many states expressly recognize these manuals. A smaller number of states declare that they recognize
securities manuals but do not specify the recognized manuals. The following states do not have any provisions and therefore do
not expressly recognize the manual exemption: Alabama, Georgia, Illinois, Kentucky, Louisiana, Montana, South Dakota, Tennessee, Vermont,
and Wisconsin. 

11 

Dividends
unlikely on our common stock. 

We
do not expect to pay dividends for the foreseeable future. The payment of dividends, if any, will be contingent upon our future revenues
and earnings, capital requirements and general financial condition. The payment of any dividends will be within the discretion of our
board of directors. It is our intention to retain all earnings for use in our business operations and accordingly, we do not anticipate
that the Company will declare any dividends in the foreseeable future. 

Compliance
with Penny Stock Rules. 

Our
securities will initially be considered a penny stock as defined in the Exchange Act and the rules there under, since the
price of our shares of common stock is less than 5. Unless our common stock is otherwise excluded from the definition of penny
stock, the penny stock rules apply with respect to that particular security. The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer prior
to a transaction in penny stock not otherwise exempt from the rules, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document prepared by the
SEC that provides information about penny stocks and the nature and level of risks in the penny stock market. The broker-dealer also
must provide the customer with current bid and offer quotations for the penny stock, the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson
in the transaction, and monthly account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer s account.
In addition, the penny stock rules require that the broker-dealer, not otherwise exempt from such rules, must make a special written
determination that the penny stock is suitable for the purchaser and receive the purchaser s written agreement to the transaction.
These disclosure rules have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity in the secondary market for a stock that becomes subject
to the penny stock rules. So long as the common stock is subject to the penny stock rules, it may become more difficult to sell such
securities. Such requirements, if applicable, could additionally limit the level of trading activity for our common stock and could make
it more difficult for investors to sell our common stock. 

Shares
eligible for future sale. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Registrant had 157,998,515 shares of common stock issued and outstanding of which 46,861,850 shares are restricted 
as that term is defined under the Securities Act, and in the future may be sold in compliance with Rule 144 under the Securities Act.
Rule 144 generally provides that a person holding restricted securities for a period of six months may sell every three months in brokerage
transactions and/or market-maker transactions an amount equal to the greater of one (1 percent of (a) the Company s issued and
outstanding common stock or (b) the average weekly trading volume of the common stock during the four calendar weeks prior to such sale.
Rule 144 also permits, under certain circumstances, the sale of shares without any quantity limitation by a person who has not been an
affiliate of the Company during the three months preceding the sale and who has satisfied a six-month holding period. However, all of
the current shareholders of the Company owning 5 or more of the issued and outstanding common stock are subject to Rule 144 limitations
on selling. 

The
Nevada Revised Statutes and our articles of incorporation authorize to issue additional shares of common stock and shares of preferred
stock, which preferred stock having such rights, preferences and privileges as our board of directors shall determine. 

Pursuant
to our Articles of Incorporation, as amended and restated, we have authorized capital stock of 490,000,000 shares of common stock and
10,000,000 shares of preferred stock. As of the December 31, 2022, we have 157,998,515 shares of common stock issued and outstanding
and 800,000 shares of preferred A stock issued and outstanding and 10,000 shares of preferred B stock issued and outstanding. Our Board
of Directors has the ability, without shareholder approval; to issue a significant number of additional shares of common stock without
shareholder approval, which if issued would cause substantial dilution to our then common shareholders. Additionally, shares of preferred
stock may be issued by our Board of Directors at their sole discretion and without shareholder approval, in such classes and series,
having such rights, including voting rights and super-majority voting rights, and such preferences and relative, participating, optional
or other special rights, powers and privileges as determined by our Board of Directors from time-to-time. If shares of preferred stock
are issued by our Board of Directors having super-majority voting rights or having conversion rights to convert their preferred stock
into a number of shares of common stock at a ratio of greater that one-for-one, holders of our common stock would be subject to dilution
that may be significant. 

12 

During
the quarter ended September 30, 2014, the Company amended its Articles of Incorporation to authorize 1,000,000 shares of Series B Preferred
Stock, par value 0.001 (the Series B Stock ), 10,000 shares of which were issued to our CEO, Tim Vance. The Series B Stock,
which may be issued in one or more series by the terms of which may be and may include preferences as to dividends and liquidation, conversion,
redemption rights and sinking fund provisions, has the right to vote, in the aggregate, on all shareholder matters, equal to 51 of the
total shareholder vote on all shareholder matters. The Series B Stock is entitled to this super-majority, 51 voting right no matter
how many shares of common stock or other voting stock of Data Call stock is issued and outstanding in the future. The voting rights of
the Series B Stock make a change in control without the approval of Timothy Vance, our CEO, impossible. 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. Table of Contents 

None. 

ITEM
2. DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY. Table of Contents 

Berkenmeir
Properties, LLC., The property changed ownership on February 1, 2014 and the Company and the new owner, Berkenmeier Properties, LLC mutually
agreed to extend the lease for additional years at the same monthly rent of 1,400. The Company still occupies the 700 square feet located
at 700 S. Friendswood Drive, Suite E, Friendswood, TX 77546. We believe that these facilities are sufficient for our present level of
operations including the growth we anticipate during the next twelve months. In the event that we need additional space, we believe that
it will be available in the same property at comparable rates. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. Table of Contents 

None. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURE. Table of Contents 

None. 

13 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. Table of Contents 

Market
Information 

Our
common stock is currently quoted on the OTCQB under the symbol DCLT. Quotation of the Company s securities on the OTCQB limits
the liquidity and price of the Company s common stock more than if the Company s shares of common stock were listed on The
Nasdaq Stock Market or a national exchange. For the periods indicated, the following table sets forth the high and low bid prices per
share of common stock. The below prices represent inter-dealer quotations without retail markup, markdown, or commission and may not
necessarily represent actual transactions. 

Fiscal 2022 
 Fiscal 2021 
 Fiscal 2020 

High 
 Low 
 High 
 Low 
 High 
 Low 
 
 First Quarter ended March 31 
 0.0049 
 0.0049 
 0.0112 
 0.0104 
 0.0112 
 0.0104 
 
 Second Quarter ended June 30 
 0.0066 
 0.0063 
 0.0120 
 0.0104 
 0.0120 
 0.0104 
 
 Third Quarter ended September 30 
 0.0048 
 0.0048 
 0.0110 
 0.0100 
 0.0110 
 0.0100 
 
 Fourth Quarter ended December 31 
 0.0042 
 0.0042 
 0.0070 
 0.0050 
 0.0070 
 0.0050 

As
of December 31, 2022, our shares of common stock were held by approximately 191 stockholders of record. 

Dividends 

The
holders of our Preferred Stock, Series A, are entitled to a dividend of 12 percent annually, subject to conversion into common stock.
The undeclared dividends of this stock are calculated, but have not been recorded. 

Holders
of common stock are entitled to dividends when, as, and if declared by the Board of Directors, out of funds legally available therefore.
We have never declared cash dividends on its common stock and our Board of Directors does not anticipate paying cash dividends in the
foreseeable future as it intends to retain future earnings to finance the growth of our businesses. There are no restrictions in our
articles of incorporation or bylaws that restrict us from declaring dividends. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

On
December 26, 2014, the board of directors approved the Company s 2015 Employee Incentive Plan (the Plan pursuant
to which the Company s board of director or a committee is authorized to issue 25,000,000 shares. 

The
board of director or committee shall determine at any time and from time to time after the effective date of this Plan: 

(i)
the Eligible Participants; 

 (ii)
the number of shares of Common Stock issuable directly or to be granted pursuant to an Option; 

 (iii)
the price per share at which each Option may be exercised or the value per share if a direct issue of stock pursuant to a Stock Award;
and 

 (iv)
the terms on which each Option may be granted. 

Such
determination, as may from time to time be amended or altered at the sole discretion of the board of director or committee. 

ITEM
6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA. Table of Contents 

N.A. 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITIONS AND RESULTS OF OPERATION. Table of Contents 

Results
of Operations during the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 

We
had 553,846 of sales revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to sales revenue of 580,226 for the year ended December
31, 2021, a decrease in sales revenue of 26,380 or approximately a 4.55 decrease from the prior year. We generate revenues through
subscription fees received in connection with our DL Manager and Info Services. Many of our customers discontinued our service because
of the pandemic. Many of our customers provide services to the public. 

We
had total costs of sales for the year ended December 31, 2022 of 188,651 compared to total costs of sales of 216,279 for the year ended
December 31, 2021, or a decrease of 27,628 or about 12.8 of which resulted in a gross margin of 365,195 for the year ended December
31, 2022 or 65.9 , compared to a gross margin of 363,947 or 62.7 for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase in gross margin
of 1,248 from the prior year. Our decrease in gross margin was due a combination of our efforts to decreased costs. 

14 

Cost
of sales as a percentage of sales was 34.1 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 37.3 for the year ended December 31,
2021. As we gain more customers and enter into more service agreements, we anticipate our cost of sales will decrease as we expect to
take advantage of applicable economies of scale. Our operating expenses decreased to 360,416 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared
to operating expenses of 367,166 for the year ended December 31, 2021, a decrease in expenses of 6,750 from the prior period. The decrease
in expenses for the year of 2022 was due to the Company s ongoing efforts to expand its operations in the most cost effective and
efficient means while reducing costs and the cost of stock issued. We had net income of 4,782. The net income was the due to the Company s
efforts to reduce its long-term debt which was accomplished in 2022. The effect of this effort allowed the Company to reclassify its
accrued interest to the net income statement. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

We
had current assets of 87,330 as of December 31, 2022, which consisted of 20,727 in cash, accounts receivable of 65,203 and prepaid
expenses of 1,400. In comparison to December 31, 2021 we had current assets of 81,093 which consisted of 13,817 in cash and 67, 276
in accounts receivables. 

We
had total assets of 92,120 as of December 31, 2022, compared to 86,864 as of December 31, 2021 or an increase of 3,856, which consisted
of current assets of 87,330, total property and equipment (net of accumulated depreciation) of 3,990, which included high end flat
screen televisions, computers and software equipment responsible for running our DL Manager Info Call Services and our Image Library
which are stored in our Friendswood office and other off site locations; and other assets of 800, which included our deposit on our
Friendswood office space. 

We
had total liabilities of 18,845 as of December 31, 2022, compared to 26,367 as of December 31, 2021, a decrease of 7,522 primarily
consisting of accounts payable of 16,710, accounts payable related party of 1,774, and accrued salaries of 361. We had positive working
capital of 68,485 and an accumulated deficit of 9,966,935 as of December 31, 2022. 

Operating
activities provided 7,041 of cash for the year ended December 31, 2022, which was mainly due to net income of 4,782, common stock and
options expense of 7,996, decrease in depreciation expense of 981, an increase in accounts receivables of 2,073, a decrease in accounts
payable of 7,403 and a decrease in prepaid expenses of 1,400. We had investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022, of
 0. 

We
had financing activities of 131 primarily for the pay down of borrowings from related party during 2022 as compared to 2021. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a) (4) (ii) of Regulation
S-K promulgated under the Securities Act of 1934. 

Contractual
Obligations and Commitments 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we did not have any contractual obligations. 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

Our
significant accounting policies are described in the notes to our financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
and are included elsewhere in this annual report. 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURE ABOUT MARKET RISK. Table of Contents 

We
have not entered, and do not expect to enter, financial instruments for trading or hedging purposes. 

15 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. Table of Contents 

Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm PCAOB ID No.: 
 17 
 
 Balance Sheets - December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 18 
 
 Statements of Operations -Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 19 
 
 Statement of Stockholders Equity - Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 20 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows - Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 21 
 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 22 

16 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

 Table of Contents 

To
the Board of Directors and 

 Shareholders
of Data Call Technologies, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Data Call Technologies, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the
related statements of operations, stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December
31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present
fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and the results of its operations
and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

The
critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial
statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters
does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

The
risk of Going Concern was determined to be a critical audit matter due to the Company s past negative cash flows from operations.
As such, the Company evaluated the need for a going concern. 

To
evaluate the appropriateness of the lack of going concern, we examined and evaluated the financial information that was the initial cause
along with management s plans to mitigate the going concern and managements lack of disclosure on going concern. 

/s/

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2013. 

March
28, 2023 

17 

Data
Call Technologies, Inc. 

 Balance
Sheets 

 December
31, 2022 and 2021 

 Table of Contents 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Accounts receivable 

Prepaid Rent 
 
 - 
 
 Total current assets 

Property and equipment 

Less accumulated depreciation and amortization 

Net property and equipment 

Other assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accounts payable - related party 

Accrued salaries - related party 

Total current liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Stockholders equity: 

Preferred stock, par value. Authorized shares: Series A 
 Convertible - shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Preferred stock, par value. Authorized shares: Series B - 
 shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Preferred stock value 

Common stock, par value. Authorized shares: and
 shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

18 

Data
Call Technologies, Inc. 

 Statements
of Operations 

 Years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

 Table of Contents 

2022 
 2021 

Revenues: 

Sales 

Cost of sales 

Gross margin 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 

Depreciation and amortization expense 

Total operating expenses 

Other (income) expenses: 

Interest income 

Gain from the settlement of accrued interest 
 - 

Total expenses 

Net Income (loss) before income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net Income (loss) 

Net Income(loss) per common share basic and diluted: 

Net Income(loss) applicable to common shareholders 

Weighted average common shares: 

Basic 

Diluted 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

19 

Data
Call Technologies, Inc. 

 Statement
of Stockholders Equity 

 Years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

 Table of Contents 

Shares 
 amount 
 shares 
 amount 
 shares 
 amount 
 capital 
 deficit 
 (deficit) 

Preferred Stock A 
 Preferred Stock B 
 Common Stock 
 Additional paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders equity 

Shares 
 amount 
 shares 
 amount 
 shares 
 amount 
 capital 
 deficit 
 (deficit) 
 
 Balance year ended December 31, 2020 

Shares issued for services 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Net Income 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance year ended December 31, 2021 

Balance 

Shares issued for services 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Net Income 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance year ended December 31, 2022 

Balance 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

20 

Data
Call Technologies, Inc. 

 Statements
of Cash Flows 

 Years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

 Table of Contents 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net income (loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net income(loss) to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Shares issued for services 

Depreciation and amortization of property and equipment 

(Increase) decrease in operating assets: 

Accounts receivable 

Prepaid expenses 
 
 - 
 
 Increase (decrease) in operating liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accounts payable - related party 
 - 

Accrued expenses - related party 

Accrued interest-related party 
 - 

Gain from settlement of accrued interest 
 - 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities 

Capital expenditure for equipment 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net cash (used in) investing activities 
 - 
 - 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Principal payment on debt - related party 

Net cash (used in) financing activities 

Net increase (decrease) in cash 

Cash at beginning of year 

Cash at end of year 

Supplemental Cash Flow Information: 

Cash paid for interest 
 - 

Cash paid for taxes 
 - 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

21 

Data
Call Technologies, Inc. 
Notes to Financial Statements 
December 31, 2022 
 Table of Contents 

cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022, or 2021 

as of December
31, 2022 and 2021 as we believe all of our receivables are fully collectable. 

- years) using the straight-line method
for financial reporting purposes and accelerated methods for income tax purposes. Maintenance and repairs are charged to operations as
incurred. 

Net (loss) per common share: 

Basic 

Diluted 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding: 

Basic 

Diluted 

shares of Series A Preferred Stock, par value per share, of which are
outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Preferred Stock may be issued in one or more series, the terms of which may be determined
at the time of issuance by the Board of Directors, without further action by stockholders, and may include voting rights (including the
right to vote as a series on particular matters), preferences as to dividends and liquidation, conversion, redemption rights and sinking
fund provisions. 

Each
share of Series A Preferred Stock shall bear a preferential dividend of twelve percent per year and is convertible into a number
shares of the Company s common stock, par value per share Common Stock based upon Fifty percent of
the average closing bid price of the Common Stock During the ten (10) day period prior to the conversion. The Company has not declared
or accrued any dividends as of December 31, 2022, or 2021. Unaccrued and undeclared dividends were as of December 31, 2022, and
2021, respectively. 

Level
1: Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 

Level
2: Quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that
are not active; and model-derived valuations in which all significant inputs are observable in active markets. 

Level
3: Valuations derived from valuation techniques in which one or more significant inputs are unobservable. 

2021 

restricted shares to Tim Vance, the Company s
CEO, in connection with the execution of a new -year employment agreement; and restricted shares to Gary Woerz, the Company s
CFO, in connection with the execution of a new -year employment agreement. The restricted shares were valued at per share using
the closing price of the stock on the date of grant. Total expense associated with the issuances is calculated at to be recognized
over the -year term of the agreements. The expense recognized in the year ended December 31, 2022, was (2021: ). , annual compensation of per year for services as
CEO, annual compensation of per year for services as CFO. 

As
of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, the total due to management for past accrued salaries is and , respectively. 

As
of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, the total due to management included in accounts payable is and respectively. 

. As of December 31, 2021, the Company had prepaid expenses of 0 . 

- 

Office furniture 

Leasehold improvements 

Property and equipment, gross 

Less accumulated depreciation and amortization 

Net property and equipment 

Tax effect (benefit) of operating loss carryforwards 

Tax expense/(benefit) for continuing operations 
 - 
 - 

The
Company has current net operating loss carryforwards more than as of December 31, 2022, to offset future taxable income, which
expire beginning 2029. 

Valuation allowance 

Net deferred asset 
 - 
 - 

At
December 31, 2022, the Company provided a valuation allowance for the deferred tax asset because it could not be determined whether
it was more likely than not that the deferred tax asset/(liability) would be realized. 

restricted shares to Tim Vance, the Company s
CEO, in connection with the execution of a new -year employment agreement; and restricted shares to Gary Woerz, the Company s
CFO, in connection with the execution of a new -year employment agreement. The restricted shares were valued at per share using
the closing price of the stock on the date of grant. Total expense associated with the issuances is calculated at to be recognized
over the -year term of the agreements. The expense recognized in the year ended December 31, 2022, was (2021: ). , annual compensation of per year for services as
CEO, annual compensation of per year for services as CFO. 

The
Company is authorized to issue up to shares of Series A Preferred Stock, par value per share, of which are
outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Preferred Stock may be issued in one or more series, the terms of which may be determined
at the time of issuance by the Board of Directors, without further action by stockholders, and may include voting rights (including the
right to vote as a series on particular matters), preferences as to dividends and liquidation, conversion, redemption rights and sinking
fund provisions. 

Each
share of Series A Preferred Stock shall bear a preferential dividend of twelve percent per year and is convertible into a number
shares of the Company s common stock, par value per share Common Stock based upon Fifty percent of
the average closing bid price of the Common Stock During the ten (10) day period prior to the conversion. The Company has not declared
or accrued any dividends as of December 31, 2022, or 2021. Unaccrued and undeclared dividends were as of December 31, 2022, and
2021, respectively. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company granted shares of common stock to a consultant for services provided. The stock
was value using the grant date closing price for the Company s stock for a total compensation expense of of which 
was expensed during the year ended December 31, 2022 (2021: ). 

and , respectively. The Company recently agreed
to a rental increase of per month. 

From
time to time, we may be involved in routine legal proceedings, as well as demands, claims and threatened litigation that arise in the
normal course of our business. The ultimate amount of liability, if any, for any claims of any type (either alone or in the aggregate)
may materially and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. In addition, the ultimate outcome of
any litigation is uncertain. Any outcome, whether favorable or unfavorable, may materially and adversely affect us due to legal costs
and expenses, diversion of management attention and other factors. We expense legal costs in the period incurred. We cannot assure you
that additional contingencies of a legal nature or contingencies having legal aspects will not be asserted against us in the future,
and these matters could relate to prior, current or future transactions or events. As of December 31, 2022, there were no pending or
threatened litigation against the Company. 

of its accounts
receivable. As of December 31, 2021, the Company s trade accounts receivables from one customers represented approximately 
of its accounts receivable. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company received approximately of its revenue from two customers. The specific concentrations
were Customer A, , and Customer B, . For the year ended December 31, 2021 the Company received approximately of its revenue
from two customers. 

Concentration
of Supplier Risk 

The
Company had 4 vendors that accounted for approximately of purchases during the year ended December 31, 2022, related to operations.
Specific concentrations were Vendor A , Vendor B , and Vendor C and vender D .. For the year ended December 31, 2021 the
Company had 3 vendors that accounted for approximately of purchases. 

27 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. Table of Contents 

None. 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. Table of Contents 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our
management, with the participation of our Principal Executive Officer and our Principal Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness
of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022 (the Evaluation Date ). The term disclosure controls
and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, means controls and other procedures of a company
that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the
Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure
controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed
by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management,
including its principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
Management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance
of achieving their objectives and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible
controls and procedures. Based on the evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022, our Principal Executive
Officer and Principal Financial Officer concluded that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective at
the reasonable assurance level. 

28 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Management
is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and
15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP. Because of its inherent limitations,
internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to
future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Management
has conducted, with the participation of our Principal Executive Officer and our Principal Accounting Officer, an assessment, including
testing of the effectiveness, of our internal control over financial reporting as of Evaluation Date. Management s assessment of
internal control over financial reporting was conducted using the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of
the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013 Framework). 

A
material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is
a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected
on a timely basis. In connection with our management s assessment of our internal control over financial reporting as required
under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, we have concluded that our internal control over financial reporting had material
weaknesses including lack of sufficient internal accounting personnel in order to ensure complete documentation of complex transactions
and adequate financial reporting during the year ended December 31, 2022. Based on this assessment, Management identified the following
material weaknesses that have caused management to conclude that, as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures, and
our internal control over financial reporting, were not effective at the reasonable assurance level: 

1.
We do not have written documentation of our internal control policies and procedures. Written documentation of key internal controls
over financial reporting is a requirement of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Management evaluated the impact of our failure to
have written documentation of our internal controls and procedures on our assessment of our disclosure controls and procedures and has
concluded that the control deficiency that resulted represented a material weakness. 

2.
We do not have sufficient segregation of duties within accounting functions, which is a basic internal control. Due to our size and nature,
segregation of all conflicting duties may not always be possible and may not be economically feasible. However, to the extent possible,
the initiation of transactions, the custody of assets and the recording of transactions should be performed by separate individuals.
Management evaluated the impact of our failure to have segregation of duties on our assessment of our disclosure controls and procedures
and has concluded that the control deficiency that resulted represented a material weakness. 

3.
We do not have written documentation of formal procedures for the identification and approval of related party transactions. 

To
address these material weaknesses, management performed additional analyses and other procedures to ensure that the financial statements
included herein fairly present, in all material respects, our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the periods
presented. Accordingly, we believe that the financial statements included in this report fairly present, in all material respects, our
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented. 

This
Annual Report does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control
over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant
to the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit us to provide only our management s report in this Annual Report. 

29 

Remediation
of Material Weaknesses 

To
remediate the material weakness in our documentation, evaluation and testing of internal controls we plan to engage a third-party firm
to assist us in remedying this material weakness once resources become available. 

We
also intend to remedy our material weakness with regard to insufficient segregation of duties by hiring additional employees in order
to segregate duties in a manner that establishes effective internal controls once resources become available. 

Management
has identified corrective actions for the weakness and has begun implementation during the first quarter of 2022. 

This
annual report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial
reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to an exemption
for smaller reporting companies under Section 989G of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
have been no significant changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under
the Exchange Act) or in other factors that occurred during the period of our evaluation that have significantly affected, or are reasonably
likely to significantly affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION. Table of Contents 

None. 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, PROMOTERS AND CONTROL PERSONS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. Table of Contents 

The
following table sets forth the name, age and position of each of our Directors and executive officers. Our officers and Directors are
as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Timothy
 Vance 
 
 56 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer, Chief Operating Officer and Director 
 
 Gary
 D. Woerz 
 
 76 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer and Director 
 
 John
 Schafer 
 
 48 
 
 Director 

Timothy
Vance - Chief Executive Officer, Chief Operating Officer and Director 

Timothy
Vance, a founder and an intricate element in the fabric of the Company, has served as one of our Directors since June 2003, as our Chief
Operating Officer since January 2007 and as our Chief Executive Officer since July 2008. Mr. Vance has been part of the Data Call management
team since the Company s inception. Prior to founding Data Call, Mr. Vance was employed at QVS Wireless Corporation. Prior to QVS
Wireless, Mr. Vance was employed for 17 years by World Ship Supply, a global maritime supply company. He was the General Manager of the
Houston branch for several years before following his entrepreneurial vision. 

Gary
D. Woerz - Chief Financial Officer and Director 

From
March 2009 to January 2012, Gary Woerz provided financial consulting services to private and public companies. From September 2007 to
January 2008, Mr. Woerz was CFO and COO of Larrea Biosciences, a public company. From July 2006 to July 2007, Mr. Woerz was the CFO of
Virexx Medical Corp., a public company organized under the laws of the Province of Alberta, Canada. From April 2004 to May 2007, Mr.
Woerz served as CFO of American International Industries, Inc., a public reporting company. 

30 

John
Schafer - Director 

Mr.
Schafer has been a member of Data Call s Board of Directors since his appointment in May 2013. From March 2005 through the present,
Mr. Schafer has served as Vice President of Operations of Waterfront Ventures LLC, a private company engaged in real estate development
and operations, specializing in the hospitality and public service industry. Mr. Schafer s duties at Waterfront Ventures include
strategic and financial planning and chief of operations. In addition, from 2004 through the present, Mr. Schafer has been President
and principal of JLS Holdings LLC, a private company engaged in the business of marketing, business development, financial planning and
promotion, primarily for the real estate and hospitality industry, among others. 

Employment
Agreements 

Effective
February, 2018, the Company entered into a five-year employment agreement with Tim Vance, to as Chief Executive Officer and Chief Operating
Officer at a base compensation of 98,000 per year. The agreement also provided for the issuance of 500,000 restricted shares of the
Company s common stock which vest at the rate of 500,000 shares per year. Also effective on February 2018, the Company entered
into a five-year employment agreement with Gary D. Woerz to serve as Chief Financial Officer at a base compensation of 57,200 per year.
The agreement also provided for the issuance of 400,000 restricted shares of the Company s common stock. 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. Table of Contents 

The
following table sets forth information concerning the total compensation during the fiscal years ending December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2019. 

Summary Compensation Table 

Long Term 

Annual Compensation 
 Compensation Awards 

Other 
 Restricted 
 Securities 

Annual 
 Stock 
 Underlying 
 Total 
 
 Name and Principal 
 
 Salary 
 Bonus 
 Compensation 
 Award(s) 
 Options 
 Compensation 
 
 Position 
 Year 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 

Timothy Vance, CEO, COO, Director (1) 
 2022 
 98,000 
 
 2,000 

100,000 

2021 
 98,000 
 
 5,000 

103,000 

2019 
 98,000 
 
 1,500 

99,500 

Garry D. Woerz, CFO, Director (2) 
 2022 
 57,000 
 
 1,000 

58,200 

2021 
 57,200 
 
 2,500 

59,700 

2019 
 57,200 
 
 0 

57,200 

(1)
In June 2008, Timothy E. Vance was appointed CEO of the Registrant. 

 (2)
In January 2013, Gary D. Woerz was appointed CFO of the Registrant. 

31 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTRS. Table of Contents 

The
following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of March 27, 2023. The information in
this table provides the ownership information for: each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our common stock;
each of our directors; each of our executive officers; and our executive officers and directors as a group. Beneficial ownership has
been determined in accordance with the rules and regulations of the SEC and includes voting or investment power with respect to the shares.
Unless otherwise indicated, the persons named in the table below have sole voting and investment power with respect to the number of
shares indicated as beneficially owned by them. 

Name of Beneficial Owner 
 Common Stock 
 Beneficially Owned 
 Percentage of 
 Common Stock 
 Owned (1) 
 
 Timothy E. Vance, CEO, COO and Director 
 20,190,000 
 12.80 
 
 700 South Friendswood Drive, Suite E 

Friendswood, TX 77546 

Gary D. Woerz, CFO and Director 
 17,700,000 
 11.23 
 
 700 South Friendswood Drive, Suite E 

Friendswood, TX 77546 

John Schafer, Director 
 1,000,000 
 0.63 
 
 700 South Friendswood Drive, Suite E 

Friendswood, TX 77546 

Director and Officer (3 people) 
 38,890.010 
 24.80 

(1)
Applicable percentage ownership is based on 156,998,515 shares of common stock outstanding as of March 27, 2023. Beneficial ownership
is determined in accordance with the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission and generally includes voting or investment power
with respect to securities. Shares of common stock that are currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days of March 27, 2023 are
deemed to be beneficially owned by the person holding such securities for the purpose of computing the percentage of ownership of such
person, but are not treated as outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person. 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. Table of Contents 

None. 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES. Table of Contents 

Independent
Public Accountants 

Our
auditor, M K CPAS, PLLC. has served as the Company s independent registered public accountants for the fiscal years 2022 and
2021. 

Principal
Accounting Fees 

The
following table presents the fees for professional audit services rendered by M K CPAS, PLLC for the audits of the Registrant s
annual financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and fees billed for other services rendered by M K CPAS,
PLLC during those periods. 

Year Ended 
 Year Ended 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Audit fees (1) 
 25,000 
 25,000 
 
 Audit-related fees (2) 

Tax fees (3) 
 1,100 
 1,100 
 
 All other fees 

(1) Audit fees consist of audit and review services, consents and review of documents filed with the SEC. 

 (2) Audit-related fees consist of assistance and discussion concerning financial accounting and reporting standards and other accounting issues. 

 (3) Tax fees consist of preparation of federal and state tax returns, review of quarterly estimated tax payments, and consultation concerning tax compliance issues. 

32 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. Table of Contents 

(a)
The exhibits listed below are filed as part of this annual report. 

3.1 
 Articles of Incorporation, attached to the Company s Form S-1 as filed with the SEC on February 21, 2006. 
 
 3.2 
 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation, attached to the Company s Form S-1 as filed with the SEC on February 21, 2006. 
 
 3.3.1 
 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, attached to the Company s Form S-1/A as filed with the SEC on June 29, 2006. 
 
 3.4 
 Amended Bylaws, attached to the Company s Form S-1 as filed with the SEC on February 21, 2006. 
 
 4.1 
 Certificate of Designation of Series B Preferred Stock dated August 30, 2013, attached to the Company s Form 10-K as filed with the SEC on March 30, 2015. 
 
 10.16 
 Employment Agreement between the Company and Timothy E. Vance, as amended, attached to the Company s Form 10-K as filed with the SEC on March 30, 2015. 
 
 10.17 
 Employment Agreement between the Company and Gary Woerz, as amended, attached to the Company s Form 10-K as filed with the SEC on March 30, 2015. 
 
 31.1 
 Certificate of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, filed herewith 
 
 31.2 
 Certificate of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, filed herewith 
 
 32.1 
 Certificate of the Chief Executive Officer to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, filed herewith 
 
 32.2 
 Certificate of the Chief Financial Officer to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, filed herewith 
 
 101.INS 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

33 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned. 

DATA
CALL TECHNOLOGIES INC. 

By: 
 /s/
 Timothy E. Vance 

Timothy
 E. Vance 

Chief
 Executive Officer and Chairman 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

Date:
 
 March
 28, 2023 

By: 
 /s/
 Gary D. Woerz 

Gary
 D. Woerz 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial and Principal Accounting Officer) 

Date:
 
 March
 28, 2023 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and
in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

By: 
 /s/
 Timothy E. Vance 

Timothy
 E. Vance 

Chairman 

Date:
 
 March
 28, 2023 

By: 
 /s/
 Gary D. Woerz 

Gary
 D. Woerz 

Director 

Date:
 
 March
 28, 2023 

34 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

I,
Timothy E. Vance, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this annual report of Data Call Technologies, Inc.; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the issuer as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4.
The issuer s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as 4efined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the issuer and have: 

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the issuer, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the issuer s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the issuer s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the issuer s
most recent fiscal quarter (the issuer s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or
is reasonably likely to materially affect, the issuer s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The issuer s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the issuer s auditors and the audit committee of the issuer s board of directors (or persons performing the
equivalent functions): 

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the issuer s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b)
Any fraud, whether not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the issuer s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 March
 28, 2023 

/s/
Timothy E. Vance 

CEO 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

I,
Gary D. Woerz, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this annual report of Data Call Technologies, Inc.; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the issuer as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4.
The issuer s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as 4efined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the issuer and have: 

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the issuer, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the issuer s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the issuer s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the issuer s
most recent fiscal quarter (the issuer s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or
is reasonably likely to materially affect, the issuer s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The issuer s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the issuer s auditors and the audit committee of the issuer s board of directors (or persons performing the
equivalent functions): 

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the issuer s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b)
Any fraud, whether not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the issuer s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 March
 28, 2023 

/s/ Gary D. Woerz 

CFO 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the annual report of Data Call Technologies, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December
31, 2022 (the Report ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, Timothy E. Vance, CEO
of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1.
The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2.
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

/s/
 Timothy E. Vance 

Timothy E. Vance 

CEO 

Dated: March
 28, 2023 

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Data Call Technologies, Inc. and will be retained
by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the annual report of Data Call Technologies, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December
31, 2022 (the Report ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, Gary Woerz, CFO and
Director of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002, that: 

1.
The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2.
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

/s/
Gary D. Woerz 

Gary
D. Woerz 

CFO 

Dated:
 March
 28, 2023 

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Data Call Technologies, Inc. and will be retained
by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 dclt-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 dclt-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 dclt-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 dclt-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

