<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230320_10-K_edgar_data_95574_0001437749-23-007261.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>11775174</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>259820</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1707659</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3888155</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2757097</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2836547</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001437749-23-007261.hdr.sgml : 20230320
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230320170714
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001437749-23-007261
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		111
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230320
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230320

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SUPERIOR GROUP OF COMPANIES, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000095574
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	APPAREL & OTHER FINISHED PRODS OF FABRICS & SIMILAR MATERIAL [2300]
		IRS NUMBER:				111385670
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			FL
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-05869
		FILM NUMBER:		23747069

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10055 SEMINOLE BLVD
		CITY:			SEMINOLE
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33772
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7273979611

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10055 SEMINOLE BLVD
		CITY:			SEMINOLE
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33772

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SUPERIOR UNIFORM GROUP INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19980810

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SUPERIOR SURGICAL MANUFACTURING CO INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001437749-23-007261.txt : 20230320

10-K
 1
 sgc20221231_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

sgc20221231_10k.htm 

Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington , D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from ____________ to _______________ 
 
 Commission File Number 
 
 SUPERIOR GROUP OF COMPANIES , INC. 
 (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 
 
 (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices, including Zip Code) 
 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 
 Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 
 Stock Market 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: N/A 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Large accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller Reporting Company Emerging Growth Company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 
 At June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of the registrant s common shares held by non-affiliates, computed by reference to the last sales price of 17.75 as reported by the NASDAQ Stock Market, was approximately million (based on the assumption, solely for purposes of this computation, that all directors and officers of the registrant were affiliates of the registrant). 
 
 The number of shares of common stock outstanding as of March 2, 2023 was shares. 
 
 Documents Incorporated by Reference: 
 
 Portions of the registrant s Definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with the Commission not later than 120 days after the conclusion of the registrant s fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, relating to its 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, are incorporated by reference to furnish the information required by Items 10, 11, 12, 13 and 14 of Part III. 

Table of Contents 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 6 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 16 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 16 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 16 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 16 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 17 

Item 6. 
 Reserved 
 17 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 18 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 29 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 30 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 71 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 71 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 73 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 74 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 74 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 74 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 74 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 74 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 75 

Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 78 

SIGNATURES 
 79 

Table of Contents 

PART I 
 
 Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 Certain matters discussed in this Form 10-K are forward-looking statements intended to qualify for the safe harbors from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements can generally be identified by use of the words may, will, should, could, expect, anticipate, estimate, believe, intend, project, potential, or plan or the negative of these words or other variations on these words or comparable terminology. Forward-looking statements in this Form 10-K may include, without limitation: (1) projections of revenue, income, and other items relating to our financial position and results of operations, including short-term and long-term plans for cash (2) statements of our plans, objectives, strategies, goals and intentions, (3) statements regarding the capabilities, capacities, market position and expected development of our business operations, (4) statements of expected industry and general economic trends and (5) the projected impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our, our customers , and our suppliers businesses. 
 
 Such forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that may materially adversely affect the anticipated results. Such risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the following: the impact of competition; uncertainties related to supply disruptions, inflationary environment (including with respect to the cost of finished goods and raw materials and shipping costs), employment levels (including labor shortages), and general economic and political conditions in the areas of the world in which the Company operates or from which it sources its supplies or the areas of the United States of America U.S. or United States in which the Company s customers are located; lingering effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, including existing and possible future variants, on the United States and global markets, our business, operations, customers, suppliers and employees, including the length and scope of restrictions imposed by various governments and organizations and the continuing success of efforts to deliver effective vaccines and boosters, among other factors; changes in the healthcare, retail, hotel, food service, transportation and other industries where uniforms and service apparel are worn; our ability to identify suitable acquisition targets, discover liabilities associated with such businesses during the diligence process, successfully integrate any acquired businesses, or successfully manage our expanding operations; the price and availability of cotton and other manufacturing materials; attracting and retaining senior management and key personnel; the effect of the Company s material weakness in internal control over financial reporting; the Company s ability to successfully remediate its material weakness in internal control over financial reporting and to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting; and those risks discussed under Item 1A of this report entitled Risk Factors. Shareholders, potential investors and other readers are urged to consider these factors carefully in evaluating the forward-looking statements made herein and are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements made herein are only made as of the date of this Form 10-K and we disclaim any obligation to publicly update such forward-looking statements to reflect subsequent events or circumstances, except as may be required by law. 

Item 1. Business 
 
 Overview 
 
 Superior Group of Companies, Inc. (together with its subsidiaries, the Company, Superior, we, our, or us was organized in 1920 and was incorporated in 1922 as a New York company under the name Superior Surgical Mfg. Co., Inc. In 1998, the Company changed its name to Superior Uniform Group, Inc. and its state of incorporation to Florida. In 2018, the Company changed its name to Superior Group of Companies, Inc. 
 
 On July 1, 2013, the Company acquired substantially all of the assets of HPI Direct, Inc. HPI ), a company specializing in the design, manufacture and distribution of uniforms to major domestic retailers, foodservice chains, transportation and other service industries throughout the United States. 
 
 Effective March 1, 2016, the Company acquired substantially all of the assets of BAMKO, Inc. BAMKO is a full-service merchandise sourcing and promotional products company based in Los Angeles, California. With sales offices in the United States and Brazil, as well as support offices in China, Hong Kong, and India, BAMKO serves many well-known companies and brands. The transaction also included the acquisition of BAMKO s subsidiaries in Hong Kong, China, Brazil and England as well as an affiliate in India. Depending on the context, when using the term BAMKO in this Form 10-K, we refer either to the Company s wholly-owned subsidiary housing the acquired business (BAMKO, LLC) or to the business acquired in the transaction, as subsequently grown through additional acquisitions. 

1

Table of Contents 

On August 21, 2017, the Company, through BAMKO, acquired substantially all of the assets of PublicIdentity, Inc. Public Identity ). Public Identity is a promotional products and branded merchandise agency that provides promotional products and branded merchandise to corporate clients and universities. 
 
 On November 30, 2017, BAMKO closed on the acquisition of substantially all of the assets of Tangerine Promotions, Ltd. and Tangerine Promotions West, Inc. (collectively, Tangerine ), a promotional products and branded merchandise agency that serves many well-known brands. Tangerine is a leading provider of Point-of-Purchase (POP) and Point-of-Sale (POS) merchandise. 
 
 On May 2, 2018, the Company acquired CID Resources, Inc. CID ), a Delaware corporation, which manufactures medical uniforms, lab coats, and layers, and sells its products to specialty uniform retailers, ecommerce medical uniform retailers, and other retailers. 
 
 On January 29, 2021, the Company, through BAMKO, acquired substantially all of the assets of Gifts By Design, Inc. Gifts by Design of Seattle, Washington. Gifts by Design is a promotional products and branded merchandise agency that is well-established as a developer and supplier of corporate awards, incentives, and recognition programs for some of the world s biggest brands. 
 
 On December 2, 2021, the Company, principally through BAMKO, acquired substantially all of the assets of Sutter s Mill Specialties, Inc. Sutter s Mill of Tempe, Arizona. Sutter s Mill is a vertically integrated manufacturer of high quality, decorated promotional products. Sutter s Mill has the capability to print on demand and create customized promotional programs and products for customers of any size. 
 
 On May 1, 2022, the Company, through BAMKO, acquired substantially all of the assets of Guardian Products, Inc. Guardian of Norcross, Georgia. Guardian is a branded merchandise company that is one of the leading providers of promotional products to automotive dealers nationwide. 
 
 Superior is comprised of three reportable business segments: (1) Branded Products, (2) Healthcare Apparel, and (3) Contact Centers. 
 
 Superior s Branded Products segment, primarily through its signature marketing brands BAMKO and HPI , produces and sells customized merchandising solutions, promotional products and branded uniform programs. Branded products are manufactured through third parties or in Superior s own facilities, and are sold to customers in a wide range of industries, including retail, hotel, food service, entertainment, technology, transportation and other industries. The segment currently has sales offices in the United States, Canada, Brazil, the United Kingdom and Colombia, with support services in China and India. 
 
 Superior s Healthcare Apparel segment, primarily through its signature marketing brands Fashion Seal Healthcare and WonderWink (also referred to as Wink ), manufactures (through third parties or in its own facilities) and sells a wide range of healthcare apparel, such as scrubs, lab coats, protective apparel and patient gowns. This segment sells healthcare service apparel to healthcare laundries, dealers, distributors and physical and e-commerce retailers primarily in the United States. 
 
 Superior s Contact Centers segment, through multiple The Office Gurus entities, including subsidiaries in El Salvador, Belize, Jamaica, Dominican Republic and the United States (collectively, TOG ), provides outsourced, nearshore business process outsourcing, contact and call-center support services to North American customers. 

2

Table of Contents 

Products 
 
 The Company produces and manufactures (through third parties or in its own facilities) and sells a wide range of promotional products and branded uniforms in its Branded Products segment and healthcare career and service apparel and accessories in its Healthcare Apparel segment. 
 
 The Company s principal products segments are: 
 
 Branded Products Segment: 
 Customized products to support: 
 Branded marketing programs; 
 Branded uniform programs; 
 Corporate awards, incentives and recognition programs; 
 Event promotions; 
 Employee and consumer rewards and incentives; and 
 Specialty packaging and displays. 
 
 Healthcare Apparel Segment: 
 Career and service apparel for personnel of hospitals and healthcare facilities, such as: 
 Fashionable scrubs; 
 Institutional scrubs; 
 Barrier coats; 
 Patient gowns; 
 Miscellaneous products for use by linen suppliers and industrial launderers (e.g. industrial laundry bags); 
 Personal protective equipment (e.g.; isolation gowns and barrier fabric lab wear); and 
 Other mission-critical apparel to healthcare laundries, institutions and professionals. 
 
 Our products are either distributed through our distribution centers in the United States or shipped directly from our vendors to our customers. 
 
 For a depiction of net sales from external customers, income (loss) before taxes on income and total assets by segment for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, please refer to Note 17 to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data (collectively referred to as Financial Statements, and individually referred to as statements of comprehensive income (loss), balance sheets, statements of shareholders equity, and statements of cash flows herein). 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, our Branded Products segment accounted for approximately 67 and 63 , respectively, of net sales. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, our Healthcare Apparel segment accounted for approximately 20 and 26 , respectively, of net sales. 
 
 For more information on our reportable business segments, please refer to Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Business Outlook, which disclosure is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Services 
 
 Through the recruitment and employment of highly qualified English-speaking agents, we provide our customers with outsourced, nearshore business process outsourcing, contact and call-center support services to North American customers in our Contact Centers segment. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, our Contact Centers segment accounted for approximately 13 and 11 , respectively, of net sales. 

3

Table of Contents 

Competition 
 
 Superior competes in its Branded Products segment with a multitude of national and regional companies, such as, BDA, Inc., HALO Branded Solutions, Inc., Staples, Inc., Cimpress PLC, HH Global Group Limited, and Lands End, Inc. Superior also competes with local firms in most major metropolitan areas. The nature and degree of competition varies with the customer and the market. We believe our creative services, product development, proprietary web platforms and extensive global sourcing network, along with our major brands, enable us to be competitive and grow in this market. 
 
 Major competitors for our Healthcare Apparel segment include companies such as Medline Industries, Inc., Careismatic Brands, Barco Uniforms, Inc., FIGS, Inc., Encompass Medical and Standard Textile Co., Inc. We are a significant supplier of scrubs and patient apparel to hospitals. We believe that the strength of our brands and marketing, coupled with the quality of our products, allow us to compete effectively. 
 
 The market in which our Contact Centers segment operates has evolved into a global multi-billion dollar marketplace that is highly competitive and fragmented. TOG s competitors in the Contact Centers segment range in size from very small firms offering specialized services or short-term project completion to very large independent firms, and include the in-house operations of many customers and potential customers. We compete directly and indirectly with various companies that provide contact center and other business process solutions on an outsourced basis such as TaskUs, Transparent BPO, WebHelp, Focus Services, Ubiquity, CCI and RDI. TOG also competes with local entities in other offshore locations. The list of potential competitors includes both publicly traded and privately held companies. 
 
 Customers 
 
 The Branded Products segment has a substantial number of customers, none of which accounted for more than 10 of the segment s 2022 net sales. No customer accounted for more than 10 of the Healthcare Apparel segment's 2022 net sales. The Contact Centers segment s largest customer represented 12 of the segment s 2022 net sales. 
 
 Resources Material to Our Business 
 
 Raw Materials 
 
 The principal fabrics used in the manufacture of finished apparel goods for Superior's Branded Products segment and Healthcare Apparel segments are cotton, polyester, spandex, cotton-synthetic and poly-synthetic blends. The majority of such fabrics are sourced in China. If Superior or its suppliers are unable to source raw materials from China, it could significantly disrupt Superior s business. 
 
 Superior does not have a concentration of suppliers of finished apparel goods in any single country or region of the world, however, it does manufacture the majority of its products in Bangladesh, China, Haiti, Madagascar, and Vietnam. Additionally, the Company s suppliers generally source or manufacture finished goods in parts of the world that may be affected by economic uncertainty, political unrest, labor disputes, health emergencies, or the imposition of duties, tariffs or other import regulations by the United States. The Company believes that its redundant network of suppliers, including its own manufacturing facilities in Haiti, provide sufficient capacity to mitigate any dependency risks on a single supplier. 
 
 The Branded Products segment also relies on the supply of other types of raw materials, including plastic, glass and metal. The vast majority of these raw materials are principally sourced from China, either directly by BAMKO or its suppliers. If we are unable to continue to obtain our raw materials and finished products from China or if our suppliers are unable to source raw materials from China, it could significantly disrupt our business. 
 
 Prices within the promotional products industry are directly affected by the cost of raw materials. The market for promotional products is price sensitive and has historically exhibited price and demand cyclicality. The Branded Products segment has flexibility in its suppliers, as other suppliers of the same or similar products are widely available. Additionally, the nature of the promotional products industry is such that should specific types of raw materials undergo significant cost increases, it is possible that alternative products using different materials could be utilized for similar promotional activities. However, if cost increases cannot be entirely passed on to customers and alternative suppliers or suitable product alternatives are unavailable, profit margins could decline. 

4

Table of Contents 

Intellectual Property 
 
 Superior owns and uses several trade names, trademarks and service marks relating to its brands that have significant value and are instrumental to its ability to market its products. Superior s most significant trade names are BAMKO and HPI within the Branded Products segment and The Office Gurus within the Contact Centers segment. Superior s most significant trademarks, which are critically important to the marketing and operation of Superior s Healthcare Apparel segment, are Fashion Seal Healthcare and WonderWink . For the year ended December 31, 2022, Fashion Seal Healthcare (presently registered with the United States Patent and Trademark Office until 2029) and WonderWink (presently registered with the United States Patent and Trademark Office until August 2030) represented approximately 41 and 38 , respectively, of sales in that segment. 
 
 Seasonal Fluctuations 
 
 Our results of operations have not historically reflected material seasonal tendencies and we do not believe that seasonal fluctuations will have a material impact on us in the foreseeable future. 
 
 Effects of Compliance with Government Regulations 
 
 Trade Regulations 
 
 As disclosed above, the Company s suppliers generally source or manufacture finished goods in parts of the world that may be affected by the imposition of duties, tariffs or other import regulations by the United States. The Company believes that its redundant network of suppliers, including its own manufacturing facilities in Haiti, provide sufficient capacity to mitigate any dependency risks on a single supplier. 
 
 The Branded Products segment relies on raw materials that are principally sourced from China, either directly by BAMKO or its suppliers. If we are unable to continue to obtain our raw materials and finished products from China or if our suppliers are unable to source raw materials from China, it could significantly disrupt our business. Further, we are affected by economic, political and other conditions in China and the United States, including those resulting in the imposition or increase of import duties, tariffs and other import regulations and those relating to widespread health emergencies and deteriorating diplomatic relations with China, which could have a material adverse effect on this business segment. 
 
 Environmental Matters 
 
 In view of the nature of our business, compliance with federal, state, and local laws regulating the discharge of materials into the environment, or otherwise relating to the protection of the environment, has had no material effect upon our operations or earnings, capital expenditures or competitive position and we do not expect it to have a material impact in the foreseeable future. 
 
 Human Capital Resources 
 
 The Company s key human capital management objectives are to attract, retain and develop quality talent. To support these objectives, the Company s human resources initiatives are designed to: keep people safe and healthy; enhance the Company s culture; acquire and retain diverse talent; reward and support employees through competitive pay, benefits and other programs; and develop talent to prepare them for critical roles and leadership positions. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had approximately 6,800 employees worldwide, of which approximately 6,600 were full-time employees and approximately 200 were part-time employees. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 900 employees were employed in the U.S. and approximately 5,900 employees were employed in foreign countries. The Contact Centers segment has the Company s largest labor force at approximately 4,300 full-time employees as of December 31, 2022. 

5

Table of Contents 

Available Information 
 
 The Company maintains an internet website at the following address: www.superiorgroupofcompanies.com. The information on the Company s website is not incorporated by reference in this annual report on Form 10-K. 
 
 We make available on or through our website certain reports and amendments to those reports that we file with or furnish to the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC in accordance with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). These include our annual reports on Form 10-K, our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, our current reports on Form 8-K, and Section 16 filings, and amendments thereto, by our officers, directors and 10 shareholders. We make this information available on our website free of charge as soon as reasonably practicable after we or they electronically file the information with, or furnish it to, the SEC. We also provide electronic copies of such filings free of charge upon request. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 Our business, operations and financial condition are subject to various risks, and many of those risks are driven by factors that we cannot control or predict. The following discussion addresses those risks that management believes are the most significant. You should take these risks into account in evaluating or making any investment decision involving the Company. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known or that we currently believe to be less significant may also adversely affect us. 
 
 Risks Relating to Our Business and Operations 
 
 Shortages of sourced goods or raw materials from suppliers, interruptions in our manufacturing, and local conditions in the countries in which we operate could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 
 Along with many manufacturers that source goods and raw materials from abroad, we experienced significant supply disruptions and delays due to a variety of reasons. These changes were partially driven by interruptions in global supply chains (including as a result of port congestion and trucking shortages) and partially by a shift in customer buying habits to e-commerce, which had the effect of increasing demand for shipping capacity from Asia, leading to capacity constraints. Both factors increased shipping times as well as the price of shipping, whether by sea, air, rail, or vehicle. 
 
 An interruption in any of our supply sources or facilities could adversely affect our results of operations until alternate sources or facilities can be secured. Principal raw materials used in the manufacture of the Company s finished goods include cotton, polyester, spandex, cotton-synthetic, poly-synthetic blends, textiles, plastic, glass, fabric and metal. The majority of such raw materials are sourced in China, either directly by us or our suppliers. If we are unable to continue to obtain our raw materials and finished products from China or if our suppliers are unable to source raw materials from China, it could significantly disrupt our business. Furthermore, the Company and the Company s suppliers generally source or manufacture finished goods in parts of the world that may be affected by economic uncertainty, political unrest, logistical challenges (such as port strikes and embargos), foreign currency fluctuations, labor disputes, health emergencies, or the imposition of duties, tariffs or other import regulations by the United States, any of which could result in additional cost or limit our supply of necessary goods and raw materials. 
 
 See also Risks Relating to Our Industries - Increases in the price of finished goods, raw materials and labor used to manufacture our products could materially increase our costs and decrease our profitability. 
 
 Our success depends upon the continued protection of our trade names, trademarks and other intellectual property rights and we may be forced to incur substantial costs to maintain, defend, protect and enforce our intellectual property rights. 
 
 Our owned intellectual property and certain of our licensed intellectual property have significant value and are instrumental to our ability to market our products. Our most significant trade names are BAMKO and HPI within the Branded Products segment and The Office Gurus within the Contact Centers segment. Our most significant trademarks, which are critically important to the marketing and operation of Superior s Healthcare Apparel segment, are Fashion Seal Healthcare and WonderWink . For the year ended December 31, 2022, Fashion Seal Healthcare and WonderWink represented approximately 41 and 38 , respectively, of sales in that segment. We cannot assure that our owned or licensed intellectual property or the operation of our business does not infringe on or otherwise violate the intellectual property rights of others. We cannot assure that third parties will not assert claims against us on any such basis or that we will be able to successfully resolve such claims. In addition, although we seek international protection of our intellectual property, the laws of some foreign countries do not allow us to protect, defend or enforce our intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. We could also incur substantial costs to defend legal actions relating to use of our intellectual property or prosecute legal actions against others using our intellectual property, either of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. There also can be no assurance that we will be able to negotiate and conclude extensions of existing license agreements on similar economic terms or at all. 

6

Table of Contents 

Our customers may cancel or decrease the quantity of their orders, which could negatively impact our operating results. 
 
 Sales to many of our customers are on an order-by-order basis. If we cannot fill customers orders on time, orders may be cancelled and relationships with customers may suffer, which could have an adverse effect on us, especially if the relationship is with a major customer. Furthermore, if any of our customers experience a significant downturn in their business, or fail to remain committed to our programs or brands, the customer may reduce or discontinue purchases from us. The reduction in the amount of our products purchased by customers could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. 
 
 In addition, some of our customers have, from time to time, and especially during the initial stages of the COVID-19 pandemic, experienced significant changes and difficulties, including consolidation of ownership, increased centralization of buying decisions, buyer turnover, restructurings, bankruptcies and liquidations. A significant adverse change in a customer relationship or in a customer s financial position could cause us to limit or discontinue business with that customer, require us to assume more credit risk relating to that customer s receivables or limit our ability to collect amounts related to previous purchases by that customer, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. 
 
 Our business could be materially adversely impacted by the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic. 
 
 COVID-19 was declared a pandemic by the World Health Organization and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in March of 2020. The global spread of COVID-19 created significant volatility and uncertainty and economic disruption, some of which continues. While the situation is different than it was in prior years, the extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic ultimately impacts our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows still depends on numerous factors that continue to evolve and which we may not be able to accurately predict, including, without limitation: the duration and scope of the pandemic; the success of efforts to deliver effective vaccines and boosters on a timely basis to a number of people sufficient to prevent or substantially lower the severity of incidents of infection or variants; the duration and scope of governmental, business and individuals actions that have been and will be taken in response to the pandemic (including restrictions on travel and transport and workforce pressures); the effect on our suppliers and customers and customer demand for our core products and services; the effect on our sources of supply; the impact of the pandemic on economic activity and actions taken in response; closures of our and our suppliers and customers offices and facilities; the ability of our customers to pay for our products and services; financial market volatility commodity prices; and the pace of recovery from the pandemic. 
 
 The potential effects of COVID-19 also could impact us in a number of other ways, including, but not limited to, reductions to our revenue and profitability, costs associated with complying with new or amended laws and regulations affecting our business, declines in our stock price, reduced availability and less favorable terms of future borrowings, reduced credit-worthiness of our customers, and potential impairment of the carrying value of indefinite-lived intangible assets. 
 
 Any of these events could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 We pursue acquisitions from time-to-time to expand our business, which may pose risks to our business. 
 
 We selectively pursue acquisitions from time-to-time as part of our growth strategy. We compete with others within our industries for suitable acquisition candidates. This competition may increase the price of acquisitions and reduce the number of acquisition candidates available to us. As a result, acquisition candidates may not be available to us in the future on favorable terms. 
 
 Acquisition valuations require us to make certain estimates and assumptions to determine the fair value of the acquired entities (including the underlying assets and liabilities). If our estimates or assumptions to value the acquired assets and liabilities are not accurate, we may be exposed to losses, and/or unexpected usage of cash flow to fund the operations of the acquired businesses that may be material. 
 
 Even if we are able to acquire businesses on favorable terms, managing growth through acquisitions is a difficult process that includes integration and training of personnel, combining facility and operating procedures, and additional matters related to the integration of acquired businesses within our existing organization. Unanticipated issues related to integration may result in additional expense and in disruption to our operations, and may require a disproportionate amount of our management s attention, any of which could negatively impact our ability to achieve anticipated benefits, such as revenue and cost synergies. Growth of our business through acquisition generally increases our operating complexity and the level of responsibility for both existing and new management personnel. Managing and sustaining our growth and expansion may require substantial enhancements to our operational and financial systems and controls, as well as additional administrative, operational and financial resources. We may be required to invest in additional support personnel, facilities and systems to address the increased complexities associated with business or segment expansion. These investments could result in higher overall operating costs and lower operating profits for the business as a whole. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in integrating acquired businesses or managing our expanding operations. 

7

Table of Contents 

In addition, although we conduct due diligence investigations prior to each acquisition, there can be no assurance that we will discover or adequately protect against all material liabilities of an acquired business for which we may be responsible as a successor owner or operator. The failure to identify suitable acquisitions, discover liabilities associated with such businesses in the diligence process, successfully integrate these acquired businesses, or successfully manage our expanding operations, could adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. 
 
 In order to finance such acquisitions, we may need to obtain additional funds either through public or private financings, including bank and other secured and unsecured borrowings and/or the issuance of equity or debt securities. There can be no assurance that such financings would be available to us on reasonable terms. Any future issuances of equity securities or debt securities with equity features may be dilutive to our shareholders. 
 
 If our information technology systems suffer interruptions or failures, including as a result of cyber-attacks, our business operations could be disrupted and our reputation , results of operations and/or financial condition could suffer. 
 
 We rely on information technology systems to process transactions, communicate with customers, manage our business and process and maintain information. The measures we have in place to monitor and protect our information technology systems might not provide sufficient protection from catastrophic events, power surges, viruses, malicious software (including ransomware), attempts to gain unauthorized access to data or other types of cyber-based attacks. As cyber-attacks become more frequent, sophisticated, damaging and difficult to predict, any such event could negatively impact our business operations, such as by product disruptions that result in an unexpected delay in operations, interruptions in our ability to deliver products and services to our customers, loss of confidential or otherwise protected information, corruption of data and expenses related to the repair or replacement of our information technology systems. Compromising and/or loss of information could result in loss of sales or legal or regulatory claims which could adversely affect our revenues and profits or damage our reputation. 
 
 Failure to comply with data privacy and security laws and regulations could adversely affect our operating results and business. 
 
 In the ordinary course of our business, we might collect and store in our internal and external data centers, cloud services and networks sensitive data, including our proprietary business information and that of our customers, suppliers and business partners, as well as personal information of our customers and employees. The secure processing, maintenance and transmission of this information is critical to our operations and business strategy. The number and sophistication of attempted attacks and intrusions that companies have experienced from third parties has increased over the past few years. Despite our security measures, it is impossible for us to eliminate this risk. 
 
 A number of U.S. states have enacted data privacy and security laws and regulations that govern the collection, use, disclosure, transfer, storage, disposal, and protection of personal information, such as social security numbers, financial information and other sensitive personal information. For example, all 50 states and several U.S. territories now have data breach laws that require timely notification to affected individuals, and at times regulators, credit reporting agencies and other bodies, if a company has experienced the unauthorized access or acquisition of certain personal information. Other state laws include the California Consumer Privacy Act, as amended CCPA ). The CCPA, among other things, contains disclosure obligations for businesses that collect personal information about California residents and affords those individuals new rights relating to their personal information that may affect our ability to collect and/or use personal information. Meanwhile, several other states and the federal government have considered or are considering privacy laws like the CCPA. We will continue to monitor and assess the impact of these laws, which may impose substantial penalties for violations, impose significant costs for investigations and compliance, allow private class-action litigation and carry significant potential liability for our business. 
 
 Outside of the U.S., data protection laws, including the EU General Data Protection Regulation (the GDPR ), also might apply to some of our operations or business partners. Legal requirements in these countries relating to the collection, storage, processing and transfer of personal data/information continue to evolve. The GDPR imposes, among other things, data protection requirements that include strict obligations and restrictions on the ability to collect, analyze and transfer EU personal data/information, a requirement for prompt notice of data breaches to data subjects and supervisory authorities in certain circumstances, and possible substantial fines for any violations (including possible fines for certain violations of up to the greater of 20 million Euros or 4 of total company revenue). Other governmental authorities around the world have enacted or are considering similar types of legislative and regulatory proposals concerning data protection. 
 
 The interpretation and enforcement of the laws and regulations described above are uncertain and subject to change, and may require substantial costs to monitor and implement and maintain adequate compliance programs. Failure to comply with U.S. and international data protection laws and regulations could result in government enforcement actions (which could include substantial civil and/or criminal penalties), private litigation and/or adverse publicity and could negatively affect our operating results and business. 

8

Table of Contents 

We are subject to international, federal, national, regional, state, local and other laws and regulations, and failure to comply with them may expose us to potential liability. 
 
 We are subject to international, federal, national, regional, state, local and other laws and regulations affecting our business, including but not limited to those promulgated under the Occupational Safety and Health Act, the Consumer Product Safety Act, the Flammable Fabrics Act, the Textile Fiber Product Identification Act, the rules and regulations of the Consumer Products Safety Commission, the Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, the rules and regulations of the Food and Drug Administration (FDA), the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 (FCPA), various securities laws and regulations including but not limited to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Securities Act of 1933, and the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Rules, various labor, workplace and related laws, and environmental laws and regulations. Failure to comply with such laws and regulations may expose us to potential liability and have an adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 
 Our business may be impacted by non-performance by manufacturers to whom we made advance payments. 
 
 We have entered into agreements with manufacturers in which we make payments for raw materials and services in advance of the shipment and delivery of finished products. In the event that advance payments are made to manufacturers that do not have the ability to satisfy their contractual obligations due to their financial instability, geopolitical unrest or other factors, we may incur unrecoverable losses which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Implementation of technology initiatives could disrupt our operations in the near term and fail to provide the anticipated benefits. 
 
 As our business grows, we continue to make significant investments in our technology, including in the areas of warehouse management, enterprise risk management and product design. The costs, potential problems and interruptions associated with the implementation of technology initiatives could disrupt or reduce the efficiency of our operations in the near term. They may also require us to divert resources from our core business to ensure that implementation is successful. In addition, new or upgraded technology might not provide the anticipated benefits, might take longer than expected to realize the anticipated benefits, might fail or might cost more than anticipated. 
 
 Failure to preserve positive labor relationships with our employees could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 
 Our operations rely heavily on our employees, and any labor shortage, disruption or stoppage caused by poor relations with our employees could reduce our operating margins and income. While we believe that our employee relations are good, and very few of our employees are currently subject to collective bargaining agreements, unions have traditionally been active in the U.S. apparel industry. Our workforce has been subject to union organization efforts from time to time, and we could be subject to future unionization efforts as our operations expand. Unionization of our workforce could increase our operating costs or constrain our operating flexibility. 
 
 Our business may be impacted by unforeseen or catastrophic events, including the emergence of pandemics or other widespread health emergencies, terrorist attacks, extreme weather events or other natural disasters and other unpredicted events. 
 
 The occurrence of unforeseen or catastrophic events, such as the emergence of pandemics or other widespread health emergencies (or concerns over the possibility of such pandemics or emergencies), terrorist attacks, extreme weather events or other natural disasters or other unpredicted events, could create economic and financial disruptions, and could lead to operational difficulties (including travel limitations) that could impair our ability to source and supply products and services and manage our businesses, and could negatively impact our customers ability or willingness to purchase our products and services. 
 
 For example, our corporate headquarters is located in Florida, which is a hurricane-sensitive area; should a hurricane occur, the possibly resulting infrastructure damage and disruption to the area could negatively affect our company, such as by damage to or total destruction of our headquarters, surrounding transportation infrastructure, network communications and other forms of communication. Some of our other locations and those of our suppliers, such as those located in the U.S., Central America and Haiti, also are exposed to hurricanes, earthquakes, floods and other extreme weather events; the damage that such events could produce could affect the supply of our products and services. 

9

Table of Contents 

Risks Relating to Our Industries 
 
 Increases in the price of finished goods, raw materials and labor used to manufacture our products could materially increase our costs and decrease our profitability. 
 
 The principal fabrics used for our uniforms are made from cotton, polyester, cotton-synthetic and poly-synthetic blends. The principal components in our promotional products are plastic, glass, fabric and metal. The prices we pay for these fabrics and components and our finished goods are dependent on the market price for the raw materials used to produce them, primarily cotton and chemical components of synthetic fabrics including raw materials such as chemicals and dyestuffs. These finished goods and raw materials are subject to price volatility caused by weather, supply conditions, government regulations, economic and political climate, currency exchange rates, labor costs, and other unpredictable factors. Fluctuations in petroleum prices also may influence the prices of related items such as chemicals, dyestuffs and polyester yarn. 
 
 Any increase in raw material prices increases our cost of sales and can decrease our profitability unless we are able to pass the costs on to our customers in the form of higher prices. In addition, if one or more of our competitors is able to reduce their production costs by taking advantage of any reductions in raw material prices or favorable sourcing agreements, we may face pricing pressures from those competitors and may be forced to reduce our prices or face a decline in revenues, either of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Furthermore, significant or sustained inflation could have an adverse impact on our operating and general and administrative expenses. Please see Our results of operations could be adversely affected by economic and political conditions globally and the effects of these conditions on our customers businesses and levels of business activity below for a description of recent inflationary pressure. During inflationary periods, these costs could increase at a rate higher than our ability to offset them via customer-facing pricing adjustments, alternative supply sources or other measures. Inflation could also have an adverse effect on consumer spending, which could adversely impact demand for our products and services. If our operating and other expenses increase faster than anticipated due to inflation, our financial condition, results of operations and cash flow could be materially adversely affected. 
 
 We face intense competition within our industries and our revenue and/or profits may decrease if we are not able to respond to this competition effectively. 
 
 Customers in the uniform and corporate identity apparel, promotional products, and business process outsourcing industries choose suppliers primarily based upon the quality, price and breadth of products and services offered. We encounter competition from a number of companies in the geographic areas we serve. Major competitors for our Branded Products segment include companies such as BDA, Inc., HALO Branded Solutions, Inc., Staples, Inc., Cimpress PLC, HH Global Group Limited and Lands End, Inc. Major competitors for our Healthcare Apparel segment include companies such as Medline Industries, Inc., Careismatic Brands, Barco Uniforms, Inc., FIGS, Inc., Encompass Medical and Standard Textile Co., Inc. Major competitors for our Contact Centers segment include companies such as TaskUs, Transparent BPO, WebHelp, Focus Services, Ubiquity, CCI and RDI. We also compete with a multitude of foreign, regional and local competitors that vary by market. If our existing or future competitors seek to gain or retain market share by reducing prices, we may be required to lower our prices, which would adversely affect our operating results. Similarly, if customers or potential customers perceive the products or services offered by our existing or future competitors to be of higher quality than ours or part of a broader product mix, our revenues may decline, which would adversely affect our operating results. 

10

Table of Contents 

Global, national or regional economic slowdowns, high unemployment levels, fewer jobs, changes in tax laws or cost increases might have an adverse effect on our operating results. 
 
 Many of our products are used by workers and, as a result, our business prospects are dependent upon levels of employment and overall economic conditions on a global, national and regional level, among other factors. Our revenues are impacted by our customers opening and closing of locations and reductions and increases in headcount, including from voluntary turnover and increased automation. If we are unable to offset these effects, such as through the addition of new customers or the penetration of existing customers with a broader mix of product and service offerings, our revenue growth rates will be negatively impacted. Likewise, increases in tax rates or other changes in tax laws or other regulations can negatively affect our profitability. 
 
 While we do not believe that our exposure is greater than that of our competitors, we could be adversely affected by increases in the prices of fabric, natural gas, gasoline, wages, employee benefits, insurance costs and other components of product cost unless we can recover such increases through proportional increases in the prices for our products and services. Competitive and general economic conditions might limit our ability and that of our competitors to increase prices to cover any increases in our product cost. 
 
 The branded uniforms, healthcare apparel and promotional products industries are subject to pricing pressures that may cause us to lower the prices we charge for our products and adversely affect our financial performance. 
 
 Many of our competitors also source their product requirements from developing countries to achieve a lower cost operating environment, possibly with lower costs than our offshore facilities, and those manufacturers may use these cost savings to reduce prices. Some of our competitors have more purchasing power than we do, which may enable them to obtain products at lower costs. To remain competitive, we may adjust our prices and margins from time-to-time in response to these industry-wide pricing pressures. Additionally, increased customer demands for allowances, incentives and other forms of economic support could reduce our margins and affect our profitability. Our financial performance will be negatively affected by these pricing pressures if we are forced to reduce our prices and we cannot reduce our product costs proportionally or if our product costs increase and we cannot increase our prices proportionally. 
 
 Our results of operations could be adversely affected by economic and political conditions globally and the effects of these conditions on our customers businesses and levels of business activity. 
 
 Economic and political events this year have altered the landscape in which we and other U.S. companies operate in a variety of ways. In response to inflationary pressures, the U.S. Federal Reserve repeatedly has raised interest rates, resulting in an increase in the cost of borrowing for us, our customers, our suppliers, and other companies relying on debt financing. It has indicated that it likely will raise rates further. World events, such as the Russian invasion of Ukraine and the resulting economic sanctions, have impacted the global economy, including by exacerbating inflationary and other pressures. Prolonged inflationary conditions, high and/or increased interest rates, and additional sanctions or retaliatory measures related to the Russia-Ukraine crisis, or other situations, could further negatively affect U.S. and international commerce and exacerbate or prolong the period of high energy prices. At this time, the extent and duration of these economic and political events and their effects on the economy and the Company are impossible to predict. 

11

Table of Contents 

Changes to trade regulation, quotas, duties, tariffs or other restrictions caused by the changing U.S. and geopolitical environments or otherwise, such as those with respect to China, may materially harm our revenue and results of operations, such as by increasing our costs and/or limiting the amount of products that we can import. 
 
 Our operations are subject to various international trade agreements and regulations, such as the Dominican Republic Central America Free Trade Agreement (CAFTA-DR), Caribbean Basin Trade Partnership Act (CBTPA), Haitian Hemispheric Opportunity through Partnership Encouragement Act, as amended (HOPE), the Food Conservation and Energy Act of 2008 (HOPE II), the Haiti Economic Lift Program of 2010 (HELP), the African Growth and Opportunity Act (AGOA), the Middle East Free Trade Area Initiative (MEFTA) and the activities and regulations of the World Trade Organization (WTO). Generally, these trade agreements and regulations benefit our business by reducing or eliminating the quotas, duties and/or tariffs assessed on products manufactured in a particular country. However, trade agreements and regulations can also impose requirements that have a material adverse effect on our business, revenue and results of operations, such as limiting the countries from which we can purchase raw materials, limiting the products that qualify as duty free, and setting quotas, duties and/or tariffs on products that may be imported into the United States from a particular country. Certain inbound products in our Branded Products and Healthcare Apparel segments to the United States are subject to tariffs assessed on the manufactured cost of goods at the time of import. As a result, we have had to increase prices for certain products and may be required to raise those prices further, or raise our prices on other products, which may result in the loss of customers and harm our operating performance. In response, in part, to tariffs levied on products imported from China we have shifted some production out of China and may seek to shift additional production out of China, which may result in additional costs and disruption to our operations. 
 
 The countries in which our products are manufactured or into which they are imported may from time-to-time impose new quotas, duties, tariffs and requirements as to where raw materials must be purchased to qualify for free or reduced duty. These countries also may create additional workplace regulations or other restrictions on our imports or adversely modify existing restrictions. Adverse changes in these costs and restrictions could harm our business. We cannot assure that future trade agreements or regulations will not provide our competitors an advantage over us or increase our costs, either of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. Nor can we assure that the changing geopolitical and U.S. political environments will not result in a trade agreement or regulation being altered which adversely affects our company. The U.S. government may decide to impose or alter existing import quotas, duties, tariffs or other restrictions on products or raw materials sourced from those countries, which include countries from which we import raw materials or in which we manufacture our products. Any such quotas, duties, tariffs or restrictions could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. 
 
 The apparel industry, including branded uniforms and healthcare, is subject to changing fashion trends and if we misjudge consumer preferences, the image of one or more of our brands may suffer and the demand for our products may decrease. 
 
 The apparel industry, including branded uniforms and healthcare, is subject to shifting customer demands and evolving fashion trends and our success is also dependent upon our ability to anticipate and promptly respond to these changes. Failure to anticipate, identify or promptly react to changing trends or styles may result in decreased demand for our products, as well as excess inventories and markdowns, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, if we misjudge consumer preferences, our brand image may be impaired. We believe our products are, in general, less subject to fashion trends compared to many other apparel manufacturers because the majority of what we manufacture and sell are branded uniforms, scrubs and other accessories. 
 
 Our Contact Centers business is dependent on the trend toward outsourcing. 
 
 Our Contact Centers business and growth within that segment depend in large part on the industry trend toward outsourced customer contact management services. Outsourcing means that an entity contracts with a third party, such as us, to provide customer contact services rather than perform such services in-house. There can be no assurance that this trend will continue, as organizations may elect to perform such services themselves. A significant change in this trend could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Risks Relating to Our Indebtedness and Retirement Plan Obligations 
 
 Our indebtedness may limit cash flow available to invest in the ongoing needs of our business. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, our total consolidated indebtedness was 156.1 million. Our outstanding indebtedness may have negative consequences on our business, such as requiring us to dedicate a sizable portion of our cash flow from operations to the payment of debt service, reducing the availability of our cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, dividends, stock buybacks and other general corporate purposes, and increasing our vulnerability to adverse economic or industry conditions. 

12

Table of Contents 

Our credit agreement contains restrictions that limit our flexibility in operating our business. 
 
 Our senior secured credit agreement contains various covenants that limit our ability to engage in specified types of transactions. These covenants limit our and our restricted subsidiaries ability to, among other things: 
 incur additional indebtedness or issue certain preferred shares; 
 pay dividends on, repurchase or make distributions in respect of our capital stock, or make other restricted payments; 
 make certain investments; 
 sell certain assets; 
 acquire other businesses; 
 create liens; 
 consolidate, merge, sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of our assets; and 
 enter into certain transactions with our affiliates. 
 
 Substantially all of the assets of the Company are pledged as collateral under our indebtedness. Our credit agreement requires compliance with certain financial ratios and covenants and satisfaction of specified financial tests. Failure to meet any financial ratios, covenants or financial tests could result in an event of default under our credit agreement. If an event of default occurs, our lenders could increase our borrowing costs, restrict our ability to obtain additional borrowings under our line of credit, accelerate all amounts outstanding or enforce its interest against collateral pledged under the credit agreement. 
 
 We have significant retirement plan obligations with respect to certain of our employees and our available cash flow may be adversely affected in the event that payments become due under our supplemental executive retirement plan that is unfunded. 
 
 The Company is the sponsor of an unfunded supplemental executive retirement plan SERP in which several of its employees are participants. In the event that payments become due under the SERP, we will have to use cash flow from operations or other sources to fund our obligations. As of December 31, 2022, we had 13.0 million in unfunded obligations related to the SERP. 
 
 Risks Relating to Our Common Stock 
 
 Certain existing shareholders have significant control. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, our executive officers and Directors, and certain of their family members collectively owned approximately 34.3 of our outstanding common stock. As a result, our executive officers and Directors, and certain of their family members, have significant influence over the election of our Board of Directors, the approval or disapproval of any other matters requiring shareholder approval, and the affairs and policies of our company. 
 
 We have identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. If we are unable to remediate the material weakness and otherwise maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, it could result in us not preventing or detecting on a timely basis a material misstatement of the Company s financial statements. 
 
 A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. As further disclosed in Item 9A. Controls and Procedures of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, management has identified a material weakness relating to segregation of duties, change management and user access within certain proprietary information technology systems of the Contact Centers segment. While these control deficiencies did not result in a misstatement to the consolidated financial statement, the material weakness could have resulted in a misstatement impacting account balances or disclosures that would have resulted in a material misstatement to the consolidated financial statements that would not have been prevented or detected on a timely basis. 
 
 Although we are implementing plans to remediate this material weakness, we cannot be certain of the success of the plans. If our remedial measures are insufficient to address the material weakness, or if one or more additional material weaknesses or significant deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting are discovered or occur in the future, or our disclosure controls and procedures are again determined to be ineffective, we may not be able to prevent or identify irregularities or ensure the fair and accurate presentation of our financial statements included in our periodic reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Additionally, the occurrence of, or failure to remediate, a material weakness and any future material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting or determination that our disclosure controls and procedures are ineffective may have other consequences that could materially and adversely affect our business, including an adverse impact on the market price of our common stock, potential actions or investigations by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission or other regulatory authorities, shareholder lawsuits, a loss of investor confidence and damage to our reputation. 

13

Table of Contents 

We have recently recognized, and may recognize in the future, impairment charges, which could materially adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We assess our intangible assets and long-lived assets for impairment when required by generally accepted accounting principles in the United States GAAP ). These accounting principles require that we record an impairment charge if circumstances indicate that the asset carrying values exceed their estimated fair values. 
 
 In conjunction with our re-segmentation during the second quarter of 2022, we performed a goodwill impairment analysis and determined that the estimated fair value of the previous Uniforms and Related Products segment was lower than its carrying value primarily as the result of market conditions, decline in expected cash flows and decrease in our stock price. During the third quarter of 2022, we determined that a triggering event occurred in relation to the depressed market price of the Company's common stock and corresponding significant decline in the Company s market capitalization. Consequently, the Company recorded a non-cash goodwill impairment charge of 45.9 million during the year ended December 31, 2022. In conjunction with our re-segmentation, we also began an effort to centralize certain branding and go-to-market strategies under the BAMKO brand and determined that we would no longer use certain trade names associated with branded products. Our rebranding efforts resulted in a 5.6 million non-cash impairment of indefinite-lived trade names related to our Branded Products segment during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 The estimated fair value of our intangible assets and long-lived assets is impacted by general economic conditions in the locations in which we operate. Deterioration in these general economic conditions may result in: declining revenue, which can lead to excess capacity and declining operating cash flow; reductions in management s estimates for future revenue and operating cash flow growth; increases in borrowing rates and other deterioration in factors that impact our weighted average cost of capital; and deteriorating real estate values. If our assessment of intangible assets or long-lived assets indicates an impairment of the carrying value for which we recognize an impairment charge, this may again adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations, potentially materially so. 
 
 Our share price may change significantly, and our shareholders may not be able to resell shares of our common stock at or above the price they paid or at all, and they could lose all or part of their investment as a result. If we sell any common stock or securities convertible into or exercisable for common stock under our universal shelf registration statement, our shareholders may be diluted. 
 
 The trading price of our common stock, as reported on the Nasdaq Stock Market, could fluctuate due to a number of factors such as those listed in Risks Relating to Our Business and include, but are not limited to, the following, some of which are beyond our control: 
 quarterly variations in our results of operations; 
 results of operations that vary from the expectations of securities analysts and investors; 
 results of operations that vary from those of our competitors; 
 changes in expectations as to our future financial performance, including financial estimates by securities analysts and investors; 
 announcements by us, our competitors or our vendors of significant contracts, acquisitions, divestitures, joint marketing relationships, joint ventures or capital commitments; 
 announcements by third parties of significant claims or proceedings against us; and 
 general domestic and international economic conditions. 
 
 Furthermore, the stock market has experienced extreme volatility that, in some cases, has been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of particular companies. These broad market and industry fluctuations may adversely affect the market price of our common stock, regardless of our actual operating performance. 

14

Table of Contents 

In the past, following periods of market volatility, shareholders have instituted securities class action litigation. If we were involved in securities litigation, it could have a substantial cost and divert resources and the attention of executive management from our business regardless of the outcome of such litigation. 
 
 Finally, in 2020 we filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission a universal shelf registration statement, pursuant to which we may offer and sell up to 120,000,000 in the aggregate of common stock, preferred stock, debt securities, warrants, units and subscription rights, and the selling shareholders may offer and sell up to 750,000 shares in the aggregate of our common stock, in each case from time to time in one or more offerings. Any such offering or sale may cause a decline in our share price and an offering by us of equity securities or securities convertible into or exercisable for equity securities may result in dilution to existing shareholders. 
 
 There can be no assurance that we will continue to pay dividends on our common stock, and our indebtedness could limit our ability to pay dividends on our common stock. 
 
 Payment of cash dividends on our common stock is subject to our compliance with applicable law and depends on, among other things, our results of operations, financial condition, level of indebtedness, capital requirements, contractual restrictions, business prospects and other factors that our board of directors may deem relevant. Our credit agreement contains, and the terms of any future indebtedness we incur may contain, limitations on our ability to pay dividends. Although we have paid cash dividends in the past, there can be no assurance that we will continue to pay any dividend in the future. 
 
 General Risk Factors 
 
 We are subject to periodic litigation in both domestic and international jurisdictions that may adversely affect our financial position and results of operations. 
 
 From time-to-time we may be involved in legal or regulatory actions regarding product liability, employment practices, intellectual property infringement, bankruptcies and other litigation or enforcement matters. These proceedings may be in jurisdictions with reputations for aggressive application of laws and procedures against corporate defendants. We are impacted by trends in litigation, including class-action allegations brought under various consumer protection and employment laws. Due to the inherent uncertainties of litigation in both domestic and foreign jurisdictions, we cannot accurately predict the ultimate outcome of any such proceedings. These proceedings could cause us to incur costs and may require us to devote resources to defend against these claims and could ultimately result in a loss or other remedies, such as product recalls, which could adversely affect our financial position and results of operations. 
 
 Volatility in the global financial markets could adversely affect results. 
 
 In the past, global financial markets have experienced extreme disruption, including, among other things, volatility in securities prices, diminished liquidity and credit availability, rating downgrades of certain investments and declining valuations of others. There can be no assurance that there will not be further change or volatility, which could lead to challenges in our business and negatively impact our financial results. Any future tightening of credit in financial markets could adversely affect the ability of our customers and suppliers to obtain financing for significant purchases and operations and could result in a decrease in orders and spending for our products and services. We are unable to predict the likely duration and severity of any disruption in financial markets and adverse economic conditions and the effects they may have on our business and financial condition. 
 
 Inability to attract and retain key management or other personnel could adversely impact our business. 
 
 Our success is largely dependent on the skills, experience and efforts of our senior management and other key personnel. If, for any reason, one or more senior executive or key personnel was not to remain active in our company, or if we were unable to attract and retain senior management or key personnel or our costs to do so increase significantly, our results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 
 If we are unable to accurately predict our future tax liabilities, become subject to increased levels of taxation or our tax contingencies are unfavorably resolved, our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 
 Changes in tax laws or regulations in the jurisdictions in which we do business, including the United States, or changes in how the tax laws are interpreted, could further impact our effective tax rate, further restrict our ability to repatriate undistributed offshore earnings, or impose new restrictions, costs or prohibitions on our current practices and reduce our net income and adversely affect our cash flows. 

15

Table of Contents 

We are also subject to tax audits in the United States and other jurisdictions and our tax positions may be challenged by tax authorities. Although we believe that our current tax provisions are reasonable and appropriate, there can be no assurance that these items will be settled for the amounts accrued, that additional tax exposures will not be identified in the future or that additional tax reserves will not be necessary for any such exposures. Any increase in the amount of taxation incurred as a result of challenges to our tax filing positions could result in a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 None. 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 
 The following table describes the material facilities we owned or leased as of December 31, 2022: 

Location 
 
 Status 
 
 Square Feet 
 
 Uses 

Seminole, Florida 
 
 Leased 
 
 60,000 
 
 Corporate Office, Branded Products, Healthcare Apparel and Contact Centers 

Belmopan, Belize 
 
 Leased 
 
 39,720 
 
 Contact Centers 

Compton, California 
 
 Leased 
 
 24,449 
 
 Branded Products 

Coppell, Texas 
 
 Leased 
 
 114,735 
 
 Healthcare Apparel 

Eudora, Arkansas 
 
 Leased 
 
 260,000 
 
 Branded Products and Healthcare Apparel 

Kingston, Jamaica 
 
 Leased 
 
 19,500 
 
 Contact Centers 

La Libertad, El Salvador 
 
 Owned 
 
 52,591 
 
 Contact Centers 

Lake Providence, Louisiana 
 
 Leased 
 
 215,000 
 
 Branded Products and Healthcare Apparel 

Lexington, Mississippi 
 
 Owned 
 
 40,000 
 
 Healthcare Apparel 

Monticello, Arkansas 
 
 Leased 
 
 92,000 
 
 Branded Products and Healthcare Apparel 

Oak Grove, Louisiana 
 
 Leased 
 
 158,330 
 
 Branded Products 

Ouanaminthe, Haiti 
 
 Leased 
 
 120,000 
 
 Branded Products and Healthcare Apparel 

Peachtree Corners, Georgia 
 
 Leased 
 
 23,400 
 
 Branded Products 

Phoenix, Arizona 
 
 Leased 
 
 21,243 
 
 Branded Products 

San Ignacio, Belize 
 
 Owned 
 
 11,732 
 
 Contact Centers 

San Salvador, El Salvador 
 
 Leased 
 
 17,777 
 
 Contact Centers 

Santiago, Dominican Republic 
 
 Leased 
 
 7,500 
 
 Contact Centers 

Tempe, Arizona 
 
 Leased 
 
 46,725 
 
 Branded Products 

The Company has an ongoing program designed to maintain and improve its facilities. The Company s properties have adequate productive capacity to meet the Company s present needs as well as those of the foreseeable future. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 
 We are a party to certain lawsuits in the ordinary course of business. We do not believe that these proceedings, individually or in the aggregate, will have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 Not applicable. 

16

Table of Contents 

PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 The principal market on which Superior s common shares are traded is the NASDAQ Stock Market under the symbol SGC. 
 
 We declared cash dividends of 0.54 per share during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, which were paid in the first, second, third and fourth quarters of 2022. 
 
 We intend to pay regular quarterly distributions to our holders of common shares, the amount of which may change from time to time; however, there can be no assurances that we will in fact pay such distributions on a regular basis. Future distributions will be declared and paid at the discretion of our Board of Directors, and will depend upon cash generated by operating activities, our financial condition, capital requirements, and such other factors as our Board of Directors deem relevant. 
 
 Under our credit agreement, if an event of default exists, we may not make distributions to our shareholders. The Company is in full compliance with all terms, conditions and covenants of such agreement. 
 
 On March 2, 2023, we had 136 shareholders of record. 
 
 Information regarding the Company s equity compensation plans is incorporated by reference to the information set forth in Item 12 of Part III of this Form 10-K under the section entitled Equity Compensation Plan Information. 
 
 Issuer Purchases o f Equity Securities 
 
 The table below sets forth information with respect to purchases made by or on behalf of Superior Group of Companies, Inc. or any affiliated purchaser (as defined in Rule 10b-18(a)(3) under the Exchange Act) of our common stock during the three months ended December 31, 2022. 

Period 
 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased 

Average Price Paid per Share 

Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs 

Maximum Number of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (1) 

October 1, 2022 to October 31, 2022 

- 

- 

- 

November 1, 2022 to November 30, 2022 

- 

- 

- 

December 1, 2022 to December 31, 2022 

- 

- 

- 

Total 

- 

- 

- 

657,451 

(1) 
 On May 2, 2019, the Company s Board of Directors approved a stock repurchase program of up to 750,000 shares of the Company s outstanding common stock. There is no expiration date or other restriction governing the period over which the Company can make share repurchases under the program. All purchases under this program will be open market transactions. 

Item 6. Reserved 

17

Table of Contents 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our Financial Statements, which present our results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, as well as our financial positions at December 31, 2022 and 2021, contained elsewhere in this Form 10-K. Some of the information contained in this discussion and analysis or set forth elsewhere in this Form 10-K, including information with respect to our plans and strategy for our business, includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. You should review the Special Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements and Risk Factors sections of this Form 10-K for a discussion of important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results described in or implied by the forward-looking statements contained in the following discussion and analysis. Additionally, we use a non-GAAP financial measure to evaluate our results of operations. For important information regarding the use of such non-GAAP financial measure, including reconciliations to the most comparable GAAP measure, see the section titled Non-GAAP Financial Measure below. 
 
 Recent Acquisitions 
 
 On January 29, 2021, the Company, through BAMKO, acquired substantially all of the assets of Gifts By Design, Inc. Gifts by Design of Seattle, Washington. Gifts by Design is a promotional products and branded merchandise agency that is well-established as a developer and supplier of corporate awards, incentives, and recognition programs for some of the world s biggest brands. The purchase price for the acquisition consisted of 6.0 million in cash. 
 
 On December 2, 2021, the Company, principally through BAMKO, acquired substantially all of the assets of Sutter s Mill Specialties, Inc. Sutter s Mill of Tempe, Arizona. Sutter s Mill is a vertically integrated manufacturer of high quality, decorated promotional products. Sutter's Mill has the capability to print on demand and create customized promotional programs and products for customers of any size. The purchase price of the acquisition consisted of the following: (a) 10.5 million in cash, (b) the issuance of 45,620 restricted shares of Superior s common stock that vest ratably over a three-year period, and (c) potential future payments of approximately 4.5 million in additional contingent consideration for calendar years 2022 through 2024 based on the results of the acquired business. 
 
 On May 1, 2022, the Company, through BAMKO, acquired substantially all of the assets of Guardian Products, Inc. Guardian of Norcross, Georgia. Guardian is a branded merchandise company that is one of the leading providers of promotional products to automotive dealers nationwide. The purchase price for the acquisition consisted of the following: (a) 11.1 million in cash, subject to a working capital adjustment, (b) the issuance of 116,550 restricted shares of Superior s common stock (the Guardian Stock that vest ratably over a three-year period, and (c) estimated potential future payments of approximately 2.3 million in additional contingent consideration based on the results of the acquired business through April 2025. The Guardian Stock is subject to transfer restrictions over the three-year period following the closing of the acquisition. 
 
 Business Outlook 
 
 Superior is comprised of three reportable business segments: (1) Branded Products, (2) Healthcare Apparel and (3) Contact Centers. Beginning in the second quarter of 2022, the Company realigned its reportable segments to correspond with changes to its organizational responsibilities, management structure and operating model. Prior to implementing the current segment reporting, the Company s Uniforms and Related Products segment included both healthcare apparel and uniforms. As part of the change in reportable segments, the branded portion of the uniforms business was combined with the previous Promotional Products segment to form the Branded Products segment, the healthcare apparel business became its own segment named Healthcare Apparel and income and expenses related to corporate functions that are not specifically attributable to an individual reportable segment are no longer presented in segment results. The previous Remote Staffing Solutions segment was renamed Contact Centers segment. All prior period segment information has been recast to reflect this change in reportable segments. 

18

Table of Contents 

Branded Products In our Branded Products segment, we produce and sell customized merchandising solutions, promotional products and branded uniform programs to our customers. As a strategic branding partner, we offer our customers customized branding solutions and strategies that generate favorable brand impressions, bolster customer retention and enhance employee engagement. Our products are sold to customers in a wide range of industries, including retail, hotel, food service, entertainment, technology, transportation and other industries. Sales volumes in this segment are impacted by a number of factors, including marketing programs of our customers and turnover of our customers employees, often times driven by the opening and closing of locations. The COVID-19 pandemic reduced demand for our products in many of our customers industries, such as the restaurant, transportation, hospitality and entertainment industries, which was more than offset by demand from customers in the delivery service industry and certain retail industries, such as grocery and pharmacy. The COVID-19 pandemic initially also created significant opportunities for us within the personal protective equipment market; while we continue to source some personal protective equipment for our customers, we anticipate that demand for personal protective equipment will continue to decline. From a long-term perspective, we believe that synergies within this segment will create opportunities to cross-sell products to new and existing customers. 
 
 Healthcare Apparel 
 
 In our Healthcare Apparel segment, we manufacture (through third parties or in our own facilities) and sell a wide range of healthcare apparel, such as scrubs, lab coats, protective apparel and patient gowns. We sell our brands of healthcare service apparel to healthcare laundries, dealers, distributors and retailers primarily in the United States. In 2021, the COVID-19 pandemic created increased demand for healthcare service apparel from laundries, dealers and distributors that service hospitals and other medical facilities. As a result, the healthcare apparel market has been oversupplied creating a slowdown in demand in 2022. Additionally, the market demand for personal protective equipment has declined as a result of the progression of the COVID-19 pandemic. From a long-term perspective, we expect that demand for our signature marketing brands, including Fashion Seal Healthcare and WonderWink , will continue to provide opportunities for growth and increased market share. Contact Centers 
 This business segment (also known as The Office Gurus ), which operates in El Salvador, Belize, Jamaica, Dominican Republic, and the United States, provides outsourced, nearshore business process outsourcing, contact and call-center support services to North American customers. These services are also provided internally to the Company s other two operating segments. The Office Gurus has become an award-winning business process outsourcer offering inbound and outbound voice, email, text, chat and social media support. The nearshore call-center market has grown as businesses look to reduce operating costs while maintaining high-quality customer support. Nearshore operators are able to provide comparable service to their U.S. counterparts at a fraction of the price. COVID-19 has acted as a catalyst for rapid transformation within the traditional business process outsourcing model. With an environment and career path designed to attract and maintain top talent across all sites, we believe The Office Gurus is positioned well to continue growing this business. 
 
 Global Economic and Political Conditions Economic and political events in the past twelve months have altered the landscape in which we and other U.S. companies operate in a variety of ways. In response to inflationary pressures, the U.S. Federal Reserve repeatedly has raised interest rates, resulting in an increase in the cost of borrowing for us, our customers, our suppliers, and other companies relying on debt financing. It has indicated that it likely will raise rates further. World events, such as the Russian invasion of Ukraine and the resulting economic sanctions, have impacted the global economy, including by exacerbating inflationary and other pressures. Prolonged inflationary conditions, high and/or increased interest rates, and additional sanctions or retaliatory measures related to the Russia-Ukraine crisis, or other situations, including deteriorating or prolonged diplomatic tension between the United States and China, could further negatively affect U.S. and international commerce and exacerbate or prolong the period of high energy prices. At this time, the extent and duration of these economic and political events and their effects on the economy and the Company are impossible to predict. Prolonged or recurring disruptions or instability in the United States and global economies, and how the world reacts to those disruptions or instability, could have long-term impacts on our business. These business impacts could negatively affect us in a number of ways, including, but not limited to, reduced demand for our core products and services, reductions to our revenue and profitability, costs associated with complying with new or amended laws and regulations affecting our business, declines in our stock price, reduced availability and less favorable terms of future borrowings, valuation of our pension obligations, reduced credit-worthiness of our customers, and potential impairment of the carrying value of indefinite-lived intangible assets. 

19

Table of Contents 

COVID-19 Impact The COVID-19 pandemic continues to affect our operations around the world and financial performance, although to a lesser extent than in the previous two years. Nonetheless, the cumulative impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows continues to depend on numerous factors that are difficult to predict. Prolonged or recurring periods of difficult market conditions could have material adverse impacts on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 In responding to the needs of our customers, we sourced personal protective equipment, including face masks, isolation gowns, sanitizers, gloves and COVID-19 testing kits, which contributed 6.6 million and 2.8 million to net sales during the year ended December 31, 2022 for our Branded Products segment and Healthcare Apparel segment, respectively. Personal protective equipment net sales for our Branded Products segment and Healthcare Apparel segment were 30.6 million and 8.0 million, respectively, during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 Sourcing of Goods and Raw Materials 
 
 Along with many manufacturers that source goods and raw materials from abroad, we experienced significant supply disruptions and delays due to a variety of reasons. These changes were partially driven by interruptions in global supply chains (including as a result of port congestion and trucking shortages) and partially by a shift in customer buying habits to e-commerce, which had the effect of increasing demand for shipping capacity from Asia, leading to capacity constraints. Both factors increased shipping times as well as the price of shipping, whether by sea, air, rail, or vehicle. 
 
 An interruption in any of our supply sources or facilities could adversely affect our results of operations until alternate sources or facilities can be secured. Principal fabrics used in the manufacture of the Company s finished goods include cotton, polyester, cotton-synthetic, poly-synthetic blends, textiles, plastic, glass, fabric and metal. The majority of such fabrics are sourced in China, either directly by us or our suppliers. If we are unable to continue to obtain our raw materials and finished products from China or if our suppliers are unable to source raw materials from China, it could significantly disrupt our business. Further, the Company and the Company s suppliers generally source or manufacture finished goods in parts of the world that may be affected by economic uncertainty, political unrest, logistical challenges (such as port strikes and embargos), foreign currency fluctuations, labor disputes, health emergencies, or the imposition of duties, tariffs or other import regulations by the United States, any of which could result in additional cost or limit our supply of necessary goods and raw materials. 
 
 Summary of Results 
 
 Net Income (loss) 
 
 The Company generated a net loss of 32.0 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 and net income of 29.4 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in net income during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 was primarily due to goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets impairment charges totaling 51.5 million in 2022, an increase in inventory write-downs of 10.8 million, a decrease in Healthcare Apparel net sales and an increase in selling and administrative expenses, partially offset by an increase in Branded Products and Contact Centers net sales, a decrease in income tax expense and a pension plan termination charge recorded in 2021. 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA (a non-GAAP financial measure) was 27.9 million and 51.5 million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Adjusted EBITDA during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 decreased primarily due to an increase in inventory write-downs, a decrease in Healthcare Apparel net sales and an increase in selling and administrative expenses, partially offset by an increase in Branded Products and Contact Centers net sales. For a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to net income (loss), its most directly comparable financial measure calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP, please read Non-GAAP Financial Measure below. 

20

Table of Contents 

The Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 
 Operations 
 
 Net Sales (in thousands, except percentages): 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Change 

Branded Products 

387,931 

340,487 

13.9 

Healthcare Apparel 

113,321 

139,288 

(18.6) 

Contact Centers 

84,218 

64,312 

31.0 

Net Intersegment Eliminations 

(6,639) 

(7,101) 

(6.5) 

Consolidated Net Sales 

578,831 

536,986 

7.8 

Net sales for the Company increased 7.8 from 537.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 578.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The principal components of this aggregate increase in net sales were as follows: (1) an increase in net sales for our Branded Products segment (contributing 8.8 ), (2) a decrease in net sales for our Healthcare Apparel segment (contributing (4.8 )), and (3) an increase in net sales for our Contact Centers segment after intersegment eliminations (contributing 3.8 ). 
 
 Branded Products net sales increased 13.9 , or 47.4 million, for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily due to net sales of 44.2 million attributable to the acquisitions of Sutter s Mill in December 2021 and Guardian in May 2022 and organic growth through new customers and the expansion of existing customers. These increases were partially offset by a decrease of 24.0 million in net sales of personal protective equipment driven by the progression of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 
 Healthcare Apparel net sales decreased 18.6 , or 26.0 million, for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease was primarily due to a decrease in demand for healthcare apparel resulting from market conditions in 2022, most notably, a market saturated with inventory as the COVID-19 pandemic progressed. Additionally, net sales of personal protective equipment decreased by 5.2 million. The sale of personal protective equipment during the year ended December 31, 2021 was driven by market demand as a result of the progression of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 
 Contact Centers net sales increased 31.0 before intersegment eliminations and 35.6 after intersegment eliminations for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. These increases were primarily attributed to providing expanded services to our existing customers and the onboarding of new customers in 2022. 
 
 Cost of Goods Sold 
 
 Cost of goods sold consists primarily of direct costs of acquiring inventory, including cost of merchandise, inbound freight charges, purchasing costs, and inspection costs for our Branded Products and Healthcare Apparel segments. Cost of goods sold for our Contact Centers segment includes salaries and payroll related benefits for agents. The Company includes shipping and handling fees billed to customers in net sales. Shipping and handling costs associated with out-bound freight are recorded in cost of goods sold. The cost of occupancy and operating the Company s distribution centers are included in selling and administrative expenses. 
 
 As a percentage of net sales, total cost of goods sold was 66.6 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 65.4 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The percentage increase was primarily due to an increase in inventory write-downs of 10.8 million, most of which related to excess and obsolete inventory on discontinued styles and personal protective equipment within our Healthcare Apparel segment. 
 
 As a percentage of net sales, cost of goods sold for our Branded Products segment was 70.4 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 70.6 for the year ended December 31, 2021. As a percentage of net sales, cost of goods sold remained relatively flat. 
 
 As a percentage of net sales, cost of goods sold for our Healthcare Apparel segment was 71.2 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 62.6 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The percentage increase was primarily due to 11.4 million in inventory write-downs in 2022 of excess and obsolete inventory related to discontinued styles and personal protective equipment. The inventory write-downs were primarily driven by current market conditions resulting in decreased demand for healthcare apparel, most notably, a market saturated with inventory as the COVID-19 pandemic progressed. 

21

Table of Contents 

As a percentage of net sales, cost of goods sold for our Contact Centers segment was 40.9 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 41.5 for the year ended December 31, 2021. As a percentage of net sales, cost of goods sold remained relatively flat. 
 
 Selling and Administrative Expenses 
 
 As a percentage of net sales, total selling and administrative expenses was 30.5 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 26.5 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily due to expense deleverage resulting from the 18.6 decrease in Healthcare Apparel net sales, an increase in employee costs, which was mostly driven by an increase in headcount to support growth in our Branded Products and Contact Centers segments and an increase in depreciation and amortization expense. These increases were partially offset by an unrealized gain of 1.6 million recognized during 2022 driven by a decrease in the fair value of written put options. For more information on the written put options, please refer to the disclosure in Note 1 to the Financial Statements, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 As a percentage of net sales, selling and administrative expenses for our Branded Products segment was 23.2 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 20.6 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The percentage increase was primarily attributed to increased investment to support future growth of this segment, including the expansion of our workforce, and a decrease in personal protective equipment net sales, which have disproportionately lower selling and administrative expenses associated with them. 
 
 As a percentage of net sales, selling and administrative expenses for our Healthcare Apparel segment was 34.7 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 25.7 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The percentage increase was primarily attributed to the decrease in sales explained above and an increase in selling and administrative expenses resulting from increased employee related costs, customer support costs, travel expenses and advertising activities. The decrease in sales included a decrease in personal protective equipment net sales, which have disproportionately lower selling and administrative expenses associated with them. 
 
 As a percentage of net sales, selling and administrative expenses for our Contact Centers segment was 39.9 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 36.9 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The percentage increase was primarily attributed to increased investment in organizational infrastructure, including facilities and personnel, to support future growth of this segment. 
 
 Goodwill Impairment Charge 
 
 In conjunction with the re-segmentation during the second quarter of 2022, the Company performed a goodwill impairment analysis and determined that the estimated fair value of the previous Uniforms and Related Products segment was lower than its carrying value primarily as the result of current market conditions, decline in expected cash flows and decrease in the Company s stock price. During the third quarter of 2022, the Company determined that a triggering event occurred in relation to the depressed market price of the Company s common stock and corresponding significant decline in the Company s market capitalization. As a result, the Company performed a goodwill impairment analysis and determined that the estimated fair value of the Branded Products segment was lower than its carrying value. Consequently, the Company recorded a non-cash goodwill impairment charge of 45.9 million during the year ended December 31, 2022. This charge was non-cash in nature and does not affect our liquidity or debt covenants. 
 
 Intangible Assets Impairment Charge 
 
 In conjunction with the Company s realignment of its reportable segments during the second quarter of 2022, the Company began an effort to centralize certain branding and go-to-market strategies under the BAMKO brand and determined that it would no longer use certain trade names associated with branded products. The Company s rebranding efforts resulted in a 5.6 million impairment of indefinite-lived trade names related to its Branded Products segment during the year ended December 31, 2022. This charge was non-cash in nature and does not affect our liquidity or debt covenants. 
 
 Pension Plan Terminations 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company completed the termination of its two noncontributory qualified defined benefit pension plans, which were fully funded. Consequently, the Company recognized a settlement charge of 7.8 million during the year ended December 31, 2021, which represents the acceleration of deferred charges previously included within accumulated other comprehensive loss, the impact of remeasuring the plan assets and obligations at termination and additional benefits from asset surpluses paid to plan participants. The pension plan terminations did not require a cash outlay by the Company. 

22

Table of Contents 

Gain on Sale of Property, Plant and Equipment 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company sold its corporate headquarters building and related assets for net proceeds of 4.8 million and realized a gain on sale of 3.4 million. This sale was part of management s plan to relocate the Company s corporate headquarters to St. Petersburg, Florida. 
 
 Interest Expense 
 
 Interest expense increased to 4.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 1.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. This increase was primarily due to an increase in interest rates on our outstanding borrowings, 0.5 million of expense relating to the write-off of unamortized debt issuance costs associated with our former senior secured credit facility and an increase in outstanding borrowings. The weighted average interest rate on our outstanding borrowings for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 2.4 compared to 0.9 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 
 The effective income tax rate was 15.9 and 11.1 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Income tax expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 was impacted by a tax benefit of 7.0 million relating to the impairment of intangible assets and a portion of the goodwill impairment. The effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2022 was impacted by the nondeductible portion of the goodwill impairment charge totaling 21.1 million. Income tax expense for the year ended December 31, 2021 was favorably impacted by a reversal of 1.8 million in deferred tax liabilities associated with the termination of the Company s two qualified defined benefit pension plans, 0.9 million of windfall tax benefits from stock options exercised and 0.6 million of stranded tax benefits recognized as a result of the Company s termination of its pension plans. For further discussion of changes in the effective tax rate, refer to Note 9 to the Financial Statements. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Overview 
 
 Management uses a number of standards in measuring the Company s liquidity, such as: working capital, profitability ratios, cash flows from operating activities, and activity ratios. The Company s balance sheet generally provides the ability to pursue acquisitions, invest in new product lines and technologies and invest in additional working capital as necessary. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 11.3 million of our cash was held in our foreign subsidiaries, of which 7.9 million of cash was held at foreign subsidiaries from which the Company plans to repatriate the funds as needed for liquidity. 
 
 The Company s primary source of liquidity has been its net income and the use of credit facilities and term loans as described further below. The cost of borrowing has increased in 2022, with the interest rate of outstanding borrowings under the revolving credit facility of 6.2 at December 31, 2022 compared to 0.9 at December 31, 2021 under the previous revolving credit facility. 
 
 In the future, the Company may continue to use credit facilities and other secured and unsecured borrowings as a source of liquidity. The Company may also begin relying on the issuance of equity or debt securities, including under its universal shelf registration statement (File No. 333-249760). There can be no assurance that any such financings would be available to us on reasonable terms. Any future issuances of equity securities or securities convertible into or exercisable for equity securities may be dilutive to our shareholders. Additionally, the cost of the Company s future sources of liquidity may differ from the costs of the Company s sources of liquidity to date. 
 
 Working Capital 
 
 Superior carries inventories of both raw materials and finished products, the practice of which requires substantial working capital, which we believe to be common in the industry. 

23

Table of Contents 

Cash and cash equivalents increased by 8.8 million to 17.7 million as of December 31, 2022 from 8.9 million on December 31, 2021. Working capital increased to 232.8 million at December 31, 2022 from 188.1 million at December 31, 2021. The increase in working capital was primarily due to increases in contract assets and cash and cash equivalents and decreases in the current portion of long-term debt and accounts payable. The increase in contract assets was primarily related to the timing of shipments to customers and receipts from suppliers for finished goods with no alternative use within our Branded Products segment. The increase in cash and cash equivalents was primarily related to the timing of payments on outstanding borrowings and proceeds from the sale of the Company s corporate headquarters building and related assets in 2022. The decrease in the current portion of long-term debt was the result of contractual obligations under the new credit agreement, which was entered into on August 23, 2022. The decrease in accounts payable was primarily driven by the timing of payments for inventory purchases within our Branded Products segment. 
 
 Material Short-Term Plans for Cash 
 
 For the next twelve months, our primary capital requirements is for capital to maintain our operations, meet the contractual obligations shown in the column titled 2023 in the contractual obligations table below, and to fund capital expenditures, dividends and other general corporate purposes. We currently anticipate that we will spend less in capital expenditures in 2023 than we spent in 2022. Management currently believes that the combination of our current cash level, cash flows provided by operating activities and availability under the revolving credit facility, subject to a potential amendment as described in Note 8 to the Financial Statements, will be sufficient to satisfy the above requirements for the next twelve months. 
 
 Material Long-Term Plans for Cash 
 
 Beyond the next twelve months, our principal demand for funds will be for maintenance of our core business, to satisfy the requirements shown in the columns 2024-2025 and 2026-2027 in the contractual obligations table below, as well as the obligations described in footnote (3) to the table, and the continuation of the Company s ongoing capital expenditure program designed to improve the effectiveness and capabilities of its facilities and technology. The Company at all times evaluates its capital expenditure program in light of prevailing economic conditions. Management currently believes that the combination of our current cash level, cash flows provided by operating activities and availability under the revolving credit facility, subject to a potential amendment as described in Note 8 to the Financial Statements, will be sufficient to satisfy the above requirements. 
 
 Contractual Obligations 
 
 The following table sets forth a summary of our material contractual obligations as of December 31, 2022 (in thousands): 

Payments Due by Period 

2023 

2024-2025 

2026-2027 

Thereafter 

Debt: 

Revolving credit facility(1) 

- 

- 

83,000 

- 

Term Loan(1) 

3,750 

10,313 

59,062 

- 

Operating leases 

3,207 

3,569 

1,080 

- 

Acquisition-related contingent liabilities(2) 

835 

4,126 

- 

- 

Total long term contractual cash obligations(3) 

7,792 

18,008 

143,142 

- 

(1) 
 Excludes estimates for interest payable as amounts are based on variable rates. See Note 8 to the Financial Statements. 

(2) 
 The amounts represent the expected cash payment. The amounts in our balance sheet are stated at fair value. 

(3) 
 Certain long-term liabilities have been excluded from this table as we cannot make a reasonable estimate of the period of cash settlement. These long-term liabilities include unrecognized tax benefits of 0.8 million, unfunded obligations related to the SERP of 13.0 million and deferred compensation liability of 7.7 million. 

24

Table of Contents 

Cash Flows 
 
 Our cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities, as reflected in the statements of cash flows, are summarized in the following table (in thousands): 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Net cash provided by (used in): 

Operating activities 

(2,604) 

17,080 

Investing activities 

(17,425) 

(34,130) 

Financing activities 

28,846 

20,995 

Effect of exchange rates on cash 

(30) 

(182) 

Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 

8,787 

3,763 

Operating Activities. The decrease in net cash provided by operating activities during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 was primarily attributable to increases in cash outflows for selling and administrative expenses, contract assets and accounts payable, partially offset by an increase in gross margin and a decrease in cash outflows for inventory. Working capital cash changes during the year ended December 31, 2022 included a decrease of 14.6 million in accounts payable and other current liabilities, an increase of 15.9 million in inventory and an increase of 15.1 million in contract assets. Working capital cash changes during the year ended December 31, 2021 included an increase of 24.5 million in inventories. 
 
 Investing Activities. The decrease in net cash used in investing activities during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 was attributable to a decrease in capital expenditures of 6.7 million primarily related to the expansion of our distribution facility in Eudora, Arkansas in the previous year and a decrease in cash paid for acquisitions, which included the acquisitions of Guardian in 2022, Sutter's Mill in 2021 and Gifts by Design in 2021. Additionally, the year ended December 31, 2022 included 4.8 million in net proceeds from the sale of the Company s corporate headquarters building and related assets. 
 
 Financing Activities. The increase in net cash provided by financing activities during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 was primarily attributable to an increase in net borrowings of 11.8 million in debt, partially offset by a decrease of 2.0 million in proceeds received on exercise of stock options and an increase in dividend payments of 1.4 million. 
 
 Credit Facilities (See Note 8 to the Financial Statements) 
 
 On August 23, 2022, the Company entered into a Credit Agreement (the Credit Agreement among the Company, the domestic subsidiaries of the Company, as guarantors, the lenders party thereto (the Lenders ), and PNC Bank, National Association, as administrative agent for the Lenders (the Administrative Agent ), pursuant to which the Lenders are providing the Company senior secured credit facilities maturing in August 2027 consisting of a revolving credit facility in the aggregate maximum principal amount of 125.0 million and a term loan in the original aggregate principal amount of 75.0 million (collectively, the Credit Facilities ), and the ability to request incremental revolving credit or term loan facilities in an aggregate amount of up to an additional 75.0 million, subject to obtaining additional lender commitments and satisfying certain other conditions. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 156.1 million in outstanding borrowings under its Credit Facilities, consisting of 83.0 million outstanding under the revolving credit facility and 73.1 million outstanding under a term loan. 
 
 Obligations outstanding under the Credit Facilities accrue interest at a variable rate equal to the secured overnight financing rate SOFR plus an adjustment of between 0.10 and 0.25 (depending on the applicable interest period) plus a margin of between 1.0 and 2.0 (depending on the Company s net leverage ratio). The interest rate on outstanding borrowings under the Credit Facilities was 6.2 at December 31, 2022. During the term of the revolving credit facility, the Company will pay a commitment fee on the unused portion of the revolving credit facility equal to between 0.125 and 0.250 (depending on the Company s net leverage ratio). The available balance under the revolving credit facility is reduced by outstanding letters of credit. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had undrawn capacity of 42.0 million under the revolving credit facility. 
 
 Contractual principal payments for the term loan are as follows: 2023 - 3.7 million; 2024 - 4.7 million; 2025 - 5.6 million; 2026 - 6.6 million; and 2027 - 52.5 million. The term loan does not contain pre-payment penalties. 

25

Table of Contents 

The Credit Facilities are secured by substantially all of the operating assets of the Company, and the Company s obligations under the Credit Facilities are guaranteed by all of its domestic subsidiaries. The Company s obligations under the Credit Facilities are subject to acceleration upon the occurrence of an event of default as defined in the Credit Agreement. The Credit Agreement contains customary events of default and negative covenants, including but not limited to those governing indebtedness, liens, fundamental changes, investments, restricted payments (including dividends and related distributions), liquidations, mergers, consolidations or acquisitions, affiliate transactions and sales of assets or subsidiaries. The Credit Agreement also requires the Company to comply with a fixed charge coverage ratio of at least 1.25 to 1.0 and a net leverage ratio not to exceed 4.0 to 1.0. The Company s net leverage ratio (as defined in the Credit Agreement) is generally calculated as the ratio of (a) indebtedness minus unrestricted cash to (b) consolidated EBITDA for the four most recently ended fiscal quarters. As of December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with these ratios as the Company s fixed charge coverage and net leverage ratios were 1.73 to 1.0 and 3.85 to 1.0, respectively. Based on the Company s forecast, it is more likely than not that the Company will exceed the net leverage ratio covenant during 2023. As a result, the Company has initiated good faith discussions with the lending agent on ways to address a potential amendment process, should an amendment be needed in order to maintain compliance throughout the year. Any such amendment or waiver would be subject to the applicable provisions of the Credit Agreement, including the approval of lenders constituting Required Lenders as defined under the Credit Agreement. 
 
 Dividends and Share Repurchase Program 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company paid cash dividends of 8.7 million and 7.2 million, respectively. The Company anticipates that it will continue to pay dividends in the future as financial conditions permit. 
 
 On May 2, 2019, the Company s Board of Directors approved a stock repurchase program of up to 750,000 shares of the Company s outstanding common stock. There is no expiration date or other restriction governing the period over which the Company can make share repurchases under the program. All purchases under this program will be open market transactions. The Company did not reacquire and retire shares of its common stock under this program during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. At December 31, 2022, the Company s remaining repurchase capacity under its common stock repurchase program was 657,451 shares. Shares purchased under the common stock repurchase program are constructively retired and returned to unissued status. The Company considers several factors in determining when to make share repurchases, including among other things, the cost of equity, the after-tax cost of borrowing, the debt to total capitalization targets and its expected future cash needs. 
 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measure 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA, which is a non-GAAP financial measure, is defined as net income (loss) excluding interest expense, income tax expense, depreciation and amortization expense, impairment charges and the other items described in the following sentence. The Company believes Adjusted EBITDA is an important measure of operating performance because it allows management, investors and others to evaluate and compare the Company s core operating results from period to period by (i) removing the impact of the Company s capital structure (interest expense from outstanding debt), (ii) tax consequences, (iii) asset base (depreciation and amortization), (iv) the non-cash charges from the termination of the Company s pension plans and the goodwill and intangible asset impairments and (v) gains or losses on sale of property, plant and equipment. The Company uses Adjusted EBITDA internally to monitor operating results and to evaluate the performance of its business. In addition, the compensation committee has used Adjusted EBITDA in evaluating certain components of executive compensation, including performance-based annual incentive programs. 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA is not a measure of financial performance under GAAP and should not be considered in isolation or as an alternative to net income (loss), cash flows from operating activities or any other measure determined in accordance with GAAP. The items excluded to calculate Adjusted EBITDA are significant components in understanding and assessing the Company s results of operations. The presentation of the Company s Adjusted EBITDA may change from time to time, including as a result of changed business conditions, new accounting pronouncements or otherwise. If the presentation changes, the Company undertakes to disclose any change between periods and the reasons underlying that change. The Company s Adjusted EBITDA may not be comparable to a similarly titled measure of another company because other entities may not calculate Adjusted EBITDA in the same manner. 

26

Table of Contents 

The following table reconciles net income (loss) to Adjusted EBITDA (in thousands): 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Net income (loss) 

(31,970) 

29,440 

Interest expense 

4,894 

1,220 

Income tax expense (benefit) 

(6,065) 

3,687 

Depreciation and amortization 

13,004 

9,291 

Goodwill impairment charge 

45,918 

- 

Intangible assets impairment charge 

5,581 

- 

Pension plan termination charge 

- 

7,821 

Gain on sale of property, plant and equipment 

(3,435) 

- 

Adjusted EBITDA 

27,927 

51,459 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 
 Our discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations are based upon our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. Our accounting policies are more fully described in Note 1 to the Financial Statements included in this Form 10-K. The preparation of the financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. On an on-going basis, we evaluate the estimates that we have made. These estimates are based upon our historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Our actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 
 
 Critical accounting estimates are those estimates made in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles that involve a significant level of estimation uncertainty and have had or are reasonably likely to have a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations. We believe that the following critical accounting policies and estimates have a higher degree of inherent uncertainty and require our most significant judgments. 
 
 Revenue Recognition 
 
 Revenue is measured at the amount of consideration we expect to receive in exchange for the goods or services. Variable consideration for estimated returns, allowances and other price variances is recorded based upon historical experience and current allowance programs. Contract termination terms may involve variable consideration clauses such as sales discounts and customer rebates, and revenue is adjusted accordingly for these provisions. Estimated amounts are included in the transaction price to the extent it is probable that a significant reversal of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is resolved. 
 
 Inventories 
 
 The Company at all times carries inventories of both raw materials and finished products. Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Judgments and estimates are used in determining the likelihood that goods on hand can be sold to customers. Historical inventory usage, current revenue trends and market conditions are considered in estimating both excess and obsolete inventories. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized a 13.6 million charge to cost of goods sold to write-down inventory to its net realizable value, of which 11.4 million related to our Healthcare Apparel segment and 2.2 million related to our Branded Products segment. The inventory write-downs in our Healthcare Apparel segment were related to excess and obsolete inventory associated with discontinued styles and personal protective equipment, which were primarily driven by current market conditions resulting in decreased demand for healthcare apparel, most notably, a market saturated with inventory as the COVID-19 pandemic progressed. The inventory write-downs in our Branded Products segment were related to excess inventory associated with personal protective equipment. If actual product demand and market conditions are less favorable than those projected by management, additional inventory write-downs may be required, which may be material. An additional write-down in value of 5 of inventories would result in additional expense of approximately 6.0 million. 

27

Table of Contents 

Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets 
 
 The Company has made acquisitions in the past that included goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets. Goodwill represents the excess of the cost of an acquisition over the fair value of the net assets acquired. Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets such as trade names are not amortized but are subject to an annual (or under certain circumstances more frequent) impairment test in the fourth quarter based on their estimated fair value. We test more frequently if there are indicators of impairment, or whenever such circumstances suggest that the carrying value of goodwill or trade names may not be recoverable. Examples of such events and circumstances that the Company would consider include the following: 

macroeconomic conditions such as deterioration in general economic conditions, limitations on accessing capital, or other developments in equity and credit markets; 

industry and market considerations such as a deterioration in the environment in which the Company operates, an increased competitive environment, a decline in market-dependent multiples or metrics (considered in both absolute terms and relative to peers), a change in the market for the Company s products or services, or a regulatory or political development; 

cost factors such as increases in raw materials, labor, or other costs that have a negative effect on earnings and cash flows; 

overall financial performance such as negative or declining cash flows or a decline in actual or planned revenue or earnings compared with actual and projected results of relevant prior periods; and 

other relevant entity-specific events such as changes in management, key personnel, strategy, or customers. 

An entity has the option to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether the existence of events or circumstances leads to a determination that it is more likely than not (that is, a likelihood of more than 50 that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. If, after assessing the totality of events or circumstances, an entity determines it is not more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, then performing the impairment test is unnecessary. Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are tested at a level of reporting referred to as the reporting unit. The Company s reporting units are defined as each of its three reporting segments. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company completed its testing of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets and determined that the fair value of each applicable reporting unit was more than its carrying value. 
 
 In conjunction with the re-segmentation during the second quarter of 2022, the Company performed a goodwill impairment analysis and determined that the estimated fair value of the previous Uniforms and Related Products segment was lower than its carrying value primarily as the result of current market conditions, decline in expected cash flows and decrease in the Company s stock price. During the third quarter of 2022, the Company determined that a triggering event occurred in relation to the depressed market price of the Company's common stock and corresponding significant decline in the Company s market capitalization. As a result, the Company performed a goodwill impairment analysis and determined that the estimated fair value of the Branded Products segment was lower than its carrying value. Consequently, the Company recorded a non-cash goodwill impairment charge of 45.9 million during the year ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had no remaining goodwill balance. The fair value of goodwill in each impairment test was determined using a combination of an income approach, which estimates fair value based upon projections of future revenues, expenses, and cash flows discounted to their respective present values, and a market approach. The valuation methodology and underlying financial information included in the Company s determination of fair value required significant judgments by management. The principal assumptions used in the Company s discounted cash flow analysis consisted of (a) long-term projections of financial performance and (b) the weighted-average cost of capital of market participants, adjusted for the risk attributable to the Company and the industry in which it operates. Under the market approach, the principal assumption included an estimate of a control premium. 
 
 In conjunction with the Company s realignment of its reportable segments during the second quarter of 2022, the Company began an effort to centralize certain branding and go-to-market strategies under the BAMKO brand and determined that it would no longer use certain trade names associated with branded products. The Company s rebranding efforts resulted in a 5.6 million impairment of indefinite-lived trade names related to its Branded Products segment during the year ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, indefinite-lived intangible assets of 13.6 million and 14.2 million were included in the Branded Products segment and the Healthcare Apparel segment, respectively. 

28

Table of Contents 

Income Taxes 
 
 The Company is required to estimate and record income taxes payable for federal, state and foreign jurisdictions in which the Company operates. This process involves estimating actual current tax expense and assessing temporary differences resulting from differing accounting treatment between tax and book that result in deferred tax assets and liabilities. In addition, accruals are also estimated for federal and state tax matters for which deductibility is subject to interpretation. Taxes payable and the related deferred tax differences may be impacted by changes to tax laws, changes in tax rates and changes in taxable profits and losses. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act Tax Act enacted on December 22, 2017 imposes a U.S. tax on global intangible low taxed income GILTI that is earned by certain foreign affiliates owned by a U.S. shareholder. GILTI is generally intended to impose tax on the earnings of a foreign corporation that are deemed to exceed a certain threshold return relative to the underlying business investment. In accordance with guidance issued by FASB, the Company made a policy election to treat future taxes related to GILTI as a current period expense in the reporting period in which the tax is incurred. The Company was impacted by GILTI relative to the earnings of its foreign subsidiaries, and is expected to be impacted in future periods, which may be material to our financial statements. Deferred income taxes are provided on undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries in the period in which the Company determines it no longer intends to permanently reinvest such earnings outside the United States. The Company expects to permanently reinvest the earnings from its wholly-owned Brazilian and UK subsidiaries, and accordingly, has not provided deferred taxes on the subsidiaries undistributed net earnings or basis differences. The Company believes that the tax liability that would be incurred upon repatriation of the earnings from its Brazilian and UK subsidiaries is immaterial at December 31, 2022. 
 
 Reserves are also estimated for uncertain tax positions that are currently unresolved. The Company routinely monitors the potential impact of such situations and believes that it is properly reserved. For the year ended December 31, 2022, there was a decrease of 0.1 million in total unrecognized tax benefits. As of December 31, 2022, we had an accrued liability of 0.8 million for unrecognized tax benefits. We accrue interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense, and the related liability is included in other long-term liabilities in our balance sheet. 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 
 We are subject to market risk exposure related to changes in interest rates on our debt. As a result of the Company entering into a new credit agreement on August 23, 2022, interest on our Credit Facilities is based upon the secured overnight financing rate SOFR ). As SOFR is a relatively new reference rate with a limited history, there may or may not be more volatility than with other reference rates such as LIBOR, which may result in increased borrowing costs for the Company. A hypothetical increase in the SOFR of 100 basis points between August 23, 2022, the date we entered into our new Credit Agreement, and December 31, 2022 would have resulted in approximately 0.6 million in additional pre-tax interest expense. For further information regarding our debt instruments, see Note 8 to the Financial Statements. 
 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Risk 
 
 Sales to customers outside of the United States are subject to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, which may negatively impact gross margin realized on our sales. Less than 5 of our sales contracts are denominated in foreign currencies. We cannot predict the effect of exchange rate fluctuations on our operating results. In certain cases, we may enter into foreign currency cash flow hedges to reduce the variability of cash flows associated with our sales and expenses denominated in foreign currency. As of December 31, 2022, we had no foreign currency exchange hedging contracts. There can be no assurance that our strategies will adequately protect our operating results from the effect of exchange rate fluctuations. 
 Financial results of our foreign subsidiaries in the Branded Products segment are denominated in their local currencies, which include the Hong Kong dollar, the Chinese renminbi, the British pound, the Indian rupee, the Brazilian real and the Canadian dollar. These operations may also have net assets and liabilities not denominated in their functional currency, which exposes us to changes in foreign currency exchange rates that impact income. Excluding intercompany payables and receivables considered to be long-term investments, changes in exchange rates for assets and liabilities not denominated in their functional currency are reported as foreign currency gains (losses) within selling and administrative expenses in our statements of comprehensive income (loss). During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 foreign currency losses were not significant. We also have exposure to foreign currency exchange risk from the translation of foreign subsidiaries from the local currency into the U.S. dollar. Comprehensive income (loss) during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, included foreign currency translation adjustment losses of 0.2 million and 0.3 million, respectively. 

29

Table of Contents 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 31 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 35 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 38 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 39 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 40 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 41 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 42 

30

Table of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 Board of Directors and Shareholders 
 
 Superior Group of Companies, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the financial statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Superior Group of Companies, Inc. (a Florida corporation) and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022, the related consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss), shareholders equity, and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ), and our report dated March 20, 2023 expressed an adverse opinion. 
 
 Basis for opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical audit matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Indefinite-lived Intangible Assets CID Resources Trade name 
 As described further in note 6 to the financial statements, the Company has an indefinite-lived intangible asset related to the CID Resources trade name of approximately 14.2 million. This indefinite-lived intangible asset is reviewed at least quarterly by the Company for impairment assessment. The Company considers historical and projected financial performance as well as industry information. We identified the quantitative fair value assessment of the CID Resources trade name in the second, third and fourth quarter as a critical audit matter. 
 
 The principal considerations for our determination that the impairment assessment of this indefinite-lived intangible asset is a critical audit matter are that the impairment assessment requires the Company to utilize subjective assumptions to estimate the discounted cash flows attributable to the CID Resources trade name, such as royalty rate and discount rate. This estimation process required a high degree of auditor judgement and an increased extent of effort. 

31

Table of Contents 

Our audit procedures related to the CID Resources trade name included the following, among others. 
 
 We obtained and understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of key controls relating to management s quantitative impairment assessment process including review of assumptions used in the model and the completeness and accuracy of forecasted information. 

We reviewed revenue forecasts prepared by management that were utilized in the model and performed sensitivity analyses on those forecasts. 

We utilized a valuation specialist to assess the appropriateness of the model utilized and underlying assumptions including the royalty rate and discount rate. 

/s/ 
 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2022. 

March 20, 2023 

32

Table of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 Board of Directors and Shareholders 
 
 Superior Group of Companies, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on internal control over financial reporting 
 We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Superior Group of Companies, Inc. (a Florida corporation) and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). In our opinion, because of the effect of the material weakness described in the following paragraphs on the achievement of the objectives of the control criteria, the Company has not maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by COSO. 
 
 A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of control deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. The following material weakness has been identified and included in management s assessment. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, management identified a material weakness relating to segregation of duties, change management and user access and within certain proprietary information technology systems of the Contact Centers segment. The Company determined that management s review controls over these areas are not designed effectively to detect a material misstatement related to the completeness, accuracy, and presentation of the financial statements. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the consolidated financial statements of the Company as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022. The material weakness identified above was considered in determining the nature, timing, and extent of audit tests applied in our audit of the 2022 consolidated financial statements, and this report does not affect our report dated March 20, 2023 which expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. 
 
 Basis for opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and limitations of internal control over financial reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

33

Table of Contents 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ GRANT THORNTON LLP 
 
 Tampa, Florida 
 March 20, 2023 

34

Table of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Shareholders 
 Superior Group of Companies, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Superior Group of Companies, Inc. and Subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2021, and the related consolidated statements of comprehensive income, shareholders equity, and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2021 and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements, revised as described in Note 17, present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

35

Table of Contents 

Emphasis of Matter Segment Reporting 
 
 As discussed in Notes 1 and 17 to the financial statements, beginning in the second quarter of 2022, the Company realigned its reportable segments to correspond with changes to its organizational responsibilities, management structure and operating model. The 2021 segment disclosures have been restated to conform to the 2022 presentation, within Note 17. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 
 Accounts Receivable - Specific Reserve 
 
 As described in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company s allowance for doubtful accounts receivable was approximately 6.4 million as of December 31, 2021. The allowance for doubtful accounts receivable consists of a general and a specific allowance. The specific allowance component represents reserves for losses estimated to have been incurred associated with accounts receivable specifically identified by management and evaluated based on factors such as the customer credit worthiness, the age of outstanding balances, and information obtained from discussions with the customer. If, based on management s evaluation of these factors, it is expected that a loss has been incurred on the collection of an accounts receivable balance, a specific allowance is recognized based on management s judgment regarding the incurred losses. We identified the estimate of incurred losses on the specific allowance component of the allowance for doubtful accounts receivable as a critical audit matter. 
 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures to evaluate the allowance for doubtful accounts receivable is a critical audit matter was the significant judgment by management when determining the estimated losses incurred for accounts receivable balances with a specific reserve, which in turn led to a high degree of auditor judgment and effort in performing procedures and evaluating management s significant assumptions related to the estimated incurred losses. 

36

Table of Contents 

The primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included: 
 
 Testing the design and operating effectiveness of the key controls relating to management s process for identifying specific impaired receivables and determining the expected losses incurred. 

Testing management s process for developing the estimate, including evaluation of the factors, judgments and evidence used to identify receivable balances and determine the losses. 

Obtaining a detail of individual accounts receivable balances and specific allowance by customer and evaluating the relevance and reliability of the data, factors, and assumptions considered by management in determining the estimated expected losses incurred, including whether management consistently applies the criteria in developing the estimate. 

Performing analytical analysis, including a retrospective review of specific allowances and losses recognized in 2021 and subsequent collections to evaluate if the ultimate outcome supports management s process for developing the estimates. 

Accounting for Income Taxes 
 
 As described in Notes 1 and 9 to the Company s financial statements, the Company operates in multiple jurisdictions through its wholly-owned subsidiaries. The Company services customers from operating facilities located both inside and outside the United States. As a result, the Company is subject to income taxes in multiple domestic and foreign jurisdictions, each of which affect the Company s accounting for income taxes. Accounting for the consolidated income tax provision requires estimates based on management s understanding of current enacted tax laws and tax rates of each tax jurisdiction. 
 
 We identified the evaluation of the accounting for income tax accounts as a critical audit matter. The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures to evaluate the accounting for income taxes is a critical audit matter. There is complexity and auditor judgement in the evaluation of the audit evidence necessary to assess the completeness and accuracy of the current and deferred income tax provisions specifically related to the significant number of deferred income tax positions resulting from previous business combinations, multi-jurisdictional operations, and the application of foreign tax laws and regulations. As a result, there is a need to involve personnel with specialized skill and knowledge. 
 
 The primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included: 
 
 Testing the design and operating effectiveness of certain internal controls over management s process for determining the income tax provision including controls over the identification and determination of the completeness and accuracy of the current and deferred income tax provisions. 

Evaluating the application of the relevant tax laws and regulations, and the impact of those on the determination of the Company s current and deferred income tax provisions including performing procedures designed to test the completeness and accuracy of the statutory rates used and permanent and temporary differences identified by obtaining an understanding of the tax laws applicable in various jurisdictions. 

Utilizing personnel with specialized skill and knowledge in domestic and international tax rules and laws to assist in evaluating the appropriateness and consistency of management s judgments, estimates, assumptions and documentation pertaining to the accuracy of the Company s current and deferred income tax provisions. 

Obtaining a detail of the permanent and temporary differences and deferred taxes and testing certain balances for accuracy by agreeing the reported amounts to applicable support such as statutory rates and internal accounting records. 

We began serving as the Company s auditor in 2013. 
 
 /s/ 
 
 March 23, 2022, except for Note 17, as to which the date is March 20, 2023 

37

Table of Contents 

SUPERIOR GROUP OF COMPANIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 

(In thousands, except shares and per share data) 

Years Ended December 31, 
 2022 2021 
 Net sales 
 
 Costs and expenses: 
 Cost of goods sold 
 Selling and administrative expenses 
 Goodwill impairment charge 
 Intangible assets impairment charge 
 Other periodic pension costs 
 Pension plan termination charge 
 Interest expense 
 
 Gain on sale of property, plant and equipment 
 Income (loss) before taxes on income 
 Income tax expense (benefit) 
 Net income (loss) 
 
 Net income (loss) per share: 
 Basic 
 Diluted 
 
 Weighted average shares outstanding during the period: 
 Basic 
 Diluted 
 
 Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: 
 Defined benefit pension plans: 
 Recognition of net losses included in net periodic pension costs 
 Recognition of settlement loss included in net periodic pension costs 
 Recognition of net losses included in pension plan termination charges 
 Current period gain (loss) 
 Loss on cash flow hedging activities 
 Foreign currency translation adjustment 
 Other comprehensive income (loss) 
 Comprehensive income (loss) 
 
 Cash dividends per common share 

See accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

38

Table of Contents 

SUPERIOR GROUP OF COMPANIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

(In thousands, except share and par value data) 

December 31, 
 2022 2021 
 ASSETS 
 Current assets: 
 Cash and cash equivalents 
 Accounts receivable, less allowance for doubtful accounts of 7,622 and 6,393 , respectively 
 Accounts receivable - other 
 Inventories 
 Contract assets 
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 Total current assets 
 Property, plant and equipment, net 
 Operating lease right-of-use assets 
 Deferred tax asset 
 Intangible assets, net 
 Goodwill 
 Other assets 
 Total assets 
 
 LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 
 Current liabilities: 
 Accounts payable 
 Other current liabilities 
 Current portion of long-term debt 
 Current portion of acquisition-related contingent liabilities 
 Total current liabilities 
 Long-term debt 
 Long-term pension liability 
 Long-term acquisition-related contingent liabilities 
 Long-term operating lease liabilities 
 Deferred tax liability 
 Other long-term liabilities 
 Commitments and contingencies (Note 12) 
 Shareholders equity: 
 Preferred stock, .001 par value - authorized 300,000 shares none issued) 
 Common stock, .001 par value - authorized 50,000,000 shares, issued and outstanding - 16,376,683 and 16,127,505 shares, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital 
 Retained earnings 
 Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: 
 Pensions 
 Cash flow hedges 
 Foreign currency translation adjustment 
 Total shareholders equity 
 Total liabilities and shareholders equity 

See accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

39

Table of Contents 

SUPERIOR GROUP OF COMPANIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS E QUITY 

(In thousands, except shares and per share data) 

Accumulated 
 Other 
 Additional Comprehensive Total 
 Common Common Paid-In Retained (Loss) Income, Shareholders 
 Shares Stock Capital Earnings net of tax Equity 
 Balance, January 1, 2021 
 Common shares issued upon exercise of options and SARs, net 
 Performance based shares issued 
 Restricted shares issued 
 Restricted shares issued in conjunction with acquisition of business 
 Share-based compensation expense 
 Tax withheld on exercise of Stock Appreciation Rights (SARs) 
 Tax withheld on exercise of performance based shares 
 Tax benefit from vesting of acquisition-related restricted stock 
 Cash dividends declared 0.46 per share) 
 Comprehensive income (loss): 
 Net earnings 
 Cash flow hedges, net of taxes of 3 
 Pensions, net of taxes of 2,636 
 Change in currency translation adjustment, net of taxes of 0 
 Balance, December 31, 2021 
 Cumulative-effect adjustment from adoption of ASU 2016-13 
 Common shares issued upon exercise of options and SARs, net 
 Performance based shares issued 
 Restricted shares issued, net of forfeitures 
 Restricted shares issued in conjunction with acquisition of business 
 Share-based compensation expense 
 Tax withheld on vesting of restricted shares and performance based shares 
 Written put options 
 Cash dividends declared 0.54 per share) 
 Comprehensive income (loss): 
 Net loss 
 Cash flow hedges, net of taxes of 6 
 Pensions, net of taxes of 1,281 
 Change in currency translation adjustment, net of taxes of 0 
 Balance, December 31, 2022 

See accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

40

Table of Contents 

SUPERIOR GROUP OF COMPANIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

(In thousands) 

Years Ended December 31, 
 2022 2021 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 
 Net income (loss) 
 Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by operating activities: 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 Goodwill impairment charge 
 Intangible assets impairment charge 
 Inventory write-downs 
 Provision for bad debts - accounts receivable 
 Share-based compensation expense 
 Deferred income tax benefit 
 Gain on sale of property, plant and equipment 
 Change in fair value of acquisition-related contingent liabilities 
 Change in fair value of written put options 
 Pension plan termination charge 
 Changes in assets and liabilities, net of acquisition of businesses: 
 Accounts receivable 
 Accounts receivable - other 
 Contract assets 
 Inventories 
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 Other assets 
 Accounts payable and other current liabilities 
 Payment of acquisition-related contingent liabilities 
 Long-term pension liability 
 Other long-term liabilities 
 Net cash provided by operating activities 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 
 Additions to property, plant and equipment 
 Proceeds from disposals of property, plant and equipment 
 Acquisition of businesses 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 
 Proceeds from borrowings of debt 
 Repayment of debt 
 Debt issuance costs 
 Payment of cash dividends 
 Payment of acquisition-related contingent liabilities 
 Proceeds received on exercise of stock options 
 Tax withholdings on vesting of restricted shares and performance based shares and on exercise of stock rights 
 Tax benefit from vesting of acquisition-related restricted stock 
 Common stock reacquired and retired 
 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 
 
 Effect of currency exchange rates on cash 
 Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 
 Cash and cash equivalents balance, beginning of year 
 Cash and cash equivalents balance, end of year 
 
 Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 
 Income taxes paid 
 Interest paid 

See accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

41

Table of Contents 

Superior Group of Companies , Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

million and realized a gain on sale of million. This sale was part of management s plan to relocate the Company s corporate headquarters to St. Petersburg, Florida. This sale is presented within our statements of comprehensive income (loss) as a separate line item titled gain on sale of property, plant and equipment. Property, plant and equipment is recorded at cost and depreciated using the straight-line method over its estimated useful life as follows: 
 to 
 Improvements (in years) to 
 Machinery, equipment and fixtures (in years) to 
 
 Leasehold improvements are depreciated over the terms of the leases to the extent that such improvements have useful lives of at least the terms of the respective leases. 

An entity has the option to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether the existence of events or circumstances leads to a determination that it is more likely than not (that is, a likelihood of more than 50 that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. If, after assessing the totality of events or circumstances, an entity determines it is not more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, then performing the impairment test is unnecessary. Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are tested at a level of reporting referred to as the reporting unit. The Company s reporting units are defined as each of its three reporting segments. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company completed its testing of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets and determined that the fair value of each applicable reporting unit was more than its carrying value. In conjunction with the re-segmentation during the second quarter of 2022, the Company performed a goodwill impairment analysis and determined that the estimated fair value of the previous Uniforms and Related Products segment was lower than its carrying value primarily as the result of current market conditions, decline in expected cash flows and decrease in the Company s stock price. During the third quarter of 2022, the Company determined that a triggering event occurred in relation to the depressed market price of the Company s common stock and corresponding significant decline in the Company s market capitalization. As a result, the Company performed a goodwill impairment analysis and determined that the estimated fair value of the Branded Products segment was lower than its carrying value. Consequently, the Company recorded a non-cash goodwill impairment charge of million during the year ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had no remaining goodwill balance. In conjunction with the Company s realignment of its reportable segments during the second quarter of 2022, the Company began an effort to centralize certain branding and go-to-market strategies under the BAMKO brand and determined that it would no longer use certain trade names associated with branded products. The Company s rebranding efforts resulted in a million impairment of indefinite-lived trade names related to its Branded Products segment during the year ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, indefinite-lived intangible assets of million and million were included in the Branded Products segment and the Healthcare Apparel segment, respectively. 

million and million, respectively, or approximately and of the respective total accounts receivable balances. The Branded Products segment has a substantial number of customers, none of which accounted for more than 10 of the segment s 2022 net sales. No customer accounted for more than 10 of the Healthcare Apparel segment's 2022 net sales. The Contact Centers segment s largest customer represented 12 of the segment s 2022 net sales. 
 Principal raw materials used in the manufacture of the Company s finished goods include cotton, polyester, cotton-synthetic, poly-synthetic blends, textiles, plastic, glass, fabric and metal. The majority of such fabrics are sourced in China, either directly by us or our suppliers. If we are unable to continue to obtain our raw materials and finished products from China or if our suppliers are unable to source raw materials from China, it could significantly disrupt our business. Further, the Company and the Company s suppliers generally source or manufacture finished goods in parts of the world that may be affected by economic uncertainty, political unrest, logistical challenges (such as port strikes and embargos), foreign currency fluctuations, labor disputes, health emergencies, or the imposition of duties, tariffs or other import regulations by the United States, any of which could result in additional cost or limit our supply of necessary goods and raw materials. 

shares of its common stock at fair market value (as defined in the agreement), subject to certain limitations. The written put options expire after twenty-four months and contain certain quarterly maximums. The written put options are liabilities under ASC 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity, because the options embody obligations to repurchase the Company s shares by paying cash. The original fair value of the written put options upon entering into the agreement was million. As of December 31, 2022 , the fair value of the written put options was million. The fair value of the written put options is based directly on the Company s stock price and included in other current liabilities in our balance sheets. The decrease in the fair value of the written put options resulted in the recognition of an unrealized gain of million during the year ended December 31, 2022 . Unrealized gains and losses from changes in the fair value of the written put options are included within selling and administrative expenses in our statements of comprehensive income (loss). At December 31, 2022 , the Company s remaining repurchase obligation under the written put options was shares of its common stock. 

million to reduce our opening balance of retained earnings as of the adoption date. Prior period amounts have not been adjusted and continue to reflect our historical accounting. In March 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020 - 04, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848 Facilitation of the Effects of Reference Rate Reform on Financial Reporting. This update provides optional guidance for a limited period of time to ease potential accounting impacts associated with transitioning away from reference rates that are expected to be discontinued, such as interbank offered rates and LIBOR. This guidance includes practical expedients for contract modifications due to reference rate reform. Generally, contract modifications related to reference rate reform may be considered an event that does not require remeasurement or reassessment of a previous accounting determination at the modification date. The adoption of this guidance had no impact to the Company. As a result of the Company entering into a new credit agreement on August 23, 2022 discussed in Note 8 , this guidance became not applicable to the Company. Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted The Company has considered all recent accounting pronouncements issued, but not yet effective, and does not expect any to have a material effect on its financial statements. 

Provision for bad debts 

Charge-offs 

() 

() 

Recoveries 

Balance at the end of year 

Provision for returns and allowances 

Actual returns and allowances paid to customers 

() 

() 

Balance at the end of year 

Work in process 

Raw materials 

Inventories 

Buildings, improvements and leaseholds 

Machinery, equipment and fixtures 

Accumulated depreciation 

() 

() 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

Depreciation expense was million and million in 2022 and 2021 , respectively. 

million during the year ended December 31, 2022 . 

We have reclassified prior period goodwill disclosures to conform to the current period presentation. The following table presents the carrying amounts of goodwill attributable to each of the Company s reportable segments (dollars in thousands): 

Accumulated impairment losses 

Net goodwill 

Additions 

Foreign currency translation 

() 

() 

Net goodwill, December 31, 2021 

As of December 31, 2021: 

Gross goodwill 

Accumulated impairment losses 

Net goodwill 

Additions 

Impairment charge 

() 

() 

() 

Foreign currency translation 

Net goodwill, December 31, 2022 

As of December 31, 2022: 

Gross goodwill 

Accumulated impairment losses 

() 

() 

() 

Net goodwill 

Intangible Assets 
 
 In conjunction with the Company s realignment of its reportable segments during the second quarter of 2022, the Company began an effort to centralize certain branding and go-to-market strategies under the BAMKO brand and determined that it would no longer use certain trade names associated with branded products. The Company s rebranding efforts resulted in a million impairment of indefinite-lived trade names related to its Branded Products segment during the year ended December 31, 2022 . The carrying amounts of indefinite-lived trade names as of December 31, 2021 and year ended December 31, 2022 are summarized as follows (dollars in thousands): 

BAMKO 
 Branded Products 

Public Identity 
 Branded Products 

() 

Tangerine 
 Branded Products 

() 

Gifts By Design 
 Branded Products 

() 

Sutter s Mill 
 Branded Products 

() 

CID Resources 
 Healthcare Apparel 

Total 

() 

Intangible assets as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 are summarized as follows (dollars in thousands): 

() 

() 

Non-compete agreements (3-7 year life) 

() 

() 

Trademarks 

() 

() 

Trade names 

() 

Total 

() 

() 

Indefinite-lived intangible assets: 

Trade names 

Total intangible assets 

() 

() 

Amortization expense for intangible assets for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was million and million, respectively. 
 
 Estimated future intangible amortization expense is as follows (in thousands): 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

Contract liabilities 

Accrued rebates 

Current operating lease liabilities 

Written put options 

401K profit sharing accrual 

Other accrued expenses 

Other current liabilities 

Term loan due August 2027 
 Revolving credit facility due February 2026 
 Term loan due February 2024 
 Term loan due January 2026 
 
 Less: 
 Payments due within one year included in current liabilities 
 Debt issuance costs 
 Long-term debt less current maturities 

On August 23, 2022, the Company entered into a Credit Agreement (the Credit Agreement among the Company, the domestic subsidiaries of the Company, as guarantors, the lenders party thereto (the Lenders ), and PNC Bank, National Association, as administrative agent for the Lenders (the Administrative Agent ), pursuant to which the Lenders are providing the Company senior secured credit facilities maturing in August 2027 consisting of a revolving credit facility in the aggregate maximum principal amount of million and a term loan in the original aggregate principal amount of million (collectively, the Credit Facilities ), and the ability to request incremental revolving credit or term loan facilities in an aggregate amount of up to an additional million, subject to obtaining additional lender commitments and satisfying certain other conditions. The Company incurred million in transaction costs related to the Credit Facilities. These costs are included as a reduction of debt and amortized over the term of the Credit Facilities. 
 
 On August 23, 2022, in connection with entering into the Credit Agreement, the Company repaid all outstanding indebtedness owed under the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of February 8, 2021 between the Company and Truist Bank (the Truist Credit Agreement ), consisting of a revolving credit facility with an outstanding balance of million and term loans with an aggregate outstanding balance of million, and terminated the Truist Credit Agreement. The Company did not incur any termination penalties in connection with the early termination of the Truist Credit Agreement. As a result of the termination of the Truist Credit Agreement, the Company expensed million of unamortized debt issuance costs associated with our former senior secured credit facility in the third quarter of 2022, which is reflected in interest expense in our statements of comprehensive income (loss). 
 
 Obligations outstanding under the Credit Facilities accrue interest at a variable rate equal to the secured overnight financing rate SOFR plus an adjustment of between and (depending on the applicable interest period) plus a margin of between and (depending on the Company s net leverage ratio). The interest rate on outstanding borrowings under the Credit Facilities was at December 31, 2022 . During the term of the revolving credit facility, the Company will pay a commitment fee on the unused portion of the revolving credit facility equal to between and (depending on the Company s net leverage ratio). The available balance under the revolving credit facility is reduced by outstanding letters of credit. As of December 31, 2022 , there were no outstanding letters of credit under the revolving credit facility. 
 
 Contractual principal payments for the term loan are as follows: 2023 - million; 2024 - million; 2025 - million; 2026 - million; and 2027 - million. The term loan does not contain pre-payment penalties. 

The Credit Facilities are secured by substantially all of the operating assets of the Company, and the Company s obligations under the Credit Facilities are guaranteed by all of its domestic subsidiaries. The Company s obligations under the Credit Facilities are subject to acceleration upon the occurrence of an event of default as defined in the Credit Agreement. The Credit Agreement contains customary events of default and negative covenants, including but not limited to those governing indebtedness, liens, fundamental changes, investments, restricted payments (including dividends and related distributions), liquidations, mergers, consolidations or acquisitions, affiliate transactions and sales of assets or subsidiaries. The Credit Agreement also requires the Company to comply with a fixed charge coverage ratio of at least to 1.0 and a net leverage ratio not to exceed to 1.0. The Company s net leverage ratio (as defined in the Credit Agreement) is generally calculated as the ratio of (a) indebtedness minus unrestricted cash to (b) consolidated EBITDA for the four most recently ended fiscal quarters. As of December 31, 2022 , the Company was in compliance with these ratios as the Company s fixed charge coverage and net leverage ratios were to 1.0 and 3.85 to 1.0, respectively. Based on the Company s forecast, it is more likely than not that the Company will exceed the net leverage ratio covenant during 2023. As a result, the Company has initiated good faith discussions with the lending agent on ways to address a potential amendment process, should an amendment be needed in order to maintain compliance throughout the year. Any such amendment or waiver would be subject to the applicable provisions of the Credit Agreement, including the approval of lenders constituting Required Lenders as defined under the Credit Agreement. 
 
 The Company was previously a party to an interest rate swap pursuant to which it made fixed payments and received floating payments. In connection with entering into the Credit Agreement, the Company terminated the interest rate swap. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, a gain of million and million, respectively, was recognized on the interest rate swap. 
 
 Debt Maturity Schedule 
 
 Contractual maturities of debt (excluding interest to be accrued thereon) at December 31, 2022 are as follows (in thousands): 

2024 
 2025 
 2026 
 2027 
 Thereafter 
 Total debt 

Foreign 

Income (loss) before taxes on income 

() 

Aggregate income tax provisions consist of the following (in thousands): 

State and local 

Foreign 

Deferred Taxes: 

Deferred tax benefit 

() 

() 

Income tax expense (benefit) 

() 

The significant components of the deferred income tax asset (liability) are as follows (in thousands): 

Operating reserves and other accruals 

Book carrying value in excess of tax basis of intangibles 

Capitalized research expenses 

Tax credits 

Deferred income tax liabilities: 

Book carrying value in excess of tax basis of property 

() 

() 

Book carrying value in excess of tax basis of intangibles 

() 

Deferred expenses 

() 

() 

Net deferred income tax asset (liability) 

() 

The difference between the total statutory Federal income tax rate and the actual effective income tax rate is accounted for as follows: 

State and local income taxes, net of federal income tax benefit 

Rate impacts due to foreign operations 

() 

Changes in uncertain tax positions 

() 

Compensation related 

() 

() 

Pension termination 

() 

() 

R D tax credits 

() 

Impairment charge 

() 

Other 

() 

() 

Effective income tax rate 

The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act enacted on December 22, 2017 imposed a U.S. tax on global intangible low taxed income GILTI that is earned by certain foreign affiliates owned by a U.S. shareholder. The computation of GILTI is generally intended to impose tax on the earnings of a foreign corporation that are deemed to exceed a certain threshold return relative to the underlying business investment. In accordance with guidance issued by FASB, the Company made a policy election to treat future taxes related to GILTI as a current period expense in the reporting period in which the tax is incurred. Deferred income taxes are provided on undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries in the period in which the Company determines it no longer intends to permanently reinvest such earnings outside the United States. The Company expects to permanently reinvest the earnings from its wholly-owned Brazilian and UK subsidiaries, and accordingly, has not provided deferred taxes on the subsidiaries undistributed net earnings or basis differences. The Company believes that the tax liability that would be incurred upon repatriation of the earnings from its Brazilian and UK subsidiaries is immaterial at December 31, 2022 . 
 
 Only tax positions that meet the more-likely-than- not recognition threshold are recognized in the financial statements. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , we had million and million, respectively, of unrecognized tax benefits, all of which, if recognized, would favorably affect the annual effective income tax rate. We do not expect any significant amount of this liability to be paid in the next twelve months. Accordingly, the balance of million as of December 31, 2022 is included in other long-term liabilities. 

Changes in the Company s gross liability for unrecognized tax benefits, excluding interest and penalties, were as follows (in thousands): 

Additions based on tax positions related to the current year 

Additions for tax positions of prior years 

Reductions due to lapse of statute of limitations 

() 

() 

Balance at the end of year 

We accrue interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense, and the related liability is included in other long-term liabilities in our balance sheet. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , we recognized million and million, respectively, for interest and penalties, net of tax benefits. During the year ended 2022 there was no significant reduction to the liability for interest and penalties due to any lapses in statute of limitations. During the year 2021 we reduced the liability by million, for interest and penalties due to lapse of statute of limitations. At December 31, 2022 and 2021 , we had million and million, respectively, accrued for interest and penalties, net of tax benefit. 
 
 We anticipate that it is reasonably possible that the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits could decrease by approximately 0.2 million within the next twelve months due to the closure of tax years by expiration of the statute of limitations and audit settlements related to various state tax filing positions. The earliest year open to federal examinations is 2019 and significant state examinations is 2016. 

noncontributory qualified defined benefit pension plans, providing for normal retirement at age 65, covering all eligible employees (as defined). Effective June 30, 2013, the Company no longer accrued additional benefits for future service or for future increases in compensation levels for the Company s primary defined benefit pension plan. Effective December 31, 2014, the Company no longer accrued additional benefits for future service for the Company s hourly defined benefit plan. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company completed the termination of its two noncontributory qualified defined benefit pension plans, which were fully funded. The Company settled its obligations under the plans by providing lump-sum payments of million to eligible participants who elected to receive them and entering into an annuity purchase contract for the remaining liability of million. Consequently, the Company recognized a settlement charge of million during the year ended December 31, 2021, which represents the acceleration of deferred charges previously included within accumulated other comprehensive loss, the impact of remeasuring the plan assets and obligations at termination and additional benefits from asset surpluses paid and expected to be paid to plan participants. The pension plan terminations did not require a cash outlay by the Company. 
 
 The Company is also the sponsor of an unfunded supplemental executive retirement plan SERP in which several employees participate. The Company s projected benefit obligation under the unfunded SERP was million. Contributions to the plan are made in accordance with statutory funding requirements and any additional funding that may be deemed appropriate. 

The following tables present the changes in the benefit obligations and the various plan assets, the funded status of the plans, and the amounts recognized in the Company s balance sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021 (in thousands): 

Service cost 

Interest cost 

Actuarial (gain) loss 

() 

Benefits paid 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Lump sum benefits paid 

() 

() 

Amendments 

Effect of settlement/curtailment 

() 

() 

Benefit obligation at end of year 

Changes in plan assets: 

Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year 

Actual return on assets 

() 

() 

Employer contributions 

() 

Benefits paid 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Lump sum benefits paid 

() 

() 

Fair value of plan assets at end of year 

Funded status at end of year 

() 

() 

() 

Amounts recognized in balance sheets: 

Other assets 

Other current liabilities 

() 

() 

() 

Long-term pension liability 

() 

() 

() 

Net amount recognized 

() 

() 

() 

Amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive loss consist of: 

Net actuarial loss 

Information for benefit plans with projected benefit obligation in excess of plan assets depicted as follows (in thousands): 

Fair value of plan assets 

() 

() 

Underfunded (Overfunded) 

() 

Components of net periodic benefit cost related to pension plans were as follows (in thousands): 

Expected return on plan assets 

() 

Recognized actuarial loss 

Settlement loss 

Pension plan termination charge 

Net periodic pension cost after settlements 

The termination of the Company s two noncontributory qualified defined benefit pension plans in 2021 resulted in a non-cash charge of million during the year ended December 31, 2021. The pension settlement losses included in the table above resulted from lump sum pension payments made to various employees upon their retirement or termination during the periods specified. The pension settlement losses did not require a cash outlay by the Company. The pension plan termination charge is presented as a separate line in our statements of comprehensive income (loss) and the other components of net periodic pension cost are included in other periodic pension costs in our statements of comprehensive income (loss). 
 
 Components of net periodic benefit cost related to the SERP were as follows (in thousands): 

Interest cost on projected benefit obligation 

Recognized actuarial loss 

Net periodic pension cost after settlements 

The service cost component is included in selling and administrative expenses in our statements of comprehensive income (loss) and the other components of net periodic pension cost are included in other periodic pension costs in our statements of comprehensive income (loss). The estimated net actuarial loss for the SERP that will be amortized from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) into net periodic benefit cost over the next fiscal year is million. 
 
 The following table presents the weighted-average assumptions used to determine benefit obligations as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 : 

N/A 

2022 

N/A 

The following table presents the weighted-average assumptions used to determine net periodic benefit cost for years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022: 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

2022 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

The following table includes projected benefit payments for the years indicated (in thousands): 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028-2032 

Rabbi Trust 
 In connection with the Company s unfunded SERP, we have life insurance contracts on the lives of designated individuals. The insurance contracts associated with the SERP are held in a Rabbi trust. The trust is the owner and beneficiary of such insurance contracts. The policies are being utilized to help offset the costs and liabilities of the SERP. The cash surrender value of the life insurance contracts was million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. The cash surrender value of these policies is included in other assets in the balance sheets. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 we recognized an investment loss of million and an investment gain of million, respectively, on the cash surrender value of these life insurance contracts. 
 
 In 2013, we initiated a Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Plan, and we have purchased life insurance contracts on the lives of designated individuals. The insurance contracts associated with the Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Plan are also held in a Rabbi trust. The trust is the owner and beneficiary of such insurance contracts. The policies are being utilized to help offset the costs and liabilities of the Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Plan. The cash surrender value of the life insurance contracts was million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. The cash surrender value of these policies is included in other assets in the balance sheets. The liability for participant deferrals was million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively, and is included in other long-term liabilities in the balance sheets. 
 
 Defined Contribution Plan 
 
 The Company provides a defined contribution plan covering qualified employees. The plan includes a provision that allows employees to make pre-tax contributions under Section 401 (k) of the Internal Revenue Code. The plan provides for the Company to make a guaranteed match equal to of each employee s eligible contributions. The plan also provides the Company with the option of making an additional discretionary contribution to the plan each year. The Company expensed employer matching contributions of million and million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

million of operating lease liabilities million in other current liabilities and million in long-term operating lease liabilities), which represents the present value of the remaining lease payments, and million of operating lease right-of-use assets, which includes prepaid rent of million. As of December 31, 2021 , the Company had million of operating lease liabilities million in other current liabilities and million in long-term operating lease liabilities), which represents the present value of the remaining lease payments, and million of operating lease right-of-use assets, which includes prepaid rent of million. The depreciable-life of right-of-use assets is generally limited by the expected lease term. The Company does not have any material leases, individually or in the aggregate, classified as a finance leasing arrangement. 
 
 The components of lease cost were as follows (in thousands): 

Short-term lease costs 

Total lease costs 

Cash flow and noncash information related to our operating leases were as follows (in thousands): 

Non-cash Operating lease right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new lease liabilities 

Other supplemental information related to our operating leases was as follows: 

Weighted average discount rate 

Maturities of operating lease liabilities as of December 31, 2022 were as follows (in thousands): 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total lease payments 

Less imputed interest 

Present value of lease liabilities 

million, none of which is expected to be paid within the next twelve months. The total estimated undiscounted remaining payment related to this contingent consideration payable is between million and million. The purchase price to acquire substantially all of the assets of Guardian Products, Inc. Guardian in May 2022 included contingent consideration based on varying levels of Guardian s EBITDA in each measurement period through April 2025. The estimated fair value of Guardian acquisition-related contingent consideration payable as of December 31, 2022 was million, of which million is expected to be paid in the third quarter of 2023. The total estimated undiscounted remaining payment related to this contingent consideration payable is between million and million. The Company will continue to evaluate these liabilities for remeasurement at the end of each reporting period and any changes will be recorded in the Company s statements of comprehensive income (loss). The carrying amount of the liability may fluctuate significantly and actual amounts paid may be different from the estimated value of the liability. 
 
 The Company is involved in various legal actions and claims arising from the normal course of business. In the opinion of management, the ultimate outcome of these matters is not expected to have a material impact on the Company s results of operations, cash flows, or financial position. 

shares of common stock have been reserved for issuance under the 2022 Plan. All options and SARs have been or will be granted with exercise prices at least equal to the fair market value of the shares on the date of grant. At December 31, 2022 , the Company had shares of common stock available for grant of share-based compensation under the 2022 Plan. The 2022 Plan replaced the 2013 Plan. No new awards will be granted under the 2013 Plan, but outstanding awards granted under the 2013 Plan will continue unaffected. 

Share-based compensation is recorded in selling and administrative expense in the statements of comprehensive income (loss). The following table details the share-based compensation expense by type of award and the total related tax benefit for the periods presented (in thousands): 

Restricted stock 

Performance shares 

Total share-based compensation expense 

Related income tax benefit 

Stock Options and Stock Appreciation Rights SARs 
 
 The Company grants stock options and stock-settled SARs to employees that allow them to purchase shares of the Company s common stock. Stock options are also granted to outside members of the Board of Directors of the Company. The Company determines the fair value of stock options and SARs at the date of grant using the Black-Scholes valuation model. Assumptions regarding volatility, risk-free interest rate, expected term and dividend yield are required for the Black-Scholes model. The risk-free interest rate is based on the yield of a U.S. treasury bond with a similar maturity to the award s expected life. The expected life for awards granted is based on the historical exercise patterns experienced by the Company when the award is made. The determination of expected stock price volatility for awards is based on historical Superior common stock prices over a period commensurate with the expected life. The dividend yield assumption is based on the history and expectation of the Company s dividend payouts. 
 
 The following table summarizes significant assumptions utilized to determine the fair value of stock options and SARs: 
 
 - 

- 

Expected volatility 

46.8 -65.0 

46.9 -65.0 

Expected dividend yield 

2.4 -5.6 

1.6 -2.2 

Weighted average fair value per share at grant date 

SARs: 

Risk free interest rate 

1.6 -3.8 

Expected award life (years) 

- 

Expected volatility 

61.6 -64.8 

Expected dividend yield 

2.4 -5.6 

Weighted average fair value per share at grant date 

All stock options and SARs granted prior to August 3, 2018 vested immediately when granted. Awards issued thereafter vest between one and three years after the grant date. Employee awards expire five years after the grant date, and those issued to directors expire ten years after the grant date. The Company issues new shares upon the exercise of stock options and SARs. Stock options and SARs granted in tandem with stock options are subject to accelerated vesting under certain circumstances as outlined in the 2013 Plan and the 2022 Plan, as applicable. 

A summary of stock option transactions during the year ended December 31, 2022 follows: 

Granted 

Exercised 

() 

Lapsed or cancelled 
 
 (55,414) 

Outstanding, December 31, 2022 

Exercisable, December 31, 2022 

Intrinsic value is the difference between the market value of our common stock and the exercise price of each stock option multiplied by the number of stock options outstanding for those stock options where the market value exceeds their exercise price. Options exercised during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 had intrinsic values of million and million, respectively. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 the Company received million and million, respectively, in cash from stock option exercises. Current tax benefits of million were recognized for these exercises during the year ended December 31, 2021 . No current tax benefits on stock option exercises were recognized during the year ended December 31, 2022. Additionally, during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 the Company received and shares, respectively, of its common stock as payment of the exercise price in the exercise of stock options for and shares, respectively, of its common stock. As of December 31, 2022 , the Company had million in unrecognized compensation related to nonvested stock options to be recognized over the remaining weighted average vesting period of years. 
 
 A summary of stock-settled SARs transactions during the year ended December 31, 2022 follows: 

Granted 

Exercised 

() 

Lapsed or cancelled 

() 

Outstanding, December 31, 2022 

Exercisable, December 31, 2022 

SARs exercised during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 had intrinsic values of million and million, respectively. Current tax benefits of million were recognized for these exercises during the year ended December 31, 2021. No current tax benefits on SAR exercises were recognized during the year ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022 , the Company had million in unrecognized compensation related to nonvested SARs to be recognized over the remaining weighted average vesting period of year. 
 
 Restricted Stock 
 The Company has granted shares of restricted stock to directors and certain employees, which vest at a specified future date, generally after three years, over five years or when certain conditions are met. The shares are subject to accelerated vesting under certain circumstances as outlined in the 2013 Plan and the 2022 Plan, as applicable. Expense for each of these grants is based on the fair value at the date of the grant and is being recognized on a straight-line basis over the respective service period. 

A summary of restricted stock transactions during the year ended December 31, 2022 follows: 

Granted 

Vested 

() 

Forfeited 

() 

Outstanding, December 31, 2022 

As of December 31, 2022 , the Company had million of unrecognized compensation cost related to nonvested restricted stock grants expected to be recognized over the remaining weighted average vesting period of years. 
 
 Performance Shares 
 
 The Company has granted performance shares, which either contain only service-based vesting conditions or service-based and performance-based vesting conditions. The service-based awards vest after the service period is met, which is generally three to five years. Expense for these grants is based on the fair value on the date of the grant and is being recognized on a straight-line basis over the respective service period. The performance-based awards generally vest after five years if the performance and service targets are met. The Company evaluates the performance conditions associated with these grants each reporting period to determine the expected number of shares to be issued. Expenses for grants of performance shares are recognized on a straight-line basis over the respective service period based on the grant date fair value and expected number of shares to be issued. The awards are subject to accelerated vesting on a pro rata basis under certain circumstances as outlined in the 2013 Plan and the 2022 Plan, except in those circumstances in which award agreements or change in control agreements specify full vesting. 
 
 A summary of performance share transactions during the year ended December 31, 2022 follows: 

Granted 

Vested 

() 

Forfeited 

() 

Outstanding, December 31, 2022 

As of December 31, 2022 , the Company had million of unrecognized compensation cost related to nonvested performance share grants expected to be recognized over the remaining weighted average service period of years. 

Weighted average shares outstanding - basic 

Dilutive common stock equivalents 

Weighted average shares outstanding - diluted 

Net income per share: 

Basic 

() 

Diluted 

() 

Diluted weighted average shares outstanding excludes shares of common stock of for the year ended December 31, 2022 as their inclusion would have been antidilutive given the Company s net loss. 
 
 Awards to purchase and shares of common stock with weighted average exercise prices of and , were outstanding during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively, but were not included in the computation of diluted net income per share because the awards exercise prices were greater than the average market price of the common shares. 

Revenue is measured at the amount of consideration we expect to receive in exchange for the goods or services. Variable consideration for estimated returns, allowances and other price variances is recorded based upon historical experience and current allowance programs. Contract terms may involve variable consideration clauses such as sales discounts and customer rebates, and revenue is adjusted accordingly for these provisions. Estimated amounts are included in the transaction price to the extent it is probable that a significant reversal of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is resolved. The promised amount of consideration in a contract is not adjusted for the effects of a significant financing component when we expect, at contract inception, that the period between our transfer of a promised good or service to a customer and when the customer pays for that product or service will be one year or less. Sales taxes are excluded from the measurement of a performance obligation s transaction price. Sales commissions are expensed as incurred when we expect that the amortization period of such costs will be one year or less. 
 
 Consistent with the Company s change in reportable segments described in Note 17 , the Company has changed its presentation of disaggregated revenue to align with the new segment structure. The following table presents disaggregated revenue by operating segment for the periods presented (in thousands): 

Personal protective equipment 

Total Branded Products Segment 

Healthcare Apparel Segment: 

Healthcare apparel 

Personal protective equipment 

Total Healthcare Apparel Segment 

Contact Centers Segment: 

Contact centers services 

Net intersegment eliminations 

() 

() 

Total Contact Centers Segment 

Consolidated Net Sales 

Contract Assets and Contract Liabilities 
 
 The following table provides information about accounts receivable, contract assets and contract liabilities from contracts with customers (in thousands): 

Current contract assets 

Current contract liabilities 

Contract assets relate to goods produced without an alternative use for which the Company has an enforceable right to payment but which has not yet been invoiced to the customer. The majority of the amounts included in contract assets on December 31, 2021 were transferred to accounts receivable during the year ended December 31, 2022 . Contract liabilities relate to payments received in advance of the Company completing its performance under a contract. Contract liabilities are included in other current liabilities in our balance sheets. During the year ended December 31, 2022 , million of revenue was recognized from the contract liabilities balance as of December 31, 2021 . 

shares of the Company s outstanding common stock. There is no expiration date or other restriction governing the period over which the Company can make share repurchases under the program. All purchases under this program will be open market transactions. The Company did not reacquire and retire shares of its common stock under this program during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 . At December 31, 2022 , the Company had shares remaining under its common stock repurchase program. Shares purchased under the common stock repurchase program are constructively retired and returned to unissued status. The Company considers several factors in determining when to make share repurchases, including among other things, the cost of equity, the after-tax cost of borrowing, the debt to total capitalization targets and its expected future cash needs. 

The Company evaluates the performance of each operating segment based on several factors of which the primary financial measures are net sales and income before taxes on income. No customer accounted for more than 10 of the Company s total net sales in 2022 or 2021 . 
 
 The following tables set forth financial information related to the Company s operating segments (in thousands): 

() 

Cost of goods sold 

() 

Gross margin 

() 

Selling and administrative expenses 

() 

Goodwill impairment charge 

Intangible assets impairment charge 

Other periodic pension cost 

Gain on sale of property, plant and equipment 

Interest expense 

Income (loss) before taxes on income 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Depreciation and amortization 

Capital expenditures 

Total assets 

() 

Cost of goods sold 

() 

Gross margin 

() 

Selling and administrative expenses 

() 

Other periodic pension cost 

Pension plan termination charge 

Interest expense 

Income before taxes on income 

() 

Depreciation and amortization 

Capital expenditures 

- 

Total assets 

- 

million in cash. Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed The total purchase price was allocated to the tangible and intangible assets and liabilities of Gifts by Design based on their estimated fair values as of the acquisition date. The excess of the purchase price over the estimated fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed was allocated to goodwill. The following table presents the allocation of the total fair value of consideration transferred, as shown above, to the acquired tangible and intangible assets and liabilities of Gifts by Design based on their estimated fair values as of the effective date of the transaction (in thousands): 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Property, plant and equipment 

Intangible assets 

Goodwill 

Total assets 

Accounts payable 

Other current liabilities 

Total liabilities 

The Company recorded million in identifiable intangibles at fair value, consisting of million in acquired customer relationships and million for the brand name. The intangible assets associated with the customer relationships are being amortized for seven years. The Company recognized amortization expense on these acquired intangible assets of million and million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Gifts by Design trade name was fully impaired during the year ended December 31, 2022 as a result of the Company s rebranding efforts during the second quarter of 2022. See Note 6 for further details. The difference between the fair value of the consideration transferred and the values assigned to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed was recorded as goodwill, which is primarily attributed to the assembled workforce and expanded market opportunities. The acquisition of Gifts by Design was treated as an asset purchase for income tax purpose, and therefore, the resulting goodwill from this acquisition is deductible for U.S. income tax purposes. The goodwill associated with the Gifts by Design acquisition was fully impaired during the year ended December 31, 2022 as a result of the Company s goodwill impairment test performed during the third quarter of 2022, which was triggered by the depressed market price of the Company s common stock and corresponding significant decline in the Company s market capitalization. See Note 6 for further details. 
 
 Sutter s Mill Specialties, Inc. 
 
 On December 2, 2021, the Company, principally through BAMKO, acquired substantially all of the assets of Sutter s Mill Specialties, Inc. Sutter s Mill of Tempe, Arizona. Sutter s Mill is a vertically integrated manufacturer of high quality, decorated promotional products. Sutter s Mill has the capability to print on demand and create customized promotional programs and products for customers of any size. 
 
 The purchase price of the acquisition consisted of the following: (a) million in cash, (b) the issuance of restricted shares of Superior s common stock that vest ratably over a three -year period, and (c) potential future payments of approximately million in additional contingent consideration for calendar years 2022 through 2024 based on the results of the acquired business. 

Fair Value of Consideration Transferred 
 
 A summary of the purchase price is as follows (in thousands): 

Restricted shares of Superior common stock issued 

Contingent consideration 

Total Consideration 

Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed 
 
 The following table presents the allocation of the total fair value of consideration transferred, as shown above, to the acquired tangible and intangible assets and liabilities of Sutter s Mill based on their estimated fair values as of the effective date of the transaction (in thousands): 

Inventories 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Property, plant and equipment 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Intangible assets 

Goodwill 

Other assets 

Total assets 

Accounts payable 

Other current liabilities 

Long-term debt 

Long-term operating lease liabilities 

Total liabilities 

In the first quarter of 2022, an adjustment to increase goodwill by million was made to the initial amounts recorded, which relates to additional consideration paid by the Company to the seller. 
 
 The Company recorded million in identifiable intangibles at fair value, consisting of million in acquired customer relationships, million for a non-compete agreement and million for the Sutter s Mill Specialties trade name. The intangible assets associated with the customer relationships are being amortized for seven years and the non-compete agreement is being amortized for five years. The Company recognized amortization expense on these acquired intangible assets of million during the year ended December 31, 2022 . The Sutter s Mill Specialties trade name was fully impaired during the year ended December 31, 2022 as a result of the Company s rebranding efforts during the second quarter of 2022. See Note 6 for further details. The difference between the fair value of the consideration transferred and the values assigned to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed was recorded as goodwill, which is primarily attributed to the assembled workforce and expanded market opportunities. The acquisition of Sutter s Mill was treated as an asset purchase for income tax purpose, and therefore, the resulting goodwill from this acquisition is deductible for U.S. income tax purposes. The goodwill associated with the Sutter s Mill acquisition was fully impaired during the year ended December 31, 2022 as a result of the Company s goodwill impairment test performed during the third quarter of 2022, which was triggered by the depressed market price of the Company s common stock and corresponding significant decline in the Company s market capitalization. See Note 6 for further details. 

Guardian Products, Inc. 
 
 On May 1, 2022, the Company, through BAMKO, acquired substantially all of the assets of Guardian Products, Inc. Guardian of Norcross, Georgia. Guardian is a branded merchandise company that is one of the leading providers of promotional products to automotive dealers nationwide. The purchase price for the acquisition consisted of the following: (a) million in cash, (b) the issuance of restricted shares of Superior s common stock (the Guardian Stock that vest ratably over a three -year period, and (c) estimated potential future payments of approximately million in additional contingent consideration based on the results of the acquired business through April 2025. The Guardian Stock is subject to transfer restrictions over the three -year period following the closing of the acquisition. 
 
 Fair Value of Consideration Transferred 
 
 A summary of the purchase price is as follows (in thousands): 

Restricted shares of Superior common stock issued 

Contingent consideration 

Total Consideration 

Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed 
 
 The following table presents the allocation of the total fair value of consideration transferred, as shown above, to the acquired tangible and intangible assets and liabilities of Guardian based on their estimated fair values as of the effective date of the transaction (in thousands): 

Inventories 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Property, plant and equipment 

Intangible assets 

Goodwill 

Total assets 

Accounts payable 

Other current liabilities 

Total liabilities 

The Company recorded million in identifiable intangibles at fair value, consisting of million in acquired customer relationships, million for a non-compete agreement and million for the Guardian Products trade name. The intangible assets associated with the customer relationships are being amortized for seven years, the non-compete agreement is being amortized for five years and the trade name is being amortized for two years. The Company recognized amortization expense on these acquired intangible assets of million during the year ended December 31, 2022 . The difference between the fair value of the consideration transferred and the values assigned to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed was recorded as goodwill, which is primarily attributed to the assembled workforce and expanded market opportunities. The acquisition of Guardian was treated as an asset purchase for income tax purpose, and therefore, the resulting goodwill from this acquisition is deductible for U.S. income tax purposes. The goodwill associated with the Guardian acquisition was fully impaired during the year ended December 31, 2022 as a result of the Company s goodwill impairment test performed during the third quarter of 2022, which was triggered by the depressed market price of the Company s common stock and corresponding significant decline in the Company s market capitalization. See Note 6 for further details. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 On April 6, 2022, Mayer Hoffman McCann P.C. MHM ), the Company s independent registered public accounting firm, informed the Company that it was declining to stand for reappointment to conduct the audit of the Company s financial statements for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022. MHM informed the Company that it would continue to perform services for the Company in connection with the fiscal quarter ending March 31, 2022. On April 7, 2022, the Audit Committee of the Company s Board of Directors accepted the resignation of MHM. MHM s report on the Company s consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2021 did not contain any adverse opinion or a disclaimer of opinion, nor were they qualified or modified as to uncertainty, audit scope or accounting principles. During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, and during the subsequent period through April 6, 2022, there were no disagreements with MHM on any matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure, or auditing scope or procedure, which disagreements, if not resolved to the satisfaction of MHM, would have caused MHM to make reference to the subject matter of the disagreements in connection with its reports on the Company s financial statements for such periods. During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 and during the subsequent period through April 6, 2022, there were no reportable events , as defined in Regulation S-K Item 304(a)(1)(v), except as previously disclosed in the Company s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, in which management identified a material weakness in internal control over financial reporting relating to the Company s accounting for income taxes. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 The Company conducted an evaluation, under supervision and with the participation of the Company s principal executive officer, Michael Benstock, and the Company s principal financial officer, Michael Koempel, of the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this report (the Evaluation Date ). Based on such evaluation, the Company s principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that, as of the Evaluation Date, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were not effective because of the material weakness in the Company s internal control over financial reporting described below. 
 
 A material weakness is defined as a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, management identified a material weakness relating to segregation of duties, change management and user access within certain proprietary information technology systems of the Contact Centers segment. The Company determined that management s review controls over these areas are not designed effectively to detect a material misstatement related to the completeness, accuracy, and presentation of the financial statements. 
 
 Notwithstanding the identified material weakness, management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer have determined, based on the procedures we have performed, that the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K present fairly, in all material respects, our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows at December 31, 2022 and for the periods presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 

71

Table of Contents 

Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 Management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). The Company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; and 

provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and 

provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria set forth in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 
 Based on this evaluation, and as described further above, management has identified a material weakness relating to segregation of duties, change management and user access within certain proprietary information technology systems of the Contact Centers segment. While these control deficiencies did not result in a misstatement to the consolidated financial statement, the material weakness could have resulted in a misstatement impacting account balances or disclosures that would have resulted in a material misstatement to the consolidated financial statements that would not have been prevented or detected on a timely basis. Given the material weakness, we have concluded that internal control over financial reporting was ineffective as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Remediation of Previously Reported Material Weaknesses 
 
 As previously reported in Item 9A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 and Item 4 of our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2022, management identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 Management determined a material weakness existed relating to the accounting for income taxes principally related to the income tax provision and deferred tax accounts (liabilities and assets). The Company determined that management s review controls over income taxes were not operating effectively to detect a material misstatement in the financial statements related to the completeness, accuracy, and presentation of the aforementioned areas of income taxes. During 2022, management implemented its previously disclosed remediation plan that included: (i) implement a tax reporting software solution to streamline our income tax process and enhance our state and federal income tax reporting capabilities; (ii) hire additional qualified personnel to bolster the Company s in-house tax capabilities and capacity; and (iii) evaluate and, if necessary, enhance the level of precision in the management review controls related to income taxes. During the fourth quarter of 2022, we completed our testing of the operating effectiveness of the implemented controls and determined them to be effective. As a result, we have concluded that the material weakness has been remediated as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Information Technology 
 Management determined a material weakness existed relating to the information technology system change controls within one of the Company s primary systems. The Company determined that management s review controls over certain system changes were not designed effectively to detect a material misstatement in the financial statements related to the completeness, accuracy, and presentation of the financial statements. During the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company implemented automated system change control functionality that more effectively facilitates the review and validation of system changes. The Company also designed and implemented additional enhanced review and monitoring controls. During the fourth quarter of 2022, we completed our testing of the operating effectiveness of the implemented controls and determined them to be effective. As a result, we have concluded that the material weakness has been remediated as of December 31, 2022. 

72

Table of Contents 

Ongoing Remediation Efforts with Respect to the Material Weakness 
 
 The Company s management, under the oversight of the Audit Committee, has developed a plan to remediate the material weakness relating to certain proprietary information technology systems of the Contact Centers segment identified as of December 31, 2022 which includes the following measures: (i) develop information technology general controls to manage access and program changes within our proprietary system; (ii) implement processes and controls to better identify and manage segregation of duties; and (iii) design and implement additional enhanced review and monitoring controls. 
 
 The material weakness will not be considered remediated until management completes the remediation plan above, the enhanced controls operate for a sufficient period of time, and management has concluded, through testing, that the related controls are effective. The Company will monitor the effectiveness of its remediation plan and will refine its remediation plan as appropriate. 
 
 The Company s independent registered public accounting firm, Grant Thornton LLP, has issued a report on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting, which is included Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 Except as discussed above under Remediation of Previously Reported Material Weaknesses, there were no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2022, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 

None. 

73

Table of Contents 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the Company s definitive proxy statement to be filed in connection with its 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 

The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the Company s definitive proxy statement to be filed in connection with its 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

Equity Compensation Plan Information 

The following table provides information about our common stock that may be issued upon the exercise of options, warrants, rights and restricted stock under all our existing equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2022: 

Plan category 
 
 (a) Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights 

(b) Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights 

(c) Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) 

Equity compensation Plans approved by Security holders 

1,283,160 

15.73 

1,712,378 

Equity compensation Plans not approved by Security holders 

- 

- 

- 

Total 

1,283,160 

1,712,378 

All other information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the Company s definitive proxy statement to be filed in connection with its 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the Company s definitive proxy statement to be filed in connection with its 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the Company s definitive proxy statement to be filed in connection with its 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. 

74

Table of Contents 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

(a)(1) 
 
 Financial Statements. The following financial statements of Superior Group of Companies, Inc. are included in Part II, Item 8: 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

(a)(2) 
 
 Financial Statement Schedules. 

All schedules are omitted because they are not applicable, or not required, or because the required information is included in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto. 

(a)(3) 
 
 Exhibits. 

See Exhibit Index 

75

Table of Contents 

SUPERIOR GROUP OF COMPANIES , INC. EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit No. 
 Description 

3.1 
 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Superior Group of Companies, Inc., as amended on May 3, 2018, filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference. 

3.2 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant, filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the Form 8-K filed on May 4, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference. 

4.1 
 Description of the Registrant s Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference. 

4.2 
 Form of Common Stock Certificate of Registrant, filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-249760) on October 30, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference. 

4.3 
 Form of Senior Indenture, filed as Exhibit 4.4 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-249760) on October 30, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference. 

4.4 
 Form of Subordinated Indenture, filed as Exhibit 4.5 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-249760) on October 30, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference. 

4.5 
 Registration Rights Agreement, filed as Exhibit 4.9 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-249760) on October 30, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.1 
 Form of Director/Officer Indemnification Agreement filed as Exhibit 10 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2006 and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.2 
 1994 Superior Surgical Mfg. Co., Inc. Supplemental Pension Plan as amended and restated on July 30, 2013 , filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 2, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.3 
 1994 Superior Surgical Mfg. Co., Inc. Supplemental Pension Plan as amended and restated on November 7, 2008, filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008 and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.4 
 Severance Protection Agreement with Michael Benstock, dated November 23, 2005, filed as Exhibit 99.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 28, 2005 and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.5 
 Severance Protection Agreement with Andrew D. Demott, Jr., dated November 23, 2005, filed as Exhibit 99.4 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 28, 2005 and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.6 
 2013 Incentive Stock and Awards Plan of the Registrant filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 7, 2013, and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.7 
 Form of Incentive Stock Option Agreement With Vesting Provisions , filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 7, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.8 
 Form of Stock Appreciation Rights Agreement , filed as Exhibit 10.3 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 7, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.9 
 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Grant For Outside Directors , filed as Exhibit 10.4 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 7, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.10 
 Form of Incentive Stock Option Agreement With Vesting Provisions , filed as Exhibit 10.5 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 7, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.11 
 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement , filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 13, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.12 
 Form of Performance Share Agreement, filed as Exhibit 10.30 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.13 
 Form of Stock Appreciation Rights Agreement, filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.14 
 Superior Uniform Group, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan , filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 2, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.15 
 Superior Uniform Group, Inc. Trust Agreement , filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 2, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.16 
 Asset Purchase Agreement, by and among BAMKO, Inc., the Shareholders of BAMKO, Inc., and Prime Acquisition I, LLC, dated as of March 1, 2016, filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference. 

76

Table of Contents 

10.17 
 Asset Purchase Agreement, by and among Tangerine Promotions, Ltd., Tangerine Promotions West, Inc., Steve Friedman, Adam Rosenbaum, and BAMKO, LLC, dated as of December 1, 2017, filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 1, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.18 
 Stock Purchase Agreement by and among CID Resources, Inc., CID Resources Holdings LLC, the Direct and Indirect Equityholders of CID Resources Holdings LLC and Superior Uniform Group, Inc., dated as of May 2, 2018, filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Form 8-K filed on May 3, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.19 ,# 
 Employment Agreement, effective July 1, 2021, between Superior Group of Companies, Inc. and Philip Koosed, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.20 ,# 
 Employment Agreement, effective July 1, 2021, between The Office Gurus, LLC and Dominic Leide, filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.21 ,# 
 Change in Control Agreement, made as of July 8, 2021, between Superior Group of Companies, Inc. and Jordan Alpert, filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.22 ,# 
 Retention Agreement, made as of July 8, 2021, between Superior Group of Companies, Inc. and Jordan Alpert, filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.23 ,# 
 Amended and Restated Performance Share Award, dated July 1, 2021, granted to Dominic Leide, filed as Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.24 , # 
 Performance Share Award, dated July 1, 2021, granted to Philip Koosed, filed as Exhibit 10.6 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.25 
 Restricted Stock Award, dated July 1, 2021, granted to Philip Koosed, filed as Exhibit 10.7 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.26 
 Restricted Stock Award, dated July 8, 2021, granted to Jordan Alpert, filed as Exhibit 10.8 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.27 ,# 
 Performance Share Award, dated July 1, 2021, granted to Jake Himelstein, filed as Exhibit 10.9 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.28 
 Restricted Stock Award, dated July 1, 2021, granted to Jake Himelstein, filed as Exhibit 10.10 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.29 ,# 
 Employment Agreement, effective July 1, 2021, between BAMKO, LLC and Jake Himelstein, filed as Exhibit 10.11 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.30 
 Superior Group of Companies, Inc. 2022 Equity Incentive and Awards Plan, incorporated by reference to Annex A to the Registrant s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A, filed with the SEC on March 31, 2022. 

10.31 
 Form of Incentive Stock Option Agreement, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.32 
 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Grant For Outside Directors, filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.33 
 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement, filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.34 
 Form of Performance Share Agreement, filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.35 
 Form of Stock Appreciation Rights Agreement, filed as Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.36 
 Credit Agreement, dated as of August 23, 2022, among Superior Group of Companies, Inc., the Guarantors party thereto, the Lenders party thereto, and PNC Bank, National Association, as administrative agent for the Lenders filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 24, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference. 

14.1 
 Code of Business and Ethical Conduct of the Registrant, filed as Exhibit 14.1 to the Form 8-K filed on August 6, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference. 

77

Table of Contents 

21.1 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant. 

23.1 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm - Grant Thornton LLP 

23.2 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm - Mayer Hoffman McCann P.C. 

24.1 
 Power of Attorney (included on the signature page hereto) 

31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 
 Written Statement of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. 

32.2 
 Written Statement of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. 

101.INS+ 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 

101.SCH+ 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema. 

101.CAL+ 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase. 

101.DEF+ 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase. 

101.LAB+ 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase. 

101.PRE+ 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase. 

104 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Management contracts and compensatory plans and arrangements. 
 # Portions omitted in accordance with Item 601(b) of Regulation S-K. 
 Filed herewith 
 Furnished herewith 
 + Submitted electronically with this Annual Report. 

Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 

None. 

78

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

SUPERIOR GROUP OF COMPANIES, INC. 

By: 
 /s/ Michael Benstock 

Michael Benstock 

Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

DATE: March 20, 2023 
 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 BY THESE PRESENTS, each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints each of Michael Benstock, Andrew D. Demott, Jr., Michael Koempel and Jordan M. Alpert his or her true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, with full power of substitution and resubstitution for him or her and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorney-in-fact or his or her substitute, each acting alone, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue thereof. 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

/s/ Michael Benstock 

Michael Benstock, March 20, 2023 

Chief Executive Officer and Director 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Michael Koempel 

Michael Koempel, March 20, 2023 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Andrew D. Demott, Jr 

Andrew D. Demott, Jr., March 20, 2023 

Chief Operating Officer and Director 

/s/ Paul Mellini 
 
 /s/ Venita Fields 

Paul Mellini, March 20, 2023 
 
 Venita Fields, March 20, 2023 

(Director) 
 
 (Director) 

/s/ Todd Siegel 
 
 /s/ Robin Hensley 

Todd Siegel, March 20, 2023 
 
 Robin Hensley, March 20, 2023 

(Director) 
 
 (Director) 

79

<EX-21.1>
 2
 ex_430235.htm
 EXHIBIT 21.1

ex_430235.htm 

Exhibit 21.1 

SuperioR group OF COMPANIES, Inc. 

LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES 

As of December 31, 2022 , the Registrant directly or indirectly owned the following subsidiaries: 

Company 
			 
			 Incorporation 

Fashion Seal Corporation 

Nevada 

Superior Group Holdings, Inc. 
			 
			 Texas 

The Office Gurus, LLC 

Florida 

The Office Gurus Limited 
			 
			 Jamaica 

SUG Holding 

Cayman Islands 

Superior Group Holdings (IL), LLC 
			 
			 Illinois 

SGC Worldwide B.V. 
			 
			 Netherlands 

Zing Manufacturing, LLC 
			 
			 Delaware 

The Office Gurus LTDA. De C.V., a subsidiary of Superior Group Holdings (IL), LLC and Fashion Seal Corporation 

El Salvador 

The Office Masters, LTDA. De C.V., a subsidiary of Superior Group Holdings (IL), LLC and Fashion Seal Corporation 

El Salvador 

TOG, S.R.L., a subsidiary of Superior Group Holdings (IL), LLC and Fashion Seal Corporation 
			 
			 Dominican Republic 

The Office Gurus, Ltd., a subsidiary of SUG Holding and Fashion Seal Corporation 

Belize 

Superior Sourcing, a wholly owned subsidiary of SUG Holding 

Cayman Islands 

BAMKO, LLC 

Delaware 

BAMKO Importa o, Exporta o e Com rcio de Brindes Ltda., a subsidiary of BAMKO, LLC and SUG Holding 

Brazil 

BAMKO Merch Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of BAMKO, LLC 
			 
			 Canada 

Logo Lineup, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of BAMKO, LLC 
			 
			 Delaware 

Worldwide Sourcing Solutions Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of BAMKO, LLC 

Hong Kong 

Guangzhou Ben Gao Trading Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of Worldwide Sourcing Solutions Limited 

China 

BAMKO India Private Limited, a 99 -owned subsidiary of BAMKO, LLC 

India 

BAMKO UK, Ltd., a wholly owned subsidiary of BAMKO, LLC 

United Kingdom 

CID Resources, Inc. 

Delaware 

Superior Uniform Arkansas, LLC 
			 
			 Arkansas 

Superior Uniform Group, LLC 
			 
			 Florida 

BAMKO Colombia SAS 
			 
			 Colombia 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 ex_430236.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.1

ex_430236.htm 

Exhibit 23.1 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

We have issued our report dated March 20, 2023 , with respect to the consolidated financial statements included in the Annual Report of Superior Group of Companies, Inc. on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 . We consent to the incorporation by reference of said report in the Registration Statements of Superior Group of Companies, Inc. on Forms S-8 (File No. 333-188944 and File No. 333-264922) and Form S-3A (File No. 333-249760). 

/s/ Grant Thornton LLP 

 Fort Lauderdale, Florida 

 March 20, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 4
 ex_472085.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.2

HTML Editor 

Exhibit 23.2 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in this Registration Statement on Forms S-8 (File No. 333-188944 and File No. 333-264922) and Forms S-3 and S-3A (File No. 333-249760) of our report dated March 23, 2022, except as to Note 17, which is as of March 20, 2023 , with respect to the revised consolidated financial statements of Superior Group of Companies, Inc. and Subsidiaries, as of December 31, 2021 and for the year ended December 31, 2021 (which report expresses an unqualified opinion on the consolidated financial statements and an emphasis of matter paragraph related to segment reporting), included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

/s/ Mayer Hoffman McCann P.C. 

March 20, 2023 

 St. Petersburg, Florida 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 ex_430237.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

ex_430237.htm 

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Michael Benstock, certify that: 

1. 

I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Superior Group of Companies, Inc.; 

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 

The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

5. 

The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 20, 2023 

/s/ Michael Benstock 

Michael Benstock 

			 Chief Executive Officer 

			 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 ex_430238.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

ex_430238.htm 

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Michael Koempel, certify that: 

1. 

I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Superior Group of Companies, Inc.; 

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 

The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

5. 

The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 20, 2023 

/s/ Michael Koempel 

Michael Koempel 

			 Chief Financial Officer 

			 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 ex_430239.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

ex_430239.htm 

Exhibit 32.1 

Written Statement of the Chief Executive Officer 
Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 

Solely for the purposes of complying with 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, I, the undersigned Chief Executive Officer of Superior Group of Companies, Inc. (the Company ), hereby certify, based on my knowledge, that the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Michael Benstock 

 Michael Benstock 

 Chief Executive Officer 

 (Principal Executive Officer) 

March 20, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 ex_430240.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

ex_430240.htm 

Exhibit 32.2 

Written Statement of the Chief Financial Officer 
Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 

Solely for the purposes of complying with 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, I, the undersigned Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of Superior Group of Companies, Inc. (the Company ), hereby certify, based on my knowledge, that the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Michael Koempel 

 Michael Koempel. 

 Chief Financial Officer 

 (Principal Financial Officer) 

March 20, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 sgc-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 sgc-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 sgc-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 sgc-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 sgc-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

